there is a television in the middle of living room .	住宅中间有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新建的钱 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果必要 , 我们将发送一个电信家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	然后 , 你把他们固定在你第一家海底厨房里 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	难以置信的朱克斯塔位置是不可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他正在过去他的牛在顶部的梅德ow上 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但是他的老师说: " 你还不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是一年 , 中国梦见显然显然出现的 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	我将于2010年10月17日加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他能在我的耳朵里吹嘘不起的东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料的供应很大程度上加强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种步行跟踪器在柴油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一个塑料覆盖为类型的作家 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它的螺旋结构由刚果红显示出来 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是学生 , 我们在自由电荷免费 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是心理学家在晚上梦想的 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那时他不会突然离开 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了评价评价 , 评价评论 ; 精致 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人嫁给赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元的投资者 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多要求一点沉淀吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力是由反应力力力的力量打败的 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	联系旧知识 , 揭露新的课程 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	明确的华清池 , 是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	所有的小蜡烛都烧了出来 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我已经称之为 " wikiwiki " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	病人受害 , 死亡是苦难的 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	表示每个阀门的操作声级 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们被划成直线 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	b:在这里 , 看鱼在行者港口 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在维罗塔返回后 , 在巴黎的一次聚会上 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	有些人来自狭窄的jail细胞 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	当夫妇回家时 , 萨马问丈夫问她的丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我采取深入的吸收 , 抑郁在新鲜 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	从2003年到2007年 , 我是一名早晨编辑者 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	如此伟大的胜利是不合理的预期 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近在公司做了很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但是 , 固定的沙丘是物种之间的矛盾 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听到那样的话 , 她的脸朝着嘴唇走去 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	这并不足以说有些经济增长 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子多么肮脏 , 还有很多尘埃 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后 , 约书亚让人离开 , 每个人都到他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	例如有一个字符libra的碰撞应应该隐藏 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	回家的路上 , 几个旅客希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了doap家庭页面的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆车来了 , 一辆车 , 两辆车长 , 一人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	只有古老的野生和海豚连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我对我的荣耀发誓 , 我不知道这是什么 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是使用绑定/unb结合方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多花有几个破碎的肋骨 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲里是一种特殊的负思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活中最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是相反的计划3 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	那个人甚至是孩子 , 摩西选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家家的家乡转变成教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看到parleys.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的沙迪房间和干燥的地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	详细地给出了每个观察它们的选项 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在一家宠物店买了一个喷雾的沙姆波娃 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性是由系统所使用的 , 并不应修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 杰克的狗小了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	贾罗忘了 , 他从自行车上掉下来 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	参加者:当然 , 奶油和糖 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的接待是最平坦的种类 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅再次在公园碰到约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我已经失去了我的词典 , 请把我留给你 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英文文文章使用这么困难 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这就是我们如何得到法国的范围 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说话 , 她和世界没有联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由交叉段连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克里默:我发现美国的倡议高度问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去通常所有的技术博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	不 , 这就是人们如何参考小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她耐心等待法国完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁都有以下基本属性
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些是各种各样的包装 , 用于惩罚者 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接穿过的是阿科建筑物 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400的伟大的vowel转移开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这叫做了单调性的娱乐属性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的哥哥 , 年轻的妹妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	那么 , 家庭保护怎么做 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 福奥娜发现她在口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 没有人和他一起曾经是一个人 。 "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在我们在那里有一个很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米小于苏珊 , 苏珊比李小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰的话 , 没有离开它 , 那么你就不会离开 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	柔软的皮肤 , 红唇 , 所以可吻 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 元数据存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他作为敏感但强大的记者 , 他是完美的 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	所有看起来都是所有的元素 , 都是相同的 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	必须不安装文件系统 , 修改文件系统 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	你意味着 , 你是否拥有吗 ? 父亲 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	周一有一个无肉的周一 , 你认为我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	支持j1939通过软件开关设置支持 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生一直在与星节工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	胜利者是第一次在一个空间中抽取三个人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张斌简单地回答 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看起来并没有比那些令人惊讶的肌肉制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛浏览会变成小峰 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	除了她的爱人之外 , 她被她的爱人抛弃了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个示例php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的是 , 不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个公园 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻通过观众发送了一名欺骗者 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后电池在轮子里驱动电机 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请返回学校完成的形式 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张照片价值一千个字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这完全是错误答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 冰冻 , 冰雹回来 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	轮胎是老的 , 已经平滑了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	您的合作伙伴本周可能有点恐惧 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我一直在对我所有的权利感到相反 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	去除链驱动轮从曲轴上移动 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是校园里的英雄性格 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但是 , 命运没有给他们提供机会继续的机会 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要把它放在水平上 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子在传输机上太接近 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	泰西德里弗:好吧 , 是你的行李吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	增加真正的恒量表数由骑士数量 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送往大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一声喊道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联骑士在他的装甲里死了 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水从喉咙下来 , 他开始醒来 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花朵和精神一样 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们住在什么地方呢 ? 好还是坏吗 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一条鱼 , 用河驱下来 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 否则最大伤害 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	不 , 我觉得你能去 , 我甚至不能得到法兰呢 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的教堂里 , 把一分钟停在一起 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督对他母亲说的事情使她想哭泣 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道 , 50年来最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你想像这些更抽象的东西 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个学期 , 我每年都会看到父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法在甲醇中溶解的原料 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	对于她的眼睛来说 , 爱情是闪烁的 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但是信用是汽车业的生命血液 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者在你身上有一个序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你是否有经历在你的帕贾马走出来的 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬的头发很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的弟弟和他的妻子是一对快乐的夫妻 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是有很多不确定的关于它将涉及到的事情 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决定快速的时候 , 因此我们就会感到迷惑 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在玩完后直接回家了 , 你怎么办 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行为并不符合他的话语 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 , 他很高 , 很强 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但是他们太恐怖了 , 睡得太恐怖了 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写了这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一个帕根...谁崇拜的偶像 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在那个数字游戏中它转换为1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请改变一个单个房间 , 洗澡 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但是 , 关于改变的事情是不可思议的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行官从来没有看过这样的事情 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	过度愉快 , 她从房子里冲出来 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	苦涩的生命 , 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它把我们的房子变成葬礼帐篷 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或许奇怪是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以这就是解决方案的混合在哪里 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能把我送到下一个城镇里吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	输入箱后输入几行新行 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	阿:没有英国绿色来这里吗 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有的沟通都在写作中 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 小裙子在时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以在一个家庭里引起钻石 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	一个网站被选为新学校 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他取代了他的弟弟 , 作为进球员 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的花朵 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周也许是一个例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导体:镀镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	我还没有从喷气层中恢复过来 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	火炬象征着亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮充分流入西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生儿的孩子中提高了这些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但是首先 , 有人必须把他们放进他们的运输坦克中 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们的房间里 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后照亮火上的东西 , 燃烧它 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章节在我们的书馆中可用 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住那是坏的 , 是不放弃的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 不管怎样 , 债务将是巨大的 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	我记得回来 , 我遇见你回家的路上 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停止每头3200美元的钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有时钟的问题 , 你需要修复这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司机设备 , 用户需要联系我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不会根据人民的意愿而基础 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我叫做时 , 他在汉姆姆斯的时候 , 他正在停留在那里 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上一个护照大小的照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	大象 , 你的耳朵就像cymbals 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嘿 , 你周五是免费的吗 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.roundrobin的顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我在工作上过去 , 伤害我的心脏 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得在那个笑容中有点吹风 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿飞可以把植物干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场18岁 , 18岁的河板 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	路上 , 我不想一夜飞行 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过公共汽车 , 因为他迟到了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 手里枪 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 , 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他已经有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑不放在项目0中 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么所有最好的聚会都在岛屿上找到了 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有直、上切 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	地主在我的房间里放了一个新的停车 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	公司是一家电子商品的世界领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一个扭曲的弹性被隐藏在一起 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	研制了铁mi操作器的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深刻的事情 , 正如你教的那样 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 ! " 梅格说 。
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给它一些数据解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9锤为每个湾钻井 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来那么糟糕 , 我在他身上拿着城市 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	这是我的第一爱 , 我也怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你是否需要在非hk股票中交易 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在在家里已经在20年了 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗会学不到新的小狗 。
minutes of board committee meetings	委员会会会议的几分钟 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们在饥荒中被惩罚 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头上倾斜 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员有一个变形孔 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	不同于l值和r值之间的区别 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	羞愧 , 你不能有任何不满的事 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好吧 , 我离开了五分钟 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	对于大象来说 , 这是一段时间 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	张力计可以做到足够小的 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远离大连来自lvshun ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	安装的灯光逮捕器在哪里 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 诚挚的心 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国迅速上升了这个共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会为背骨赢得战斗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	它鼓励你 , 相反 , 要生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	我记得几年前在这里来了 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员对心灵和平 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图在火中保持头部 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看吗 ? 像食物一样吃东西 , 还有 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛闪烁着缓解和快乐 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须是可持续的 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方来获得创业资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们是独立的 , 但它们是互补的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵们躺在一个栏子里 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 非常清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你正在去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把声音降到一名鞭子里 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本汽油设备检测assn 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是一个白色袜子球迷吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最爱的三角形是最喜欢的 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是把你的文件带到你身边 。 "
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我很充分 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的部分利益都是不可保证的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望他下次能看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤亨庆 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和这些衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但是它也是一个现有的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	船只打破岩头 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他被必要的驱动到偷窃 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班里有五十个学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我要买一美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你很高兴在麻烦的水中钓鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我将把我的叶子拿走 , 像一只蝴蝶一样 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一套3件mafiastyle适合的衣服 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	帕萨尔·吉恩塔:确定有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	指定的霍洛类型物种并未被发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她复制了这个名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	牛津给世界带来了很大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长规则放在铅盒里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	其他人只说如果他们欺骗 , 还是滥用你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	当你的脑锁上时 , 你怎么会怎么回复 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	如果我有翅膀 , 我会飞到月球上 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	好的 , 我的本泽实际上是什么 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这个树 。 当时 , 年轻时 , 这个树 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们是哈佛大学 , 所以我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	这个umpire失去了他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一九七十年代停止给他带来了寒冷 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后 , 他在胸部跳了tweener 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	远程很高兴在他们的到来 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想要绿莓成为我的调查员 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还写了一本书 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维罗特说 , 她将达到边界 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	男人从我的口袋里抽了一笔笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她将在晚上跑过她的线路 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽踢得更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在大雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆吸烟道 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿着那件坏事吗 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	我们必须在苏菲亚回来的时候开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说的时候 , 我看了奶牛 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼斯 , 你在谈论什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	牛排就像皮革一样艰难 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你有没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	晚上需要多长时间才能做晚衣呢 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫的视觉能影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗涤机电机v带 ;
the young tree has struck root .	年轻的树木有一块块块根 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂从勺子里拿出来 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学习英语歌曲 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须沉默地下降 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 这正在黑暗 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们对这些变异产生了我们的存在 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你需要两个文档 , 然后把它们挖出来 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	怎样做好的系统验证测试仪 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你说的最低点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校 , 但在生命中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李莉打了吉姆 , 赢得第一位 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	奎:每次她来时都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人在寒冷时感到如此孤独 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是三个家庭唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	感谢您呼吁日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华救我们从所有的遗传中拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴会告诉他们他们已经拍了我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	蒙西里·李梅尔在哪里去 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢了一些 , 你失去了一些 。 这就是生活 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那一年 , 那天 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体在地板洞里被发现 。
knive are used to cut things .	刀用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	怎样才能在没有雨水的情况下 , 才能怎么样才能成功 !
peace is always relational .	和平总是相互关系 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克·鲁塞尔怎么做 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要从她的职责中把她离开 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 威斯特尼亚的花朵是什么 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想知道这个夜晚会带来什么样的东西 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你原谅我这么多的病理 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进木头 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	阿:为了解决你 , 为了让我感到困惑 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	杰夫喜欢与杰登玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想被告知成长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	你不只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油改变之前 , 停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	入侵者射击了城镇 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有的事情都改变了 , 我们和他们一起改变了 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以他们从门上驱走了奖金 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我觉得他们最后一场胜利只是一场流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	此外 , 他只是一个孩子 。
lily some money me the other week .	李莉莉是另一个星期的钱 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是巴西利第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们被奖励在等待他们的时候 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我正在试图睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以用手镯治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	而且它的政府被放弃了 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在帕特里克买一只牛肉吗 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听说有人跳舞 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好种子的草原 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须在docot上改变训练 。
beat me half to death with it .	打我半人死去 , 就死了 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃过多的汉堡手术 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她受到惊讶的欢迎 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后在周末 , 艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	一个狼的轨道是多大 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大动脉可溶性 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成了安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上只是大胆 。
the bill was sent to her room .	账单被送到她的房间里 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	您的汽车手册或自动化 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它帮助你不会在那么多时候 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这就是我认为金融是关于什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他身上 ! 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	这个程序的程序是什么独特的 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我不能为什么请他们吗 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸爸的指南 !
losers hangout with losers .	失去汉戈没有失败者 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	一个羞愧的感觉来到她身边 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候 , 都有座椅带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	考试如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家人 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来了问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请开一点快点 !
tingting seems nervous .	丁丁看起来很紧张 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是鸟儿观察员 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把接收者挂起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新头发风格 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手闻着鱼 。
but there's reason for hope .	但是 , 希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的文章是如何从订单中获得的 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一次冲击 , 然后走出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么能把价格放在生活上呢 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你知道什么 , 他是怎么理解的 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像一只脂肪猫 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得相同的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同的领导风格工作 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有很多方法去杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里有很多油罐 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳子 , 一个绳子 , 一个绳子 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们把刀绑在一边 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义了三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花了金像土壤一样的金 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些放在转身上 。
power elevation mill head .	强力提升米头 。
that gives me the creeps .	这给我带来了蠕虫 。
ianto: that's just me .	艾托:那只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是安德萨兹的主人 。
it was from the sugar i think .	这是来自我想到的糖的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么这次救赎呢 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得超越太热了 !
and put bomb craters in there .	然后把炸弹炮放在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视播放了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我已经拿了一些小班了 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动并获得股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	滑到一个大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我喜欢马德里 !
it does have intentions .	它有意思 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	肥胖死了 !
what is the name of that process ?	那个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的一位asq朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小的 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自学者吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建一个.tc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但是它仍然是我做好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 , 这是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	那么 , 我怎么做呢 ?
when did you start to act ?	当你开始行动的时候 , 你开始行动 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢莎波奥吗 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的伟大的母亲 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是个工作穷人吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学习中国人 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 加哥走上去了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的事 。
what's montague ?	什么是蒙塔格 ?
time never comes back .	时间永远不会回来 。
as in organ donor .	正如在组织捐赠者 。
are you a salesman ?	你是一个销售商吗 ?
we just don't know .	我们只是不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做到 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础的 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉到它 !
d a digit	d一个数字d 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车尺度建设过程简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	严厉的父亲急忙忙忙着救这些失去的羔羊...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发商谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	摄影俱乐部带了一次照片拍摄到孟多诺...
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以我们在20世纪中期做出的选择必须是一个非常聪明的 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单元向量 , 那么我应该把这段时间缩小到长度 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	威比亚有大量的铁墨石 , 康通说 , 那年的手 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续继续作为学校主任的卡比先生 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这代表了事故电子的总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近年来 , 大脑中的水域成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义上 , 它是自编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	毫无疑问 , 或者不能完成父母的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	战斗快速 , 当你卡雅克时 , 把巨大的梅通河冲下来 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将修复自己 , 或者可以留下多年的时间 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践了面部表达 , 我就像狼一样滑雪了 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这发生了五六次 , 猴子很愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	所以我们认为dwarf突变剂 " ddf1 " 是ga敏感 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	就像在佛罗里的部落里 , 所以在上帝的王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有很多关于兰节的传奇传奇 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	而在女性的情况下 , 这通常包括性假设 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	睡眠是防止颈癌发生的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	亲近笔门的门口 , 防止羊离开 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	听到的多态度 , 在他的教学里 , 受到赞赏 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	paramedic:我看到你自己被抓到了一个马龙鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈妈 。 我会教她去骑边 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它为一起运行的无关应用程序提供了机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	太海有另一个名字 , 福西 , 一个古代三皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twist可以帮助减少内部器官和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	男性马拉德鸭是他们长期以来著名的 , 螺旋性生殖器 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如此 , 即使解决立即问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	然后看到 , 你的走路 , 不像愚蠢 , 就像智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	橡胶装置 ; 有限元建模 ; 静弹性特征 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创建中国世界杯的上海拉高公路体育场 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领域中 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	这对你来说是否不了 , 但我只有时间在周末 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人来说 , 我认为他的最大的抽屉是 , 像一个或多个双用户 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误的方向中得到了很好的醉酒 , 然后在家里摆脱回家 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	数字从阿富汗贸易联合会收到支付 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到 , 我们只有一个生命 , 才能增强信仰 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个快乐是不可思议的 , 来自农民的廉价黄金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	那天 , 没有否认自己的任何人都必须从他的人民中削减 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	费希酒店开始适应男宠和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪万西安事故和罗马的意义 , 中国 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:你好 , 我是凯瑟 , 凯瑟·琼斯 , 你叫什么名字 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	马米是很薄的朋友 , 我最好的祝福 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	这个螺栓后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗尼 , 生儿和牛仔很快喝蜜蜂 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好的 , 这是一个直向前的 , 还是...不会吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	可消费市场繁荣是稳定的 , 供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都对他们非常反对 , 书店 , 因为你知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期责任的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	你可能知道在数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	你也可以尝试使用google的一些先进命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们也在希腊社区中激烈的情绪 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市既有城乡和农村双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他会太错过 , 他是一个伟大的总统 。 "
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个稍微的金属声音 , 就像一个口袋里的硬币一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我正在完成 , 没有点在做一首歌 , 舞蹈 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停下来 , 男孩 ! 我试图做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪钩可用于任何函数的入口或出口 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我以前在商业上走了 , 但这次我在这里看到 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季小时 " 是美国一家长期建立的机构 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	它似乎大多数中国人使用了一个改进的emule , 滥用服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局glocester董事会 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的睾丸帮助在酒吧后面放了几个渗透剂 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试最好的减少损害到小时 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	75%的德国每天吃早餐 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	googlegoble网络探索器的市场份额与铬共享 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	这是我爸买的第一年 , 我的爸爸买了赛季票 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他也祝福我们 , 我们能记住我们以前的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	手工铁路和行业人员应当为无锈钢管建造 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天安平方是世界上最大的广场 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化结核性血管炎疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	塑性变形的应力通常是压缩的 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是我国最大的谷物生产领域之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里克·布莱尔在乔治奥尔威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个虫子 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了促进这个任务 , birt提供了数据探索器视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:嗨 , 凯尔博士临床 , 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	塞尔吉奥:是的 , 它肯定是最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	令人惊讶的是 , 男孩能很快解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	让我们假设你有一个子团队在私人分支工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了《时代》和杂志心理学》 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经在科学中建立了二元化的问题 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术是沟通的 , 也许人们可以从这个方面获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我的意思是 , 你已经在谈论如何不适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 道是手持计算机的吗 ? " 新闻问道 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新的想法正在渗透到年轻一代的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	我在这张照片里还有另一个详细的细节我喜欢的是作物的脚 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来更强烈的雨水期间的干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员都在搜索他的或她的图书馆的时候都会飞过去 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	然后 , 创造就根源于三个神的相互爱 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你要做永久的话 , 你会在哪里削减花费 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	除了代码性能之外 , 好的程序员也努力为代码清晰度 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的兄弟学会骑自行车 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季的季节在我们身上 , 随着它来到了适宜的季节 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在日常使用之前玩它 , 例如错过重大调用 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们习惯于大型非毒性动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是第一次英国人和其他人一起接触的时候 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	没有什么东西 , 关于大英野花的东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究了不同家庭对象的可分类belean组 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	任何尺寸限的范围都应该被修复成更小的一个 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个瘦的 , 白头男人坐在木椅上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但是他仍然承认基督徒是因为他们面临死亡的途径而死亡的 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五个步骤 , 你可以帮助你的机器跑得更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	这份报告在埃利娜奥蒂斯的伤口边缘发现的头发 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , cms存储在数据库中的所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	类似于论文流速率法的过程 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的母亲正在为客户包裹一些香蕉冰箱 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	在左边的一个寺庙是罗马皇帝哈里亚的一个寺庙 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接是由消息接收器完成的 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:烟雾对钾有毒 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效应和转基因间隔 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我倡导所谓的 " 小城英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了采用钛计的应用条件和方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	不管咖啡因是否会减少细胞的 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	一个9to5工作计划提供足够的时间来放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ? 几个例子吗 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船员不能找到任何东西 , 要在船上捕捉海豹 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名死亡的士兵在一个残疾状态下躺在了 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	在下午或下午 , 你总是可以去处理 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年的贫困线总数:815 , 755
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	kisangani居民说 , 飞机已经破坏了三块 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国庆的来临 , 我有一个星期的假日 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应力在外表上激烈 , 但现实上却有费用 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	这个男孩发挥了他的强点 , 最小化他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这里有些地方我们还没有拖着莫利去 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我当前生活的一个必须的城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须进行调查 , 直到所有事实都发现 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了外周诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	乘客们用海病变得十分绿色 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请在你已经空了他们之后 , 用清洁的纸行 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一名贵族在她自己的权利举行了维斯帐户的名字 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	这样做会有助于解决城市污染的危害效应 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多特殊的技术有助于考古学 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态经济生产力和森林产量的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算在每个分区均行在每个分区进行平行计算 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员已经识别了炸弹作为韩武功 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道的白细胞瘤是一种常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	故障字符串是故障的可读描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	共同开展各种部门的努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不会遇到这两个条件之一 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这件事吗 ? 你没有比其他东西呢 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	米托诺德里亚的克里斯密切安排 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早上 , 大多数突破的山塘应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我觉得它会与展览的人一起笑容 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些乒乓球 , 某些东西可以平静下来呢 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你继续收集 , 那么当你会有财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	" 天主 " 睡着 , 两者都呼吸着同样的热 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥尔良 , 但我想回家去塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁 , 所以我会很慢地拍摄电影 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	谢谢奥巴马所有美国航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航空航天
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回顾我们应该做的事情 , 回到所有的无限感情 , 所以回来 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 到年底 , 它已经发现:它是一个虚假的警报 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数民众都要求他们接受的决定 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我感到非常沮丧 , 不要觉得做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要的步骤 , 也可以是调整最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	垃圾分子也对开发信任更加复杂 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制人士说 , 沙里波夫已经报道 , 船员感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	玩家在自己的力量上 , 经历艰苦的工作 , 然后实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	答:绝对不错 , 它给了团队一个成绩的机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你所形成的桥梁方式和你所知道的所有人都是由这个活力组成的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们都有裙子和裤子 , 看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗衣室里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端是蓝龙和白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	采矿为malware有金在他们身边的代理日志上 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	老k:对不起 , 第二位年轻老师 , 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺马 , 因为她是真正的个人 , 永远不会放在身边 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨晚神摧毁了我的灵魂 , 放在一个新的灵魂里 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	黑暗旅游的发展从边缘到典型的实践 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	愿我们所有与爱与诚信、幸福和同情的嵌入生活 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 另一种形式是共享上帝的话 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我把头埋在那里 , 可是我的姨妈听见我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿石和石油股市移动较低 , 尤其是在伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的成像发现从未在文学中报道过 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三个级别是交通教育课程 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	好几次 , 充满谋杀的看法会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我是特别的 , 你最喜欢的椅子是特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是两个月来煤炭的心脏破坏的两个月 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二次出来 , 让我们去 。 我们怎么做 ? 告诉我怎么做 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节日win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	女人和上帝的祝福 , 必须遵守女人 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	在物理考试上 , 很容易地掌握它 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济勘探显著恶化 ; 或是经济的恶化 。
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿里斯多汗的鸟--------------------下载pdf
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和拖动从开始到结束点 , 您希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	搅拌在巴西尔 。 斯潘在米饭上烧烤 。 服务 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件对应的 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但是 , 除非你结婚 , 否则继承它 , 还是工作很难 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观观角度看到了他们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界能否真正保证这个巨大的风险 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 有大量的火焰细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:$56400美元 , 97400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称gizmo甚至可以提高你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天 , 看到今天的哈伯尔人是可能的吗 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风地下 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	阿历克斯:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿和我一起去 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后一个拉约翰举行了他 , 然后开始把他拿起来 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离婚了她的丈夫 , 现在只有独自生活 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	推进是花30分钟的时间去寻找正确的笔子 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束面具的事情 , 到了舒服的椅子 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的女性有毛 ? [1]
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	mccormack微线驱动提供的体积控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉如果他们正在用丝绳擦拭我的脸 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西是一名农业领导人 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短尺度时间系列具有多分形性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我命令了头发 , 可是你给了我绿色的蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从厚的公共汽车背后射出毒箭 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国的导师文化符号故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推动前进 , 成功最终会遇到你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以将任何电子邮件地址转换成google帐户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷闭并不可接受 " 表面 " 的冷闭 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海口是海南省海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的董事是王凯江教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了偶像模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	对于米菜、汤和帕斯塔来说 , 这是一个很好的补充 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	一个好的绘画是在每一幅画之前显示的 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想增加福山 , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的速度 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	几个圆桌的男人有很多心来消失他们 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能甚至不会冒险的伤害或饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知道的那样 , 互联网的特点是虚拟的和双重的 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚一样 , 人们如何穿着不同的衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	手工用 , 你可以享受你花茶的地方 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	真空旋转器具有强大的石油发动机 , 用于室外使用 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云的时候 , 我是寒冷的 , 诱惑和悲伤的 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我会感到贪婪 , 引起我周围的那些不幸 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你叫它一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记住吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后 , 他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一个和每个后续的bezierspra行只需要三个点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	神话与神话的地方 , 无论是一个非常真正的撞击 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	我们访问的第二个地方是蒙古村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮钩用一只手轻松 , 更快地穿着衣服 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这个时候 , 这是商业喷气行业中的那些人 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变默认门 , 打击输入关键二次 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后 , 讨论了jmi的过程和应用 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	斯蒂希罗丰田说他不会回忆这次会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全惊讶于奇妙和自然的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的事情 , 零并没有存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	爱好者在我们中期和平生活 , 缓慢发展 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	蜡烛板是所有视图portlet都放置的地方 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼高迪 , 来自西班牙 , 主要的论文对象 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接受者问道: " 你看过一位医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后 , 一个毫无疑问的工具-----------------------------------
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作、娱乐和你的火焰 , 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天有七个课程 , 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是在地球上打开门口的地球上 , 是打开光的 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们有银行制度和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃撞到桌子的角落 , 破坏了对冲击 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	迟到的船只已经消失了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多异常人都想要关系和孩子们 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	味着一只蜜蜂在传递中丧失了路 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以在哪里吃真正的驴子来消灭它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫友谊7的小胶囊里被称为 " 友谊 " 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 做这些事情 , 我没有未来的事情 , 你知道 , 进来 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐败是实践和理论的一个大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我感觉像我跑进了荒野 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学拥有一支良好的教师团队 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	但是 , 一个强大的压力规则可能会把蛋糕带走 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染器决定您最后的渲染器的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花亮了岩石的土地 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	这个项目只为那些有苏马尼作为母语的母语项目 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	亚当和埃登的花园里与上帝交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	平平的母亲是地区护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专门把假针放到我的静脉里 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请按照合同修改您的副本 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说他的朋友在转桌子里有信心 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她很高兴地用索布斯打开了声音 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道如何快速才能得到热呢 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他喊起来 , 跟他走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩上建造沙尘 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是爆破的房屋泡沫的最后一个盖子 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果听起来很好 , 请问如果我能看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在星际上 , 有些单位有瞬间袭击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这个新的疼痛药不会长时间在疼痛上行动吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们可以假装这是两个正常人之间的第一个日期吗 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	后来我发现世界是充满受害者 , 有些人说不了 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦这些完成完成你可以使用你的树木 , 让垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 还有年轻人愿意为诗人表达而骑 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它显示了所有从头部和饺子里的所有信息...
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海上交易史的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	在第1部分中 , 您学习如何创建一个obex服务器应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个情况下 , 它是一个好的计划 , 我们不应该是npick 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	通过实现详细的实现 , 分开测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你并没有意识到你生命的一部分 , 它会变得多少 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	放置更小的坚持交叉 , 使乳化效果更加明显 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他突变了nun , 然后把它变成一个闭环 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	几minis通常是语言、语言和写作的好处 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我为啤酒付了 , 所以我在最后一个瓶子上打电话 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你 , 我希望我回到加拿大 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	你需要计算多少时间的分配时间 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	可是明天晚上没有 。 你下一个自由的时候 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	马里骨站被包装在家庭边界通讯机上 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	不要离开 , 当她穷 , 病 , 还是不美 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	让我们今天决定不要收集贪婪 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性和构建有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和对照组有异源性和异常摄入 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 与匈牙覆盖的2个独立属性 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机越来越受欢迎 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它交给瓶装水工业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	飞行天堂谷的春天演习 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信中说过 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把握手的话 , 可以导致15年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一条柔软的河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今晚工作清理了事情 , 所有人都清理了 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请把那堆半圆形的砖子传递给我 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男人吓了这个国家寻找失去的孩子 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	贵西市石西编译委员会办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁是神破坏 , 我们数字1做疯了 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一只白痴在hab和他的鲸鱼之间 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对我来说 , 个人来说 , 我真的可以看到两个双方的硬币 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多棉花植物 , " 男人回答道 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 来使你的性生活更加兴奋 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	由于电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个节目 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	孩子和青少年经历的抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在 , 唐代的僧侣徐宗在哪里 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ? ! 可能 。 或者你 。 好吧 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	otaku的媒体通常是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	温文在2010年12月练习她的背向交叉 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这里的单位是什么 ? 我们写12.011 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:研究brusmollis的组成部分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安东尼在一个大规模的项目上去了 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	而且它深化了家庭和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	这个方面 , 卢克的作品发生了很多的讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	饮用水标准持续提高 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 可是 , " 达林斯女士说 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我很快把所有的袜子都洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝手回来 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题 , 中国的民事控制军事 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	圣诞旗将被定制为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	菲律派是整个退休中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺04 , 5 。 我不知道怎样感谢你们的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	我今天做得太多了 , 我跑了脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	该公司并没有在文件中说 , 银行贷款了这笔钱 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	在大约一半小时之后 , 我意识到我真正需要快速 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 最后 , 如果我们记得我们的不同 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	莱奥:现在 , 如果你只是跟我跟着我去伦敦 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生命 , 这样的爱你 , 我一直在梦想 , 长期以来 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 穷人很容易 , 因此生活得很快 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最近5天的天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	马康是一位好朋友 , 一个独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种基本的情绪 , 具有特征的面表达式 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	跳过死亡 , 和机会 , 以及时间 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个popuptp会告诉你 , 是否是在或离开 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理暴力的话 , 这些事情可能会改变 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄志是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他被朋友给了一个标签 " 游戏男孩 " 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	同样对我来说 , 他永远会结束他的生活 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指插入混合物中 , 然后把手指插入混合物中 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	加勒比亚水也有很好的防水 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	夜间的深度 , 一个恐惧的警报声响起来 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们愿意在很长的夜晚之后才能看到早晨的光芒 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	多东广泛应用于春秋时期 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	法官赫德森的决定是否会在呼吁上诉上举行 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我觉得这会有帮助 。 你是最好的 , 你知道吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们要做到这样的努力来修改我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	看起来没有人会想到 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao关于姨妈和蒙妮卡的病人 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	很好的思维认为类似 , 但愚蠢的几乎不相同 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	许多脚痛的人只能通过减肥 , 才能得到缓解 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不会像他们一样画 , 但他们永远不会像我一样画 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制和自我抑制这样的理性基础 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 , 避免眼睛接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	这个团体根据佛教宇宙学建立并安排 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	决定张沈和秦日的关系 , 共同高兴 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	运行者在最快的运行过程中丧失了超过3%的重量 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	这个星期的和平会谈在这两个方面之间是几乎崩溃的 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	导电活化能量与变性之间存在着一定的关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑大约是25%的 , 比以后的同性直肠 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看着太阳在东方升起的太阳 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	岳阳山断裂是海源断裂区东段 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将在自杀阅读他的文章 , 哈姆死了 , 病了 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	在刘阳只有一个实践点 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	镇中心是一对20英尺长的金属盾牌 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	与avalokitesvara数字一起 , 总33在中间 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船只在大型海盗船舶上的时候 , 试图逃脱 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他站在几乎宽阔的地方 , 他的大头抬起来 , 转向他们 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但是我觉得这将是李的智慧 , 把你最好的一面放在外面 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	一个爱的丈夫 , 虽然每天我都记得一位女王 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	阐述了抗疲劳的代谢作用及其代谢机理 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来到了可食用蛋糕的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	得到了严肃的行为的必要特征 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道蛋白的功能与其结构相关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18个人分开了我的服装 , 为我的服装而打了很多 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	这是nto同样的事情 , 在1月和6月份有一个不足的领域 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转向齿轮是汽车输送系统的重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	舒适坐在第三号是巴根寺和巴哥达斯 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	帕斯特说 , 它是由含有洞穴和凸棒石粉组成的 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前尚未制造压缩机 , 关键空调组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了为食品卫生提供监测、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	那天晚上十三点钟 , 他们终于回到马丁的宿舍里 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	实际利率折扣必须在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 而且也是世界各地人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要成分:各种芳烃和芳香树脂 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文简要介绍了蒙古地区全球气候变化的概况 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大火通常会在外面吹出窗口 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理有效合同必须遵循重建原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	乐观 , 老虎总是为新鲜的挑战感到兴奋 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多达尔文人在那天晚上隐藏的细胞里逃离 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我不怀疑一刻 , 夫妻的诚挚性 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	第一部分 , 本文在权利和权力的角度 , 提出了公司在权利和权力方面的观点 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈到改变它 , 但恐惧只会被视为神经 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你在病时煮草本并留在内部 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18英里的绿色费用和周末费用 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	几乎每个新公司都抱怨提高种子资本的困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	林顿回答说 , 我不愿意从你那里进一步建议 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我有胃痛 。 我觉得今天午餐吃了一些坏食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	很好的摩擦 , 史密斯先生 。 我是阳光来访 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个鞋子已经落下了 , 邪恶的面具 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	10:23在这个城市里 , 当他们说服你时 , 逃进另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们看看wpi的机器人工程项目的课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我觉得这是我送来的 , " 他补充道 , 解释了员工 。
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我就没有权利 , 把自己放在上面 , 因为他正在忙碌 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	火车充满了繁荣 , 由于夏天的气候 , 在节日的情绪 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元 , 买一张桌子 , 用孔子来买 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	每个美国存款共享的收益达到1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人惊讶的是caesar死了 , 有些人受到了荣誉 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	在历史和永恒之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢某些 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	发现还揭示了男性快速竞争女性合作伙伴的男性 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改进了核心和人员文件管理的规则和规范 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红色叙述:你可以争论他会做到 , 以便携带卫兵 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天有很好的 , 请再次看看我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数以万计的军事交易员在枪击和训练中 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和黄金海岸环境经济类空间票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 一个艺术家的概念 , 空间发射系统爆破了 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc具有比氧化物阴极更均匀的工作功能分布 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	许多琼斯的老朋友加入他的团队 , 还有一些新的朋友 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法被称为 " 点击主义 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想理解儿子和父亲彼此相关的事情 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家正在进行采样 , 以理解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只要允许她如此在载车里的那个尺寸 , 就允许她如此浪费 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	在程序之后 , 编辑的效果可能使你忘记你所指导的东西 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	他稍微地摇晃着 , 冲着 , " 是的 , 那是我的女孩 。 "
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	用一些盐和胡椒切割鱼肉 , 把鱼肉加入块中 , 用一些盐和胡椒 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司专业生产宠物核心 , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	几年之后 , 罗斯月亮在雷切尔 , 她终于发现他与她一起爱 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 得到的是无意义的 , 给出的是t5 。 第1.7 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	" 改变 " 指通过深化改革 , 解决员工的潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人驾驶完美的汽车时 , 没有人责备汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户也可以在语言中选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是一个泡沫的球迷 , 你就可以尝试盐水替代 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	所以现在听到了这一点 , 你就冲了 , 喝醉了 , 可是不喝酒 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳温暖 , 促进所有的vicera和器官 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	解决地下水问题的离子反应有很多方法 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光增强剂在hampoos、soap和面部洗涤中优势 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是饮食、安静和梅里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期公牛市场趋势从2001年出现的趋势仍然完整 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	肉类的鱼蛋白集中是1980年发展的新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把小虾从尾巴拿到头上 , 用鱼虾和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着纳西斯州第一次讲话 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我会买一只婴儿兔子像吴先生这样的小兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始商业 , 他们说 , 让我们分开进程 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你正在浪费一点 , 所以说话 , 很不必要 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实际材料主义和pits理论的本质 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚草坪蒂在首都迪里被喷洒 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶patros绝对想要imbibe所有的本质 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个被称为内存管理单元的子系统 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方周日表示 , 死亡者在射击中升至86人 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物细胞和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是青少年 , 被视为创新和创造力的背景 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议任何与 " 反老年人 " 的话都有反对 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	这篇编辑是由记者写的文章的 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	为了日期 , 今年 , 今年有63 , 595个销售经历了今年的前om系统 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表声明 , 弗雷迪将是我们的一部分 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	另外 , 其他人都用自己的网站来削弱他们自己的使用能做任何他们想要和愿意的事情 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	随后在赛季 , 尽管很好的规划 , 产品开始不均匀运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	对于拉齐人来说 , 对于前锋来说 , 时间是一种宝贵的负担 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝绸是很好的品质 , 他们是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始建立你的团队 , 你会在未来的时间很容易 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但是即使如此 , 两个姐妹仍然不能帮助 , 但认为她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕捕捉 , 年度的结果 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	当我进入了turati的杯室时 , 我的嘴里很广泛 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象在未来20年里 , 中国城市化的另一个25000万人 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	你可以在垂直箭头上维持细节 , 以获得锁定的细节 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些地形被称为天城 , 或者 " 自然形成的坑 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球到了第二手 , 你会把它带到风中吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形状的珠子 , 耳朵 , 儿子 , 欢迎订单 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	正如何释放的 , 政府将遵循相关法律 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你认为这是一个非常好的机会 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	twiggy是一个小男孩和女孩 , 她的时候的镜子 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走了路 , 他等待更多的正确更大 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	经过一刻的犹豫之后 , tweener到达了外面 , 然后把手机拿出来 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	一般来说 , 世界甚至更多的新娘世界 , 接受了日志 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	堆积两个1.4x比照片质量的2x更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听音带 , 找出本文的主要理念 , 以及如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素首次被糖尿病所使用 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 不过 , 所有的餐馆都是名人帽子 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:日心有恶魔的身体 , 分支了 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 亲吻他 , 爱他一切心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 您将能够将热栏配置转换为swapecs 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	在基地卢普尔周围有许多驱动过去的橡胶房地产 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	范达·约奎姆是新加坡的民族花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合张国胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	黄山医学植物的调查研究与研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这打败了匿名类型的强类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	孙元文是晚清时期的重要数字 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的未来是界限性的重要社会后果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这意识到很多孩子在这里不能去学校 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	为了完成完成 , 很难把他放下来 , 这是很困难的 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多我们在epa内做的问题 , 或者技术上 , 是在自然上 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个人是来自爱尔德尔县谢里夫的办公室的地下部长 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:请更新我们关于shinhwa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣为什么做了一些泥土 , 把它放在人眼里 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	队长带来了男人注意力 , 作为一般来临 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 , 他忘记他没有成长的年轻 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	您需要将现有的项目加载到整合开发环境中 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	而且 , 在菲尔与癌症战争期间 , 他们将与他一起战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 要避免自定义考试更困难 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	美国酒店在金融危机中找到激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	它是控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	跟踪您需要多少支付保险和办公室供应 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 在收到gg频繁地反映出良好的情绪 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称的受害者的身体 , 例如康复工作在道路上 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志阅读这是一个新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是第三个在讨论夏季三角的恒星的讨论 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在游戏园里 , 他自从演员之后 , 它是错误的劳动 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	利用本厂 , 设计了以下服务定义的数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩破坏了水泥、分支和叶子的溪流 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	让我们首先得到一些咖啡 , 我也喜欢一个三明治 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布莱纳的作品只是在这里的作品 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我称这个意大利的 " 吸引了mesina现象 " 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	直接阅读方向 , 您将被指向正确方向 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但是当政策持有者是抵押贷款的时候 , 应该不同 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计你已经怀孕了多久 , 你的日期 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为某些原因 , 我的意见是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否决定是否还是不要融资时 , 还有很多因素对方 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们在家里有七个孩子 。 除了我外 , 所有姐妹 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它提供了理论基础 , 为使用这个内部特定的推广器提供了理论依据 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出他们的门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术界 , 还有一个印象深刻的春水和秋山景 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	而且 , 他发现了许多草根专家在双方.com上发现了 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我制作了鲸鱼 , 鱼类和鸟类 , 每个尺寸 , 形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人共同意味着 , 最终他们会发现他们的眼睛回来 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评价:并行网没有提供数据本地性 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐馆建议可以通过您的其他朋友来看看 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我正在试图去除许多隐藏 , 就像可能的那样 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	那个美联储生活在鲨鱼身上 。 ( 没有猫 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	屏蔽和草本的邮件显示了您的自定义禁令 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	有些人相信 , 中央政府也有关心 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她通过了一场犯罪场景 , 有人在街上拍摄 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	东端的查普尔项目比大门更快 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有发现的人都会打开瓶子--------------------------------------
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0中 , 引入了许多额外的增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿意释放耶稣 , 再次向他们讲话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗疲劳和调节免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要注册域名和注册程序员注册 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁棒布什为最大载荷支持提供了最大载荷 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南被称为 " 植物王国 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 罗森伯格和罗森伯格在军事涂料里 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 , 4e 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器是配件和适合于无缝的翅膀 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后 , 他将整体变成整体 , 花了下八个小时作为一个尘土人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块卡达奶酪 , 在它里面有一块破碎的袋子 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们第三次来了 , 这是因为ivor在开始时捕捉了一只蟹 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	保持者在冬天之后 , 经常没有找到死亡的成年蜜蜂 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	stiga现在已经经营组合速度和触摸同样的刀片 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	你可能会用n或maxargs来覆盖这个行为 , 或者参数 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	没 , 你可以把他放在整个晚上 , " 我回答道 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	与此同时 , 他们对吸收的敏感性比以前更明显 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有对我的心灵的好作家都值得任何东西 , 都值得重新改变 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	谁 , 对谁来说 , 谁在千年里等着永恒 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会错过机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这是由阿瑟的半姐摩根领导的 , 摩根是一个巫师 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在kelly下 , 西方人在2008年与圣乔治合并 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我叫你 , 因为这个男孩来自你的城市 , 海登博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一幅漂亮的照片 , 甚至我们很高兴回到正式 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	虽然这意味着我们可能会看起来很多不同或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房屋成本与数十亿人民的重要利益有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	提名和八个婚姻 , 在79岁的洛杉矶死于洛杉矶 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野外的竞选负责都是反对波尔克和克莱的 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	这些区域在初步学习序列的初始学习中不同 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的新闻 , 标志着加工和拉皮斯拉祖利 , 填满了一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁裤子的飞行区域 , 然后第一腿的缝纫和海姆 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察宁雪降低桩材料的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	在我们的医院里 , 乳腺喂养小鼠可以在我们的医院里帮助你 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了正确处理批评 , 你也需要正确的处理赞扬 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怕的 。 不愿死 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	因为这只是当我喂养自己的时候 , 我不希望得到奖励 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	穷的巴里停止了一个包装 , 当他的汽车与一辆罗里碰撞时 , 他的汽车就停止了 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	当有人说的时候 , " 我是一个演讲者 , " 这通常是他们的意思 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可在高速公路的高速填充段中应用盐化渣渣灰 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	美国宇航局的飞机飞机飞机望远镜的发现是由美国航空飞机飞机飞机飞机飞机飞机驱动器制成的 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常作品是为了解决煤矿的更大作品 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	针对某些不同受体的辐射和绑定的应用研究 ;
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	它远远远处于这个国家 , 但总是与我一起 , 无论我在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有的情绪都是某种事情 , 都必须忍受生活 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这个项目对很多原因有兴趣 , " 罗克森先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 友谊世界有嫉妒 , 没有什么比爱 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	" 大笑: " 你觉得你是哪里 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔web受伤 , 我得到了我的机会为英格兰打球 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的手指做了一些金属提示 , 学会再次玩 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以在强烈的情况下保持冷却 , 她会注意到 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	随着这些分裂只是飞行在赛季其他的口袋自行车上 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	提高水处理效率 , 也是节约水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	杰里的眼睛在看着城市灯光的时候 , 他的眼睛越来越宽 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开了那里5:00pm , 我们都很快乐 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你怎样找到 " 聪明 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢你组织 , 我发现它最有趣 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是黑绿色、深深、运行一年的一轮 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也会有访问自由的自由教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了认识疾病 , 审查和报告就像以下 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	犹太尼是对的 , 这里的诱惑可以自由打猎和拍摄 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我跳得很好 , 一个牛仔 , " 他很快地告诉她 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	刷新研究和营销运作将是弗拉德先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	同样罕见 , 这使新西兰成为一个安全的地方 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在citigroup上 , 收入下跌28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰仍然坚定 , 通过这些挑战的时间来移动 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	没有好的男人 , 在你的房子里 , 躺在另一个房子里 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	阿巴斯先生说 , 与波威尔的谈话深刻、严重和希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私法的编码应该模拟德国一个 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我把我的生命变成文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 运营系统在组装中手工编码并不可移植 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 您将有一些展示它 , 甚至可能结束在ytube上 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公平场所获得这一点 , 必须避免峡谷离开 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小merid是安德森更为活跃的童话之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	很快 , 婴儿的肿瘤破坏了鸡蛋 , 它被大卫自己看到了 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中文翻译应附加文档和形式在外语中执行 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	林德萨说: " 海军蓝色是一个信任的颜色 , 给我们信心 。 "
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了很难分析绝对莫萨尔基因的基因 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船舶冲洗机器人收集性设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	草坪规划是最重要的主宰手掌握的手掌 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	利用最新技术和过程在制造、办公管理和设计中使用 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回指定协调项目的零基本指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着看到外面 , 开始抓一只鸭腿 , 单独咬一切 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道对服装行业的需求永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	同时给出了关于电力线载波器的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业规模it架构 , 用于链接资源的需求 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年国际大学毕业生总收入增加了12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺不仅是仪式主义和表现 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	伦敦城镇就像东利一样 , 也是一个世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种用于氧化氢的新催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨pts对大鼠焦点脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	ftlauderdalesun-明星对海滩的暴力和流动水进行比较 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	tarpaulin , 可以看到中国各地的地方 , 不仅是非常独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	深入的变化是来的 , 它旨在转换几个生命的phellosophelloes 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏季 , 小鼠一般生活在外面 , 仍然在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	制作皮肤并行转换的关键是控制的侧滑 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一步就是实现连接组件的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个自由的抽屉啤酒在午餐时间购买抽屉啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱官 , 陪审员已经收到了大麻的指控 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	六所美国学校获得了超过2 , 250学位 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须把武器吸入加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我非常满意 , 从2001年到过去的几年里 , 到了过去的几年 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:映射各种abd工作流过几个项目流程 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	每天的交易中世纪的世界 , 从未坚持准备资金 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能滥用和扭伤人士 , 希望得到准确和可信的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgml是世界上最广泛的sgml解析器 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看起来 , 南妮 , 香水 , " 埃利亚人抱着一瓶可口的哥伦酒 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾经试图回答这些问题 , 或者你自己或其他人 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	目录包含最新发布的项目和其描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	自1997年以来 , 它为今年的税收政策设置了税收政策 。 自1997年以来 , 也有一份预期的报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立ninxin胶囊的定性鉴定方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫法检测尿浆尿管分析的方法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他爱尔·亚利斯为他的班级做完全准备 , 仔细修正我们的家庭轨道 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	女士加加格:为了我要成为...小怪 ! ! !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活的生物跑步 , 回来作为闪电的出现 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们以各种法律学家和法律学家进行交易 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	当posson比为零时 , 得到了位移的精确解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响最大5个友好目标和5个敌人目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然希望只能看到迟到的写作观众 , 脚本写作观众 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个微笑 , 一个相当的多尔基微笑 , 但是有一个微笑 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小化惩罚 , 可能有助于防止烧伤的薄材料 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合隔离系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的洛布丁·安克尔靴子提供了她成为著名的高时尚边缘 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高固醇水平可以影响睡眠、重量和免疫阻力 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果编辑者中心理问题的发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划出版一系列古典版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	由胸部木制成 , 所有的块都是由樱桃木制成的 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品已经被编写成了一系列收集的jatsungi的艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进鳄鱼 , 只是用你的靴子打击它们 , 你想抓住我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢做什么时候 , 你更可能做得很好 , 成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的注意力对我来说 , " 如何把这些邮件中的一部分放在一起 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache在过程列表中 , 这可以做一个滑动测试来尝试ping本地主机 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是个好奇的 , 如果每个评论都离开了2:08 , 那就必须是一个线索 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁·费斯特尔 , 一位宇航员 , 在他的眼睛里得到了肥皂 , 开始撕裂 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , td数字手机在技术上可行 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将为您提供一些查询或参考视图、食品、住宅 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左派民主党的恩科·信塔说 , 暴力必须被探索 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:好吧 , 这是个...好吧 , 让我教你 。 另外一个等于两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文以传统语法学家制作的研究为基础 , 进一步发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help改进 。 因此 , 它是中国的基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻将会有一个梦想 , 但是这时刻的研究 , 你会解释一个梦想 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我提到的那样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要 " , 如果你可以直接做一些事情 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问和那个男人说 , 他是刚刚玩过的 , 只有在一年里没有测试过 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	男人回答说: " 哦 , 这是他的母亲 , 她想成为一个医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	好的 , 这是一个看法 , 但它是一个蒸汽的观察 , 这就是让所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	蝴蝶 , 飞行在德拉周围 , 说: " 你能在空中闻到春天吗 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我扫过上帝 , 我将把你从这个房子里扔出去 , 永远不再看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每当你触摸你的脸部时 , 你都会用肮脏和石油 , 可以登录垃圾 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	第一行将由塔拉成员设计 , 包括他们的写作和照片设计 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果申请人在附件中没有表示的数量 , 则不应申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebay声称 , 预防欺诈的工作比其他付款服务更好 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同的tnm阶段的相关系数是0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃正确的话 , 你说的任何东西都可以用来反对你在法院的法庭 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 由m50烷基的存在导致检测的干扰 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	愿你依然坚强 , 继续为我们祈祷 , 大多数荣誉的耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	你也可以设计自己的模块 , 因此webmin总是可以适应您的需求 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	经销商通过usb电话或头部调用电话来打电话 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们希望解决我们国家的问题 , 以及几十年的关系 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有很多方式 , 我觉得我们需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转了四十五岁的时候 , 她发现勇气离开 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在面试结束时 , 没有更多的伤害 , 没有一个问题 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	悬崖上有可调节肩带和层干燥的声音 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba可以在sn病变后提高hsp60的表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	梅丽摇头说: " 我不认为他们还是怎样生活了 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实的案例是一个23岁的男子 , 来自西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单个旗舰产品与潜在集成到scm套件的其他方面 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿祖兹 , 欢迎新星期的cnn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次 , 约翰流到香港 , 他太病了 , 他必须使用空气病袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我从垃圾里走出时 , 它被覆盖在鸡蛋里 , 粘着的垃圾里 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听报道 , 了解景观 , 插入耳朵 , 然后先走 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	让耶和华看见它 , 使他离开他那里 , 他从他那里转过来 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组显著低于其他人 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做些很好的话 , 无论如何小 , 庆祝他们只是在月球上登上了 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	图形类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请打电子邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你远远远超过你了解的爱 , 就像几天的日子一样生长 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的捕捉者 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	用 " 我被挫折 " 的模式来表达自己 , 当你感到僵硬的时候 , 你就会感到自己 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我的父母说话和行为就像 " 老孩子 " , 常常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	巴菲洛在我们共享的材料中提供了许多注意力 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国2007-2009年的经济衰退仅仅两年前出现了美国 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 除了大碗 , 直到大小两倍 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们倾向了这个想法 , 说迪兹先生只想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	我们之间的东西不能隐藏 , 陌生人的手重在你的心里 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续走向南撒拉 , 已经成为灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 今晚你会穿上你的心 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们的真正的命运 , 我们不会独自找到生命的意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	杰姆看起来很快醒来了 , 他把他的戴尔加入了 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	种子只是一个在普通金鱼的花园里 , 只有一个奇怪的变化 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	不断的音乐 , 静静 , 扔去 , 寻求螺旋连接它们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	怎样才能一边 , 被问朱小水是个小羊毛 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙是恐怖的 , 激励他们的翅膀和呼吸的时候 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你珍贵的小时可能更好地花费考虑你是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人广告他们的服务 , 称为scort服务 , 在互联网上 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们增加了人工智能 , 我们就可以发现设备是否快乐 , 就像一个垃圾一样 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	此外 , 2/84例并不能被rsca检测为穷的pcr结果 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	除了你之外 , 我会生活在我的生活 , 只要你穿过天空 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 但是我不知道 , 同时我认为人们真的很有趣 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在雅典制作 , 510-490英亩 , 来自意大利福利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅记录了一段时间 , 将被知为 " 烹饪 " , 就像我能做的那样 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦的年轻植物和草是最好喂养nymphae 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	如今 , 越来越多的人在国外学习 , 返回并非如此流行 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最后 , 人群的轮胎 , 他只是在轮胎上玩笑 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	正如我们所有人都知道 , 中国在1840年的鸦片战争开始了谦虚现代化 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰布·威尔金森:一个人只有一次生命 , 但是历史才能记住你永远 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 热将海水沿岸推进进 , 会遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.科恩的教学和它的预言是在那个悖论上进行的 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年代末 , 一些npo已经意识到营销可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	作物科学家jesss低档bodeer说 , 这帮助当地农民与他们有关 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说 , " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我觉得很糟糕 , 听到这条路 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	硝酸盐是zhelin湾溶解无机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一个肝过滤器去除最大的热原子 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果你决定有更多的特征丰富的数据库 , 您必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻花 , 可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	kra不能直接应用到不确定的数据 , 因为不确定的数据具有概率 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请送您的恢复 , 预计薪酬和照片通过邮件发送 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李白说在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是一个非常好的培养 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但是可能你想在大屏幕上看到它吗 ? 也许在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持强壮和强壮的米恩 。 他的水瓶在他的袋子里被炸了 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流网站 , 城市的危险更高 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合防御中有过渡的犯罪形式 , 也存在了过渡的行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 人类观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	小心的检查证实 , 无论什么都没有吹嘘 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时间 , 这将适用于削减视觉设计或帮助麻烦 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	不管我去哪里 , 杨州的小吃将永远不会留下我的心 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接的增加速度是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	这里希望他的作品更多的翻译成英语 , 很快请 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中的癌症表现为圣经性分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	飞行是向个人计算机输送飞行鱼 , 微芯片是什么 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	今天我们的老师们又把我们的老师放在一起 , 马上跑起来 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	与不同神经根缺陷相关的物理检查结果 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	残疾 , 耐药膝疼痛 , 满足以下标准的两者 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全是美丽而清洁的 , 植被丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	你可以空气干燥的体育勇气 , 延长湿润的织物的生命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	寒冷的冬天并没有影响夏季爆发的趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	例如 , 在西康 , 许多问题已经在这个领域中流行 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	几分钟的拍摄指标是很难文化的 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个转换器活性pixel的提示重新存储技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案简单 , 使用反例来找到答案 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:测定北石膏综合征营养成分 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄龙燃烧的火龙回到南宋时期 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	cusidhe是很大的 , 黑色绿色的家伙从年轻的土地上走出来 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印一个可解析的特征列表 , 指定插件提供 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思维、语言和运作的一种材料形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人经常被打败 , 被迫生活在监狱类似的条件下 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	销售中一个进入层次的位置 。 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的旅行过程中 , 我们已经学到了我们访问的所有地方 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这个美丽的地方 , 它叫做土斯康尼 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那时他也许会用水洗净她 , 把她洗净在话里 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	怎样克服我的老自我自我自我自我自我心理 ? 非常激动 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	直到深圳大学开始之前 , 有两个星期的时间要少 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	橡胶霜 , 用于加热 , 更容易被皮肤吸收 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	堆积的堆积物 , 站在身上 , 它的肌肉痉挛 , 然后倒下来 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了让自己做到实际上 , 我最喜欢的是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一个步骤将是将该系统添加到主要地区的地铁 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国 , 8%的孩子收到了正式的教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸爸被诊断为hellos生活的主要原因 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 巴黎的第二个最高位于欧洲的第二个 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	在房子修理期间 , 我们住在下一个门口 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	根据编辑机构的编辑 , 新闻并不坏 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的一个对象是模拟电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehboob作为一个项目经理 , 当她是为妇女而工作的时候 , uzmamehboob作为一个项目经理 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基墙纸生产的研究和生产 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们为蓝球替换红球 , 看孩子是否能注意到的 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	大威将战斗玉蜀地震继续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为头发纤维的外部雕塑层被破坏 , 所以也是因为头发纤维的外部雕塑层 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、氨酸、糖尿酶、糖尿酶等化合物 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经摧毁了阿根廷的5个 " 超级颜色 " 的袭击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	应力剪切器的应力小于内部相互锁钉 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	本炉用于anshan铁和钢铁 , 作为示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国对总统法官选举制度的改革实施了5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体放松 , 感觉紧张消失 , 但不要睡觉 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月的沉默之后 , 有很大的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们曾经拿起他们的网络的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的警卫 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	问答 , 问题 , 没有偶然的发生 , 两者之间有一个流行的链接 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	这之后的原因是 , 产品似乎具有较高的蛋白质水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	azo是由电子束蒸发在k9基础上存储的 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个调查站是我投票的地方 , 在我的电子信息卡上列出来的 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc绝缘和pvc剪切精细钢丝电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术广泛应用于水处理工业中 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当罐子充满时 , 它将填充在所有的空间中 , 然后把塑料紧固 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马尔摩塞厨房里 , 彼得准备猴子日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	黄金apt寻找世界 , 人类的大朋友难以寻找 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	本文还描述了消除方案、控制条件和清洗结果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大多数星期的一天 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮摩擦理论是动态心理学的关注 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激动的o2分子氧化了溶剂中的自由基 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	詹娜:澳大利亚指责一家中国餐厅烹饪科拉斯 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的同步操作符是一个重要的结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	好吧 , 如果我有这个选项 , 我真的很喜欢去学习语言学校 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 个人在突破之后降低自我概念清晰度 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今晚的组织在绿色的屏幕上发出了新昆虫的温暖空气 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由拉伸塑料布置绝缘 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	同时引起了越来越多的时候 , 如梅克里xian地面 , 荣耀的yi射击 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金和资金 , 为救济和灾难救济 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布的形象的影像 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	在完成测试后 , 候选人将收到他们的测试报告表单 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱的时候 , 鱼自身飞行 , 成为形式的全球 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了如何使数据结构大 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的9个点是通过900个简单的引用和参考来编号100个 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我很喜欢稍后留下来 , 但我妈妈会把一个适合我不会回家 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那儿时 , 你认为的第一件事是 " 哦 , 这个地方令人惊讶 。 "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 恐怖的性暴力在每个村庄周围都发生了地方 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	时候 , 也许两个星期 , 你会准备为一个目标准备好 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	讨论了颗粒双分形频率分割的特点 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	例如:基于高分辨率图像组件的报告将在高质量印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱情不会相互融合 , 而且期待在同一方向上一起 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染的大源泉 , 也是其受害者 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么 ? 实际上我躺在那里 , 当我说答案在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们很快就会发现我们的表现在我们曾经在会议之前 , 我们就会很快地找到 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	沃尔诺特·克里克只是在奥克兰外面 , 爱苹果产品 , 而且有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说: " 他们倾向于挖掘海湾 , 在那里 , 石油正在占领海洋的地方 。 "
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试很有趣 , 因为stringbuffers优化为执行快捷的应用程序 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后 , 你可以创建有帮助的检查列表或其他文章 , 因为人们可以下载的pdfs 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待完美的事情 , 你会等很长时间等待 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	查看有访问网站的人 , 你将会在人群上 。 aspx页面的人 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显得很稳定 , 但更加精心 , 感谢你对我感到十分重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	在某些情况下 , 是的 , 然而 , 专家说 , 内在的怀疑主义生活在一起 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年苏哈托从苏卡诺成为印度尼总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅可以从水中走出鱼 , 而且它们也可以在土地上旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	这个男孩把苹果扔了下来 , 他已经偷走了 , 把苹果剪掉了走廊 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为一种新的方法 , 红外跟踪技术在土壤侵蚀研究中广泛应用 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还通过 " 基因组移植 " 转换了一种细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	与我的nikon50mf1.4相比 , 它足以比较 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少一半的日期率将双倍的符号间隔时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那么你为什么哭了 ? " 鸟问道 , " 你是让我湿了 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自那时16年以来 , 战争继续延伸 , 但相对较小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上是个很伤心的事情 , 因为我真的像米歇根州立大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争对手: " 我密切地看着我的竞争对手 , 很多尊重 。 "
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但是多比必须来 。 多比必须保护哈利波特 。 要警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	本和他的室友们一起回家 , 晚些时候就有很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择阅读每个词 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	而且 , 一个无法律的阿富汗可以再次成为基地组织的基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	同时 , 我所有的团队员都是勇气的 , 类型的 , 在衣室里 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 就像自杀的 , 在生命保险的情况下 , 我们必须排除某些原因 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢土豆 , 等于把头放在混合器中 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以通过不到五个程度 , 把水卷掉郭的金属 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	马吉说 , " 我知道 , 但只有一年一半远离毕业 。 "
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使只在寻找一只残酷的狮子时 , 不要穿着像一个不制造的床子 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它到达塑料板上 , 肉滴在骨头上 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	洪水树木之间的植物通常为鱼、蟹和龟 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	锅炉2030年不需要修改 , 以满足新规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满欢乐和希望 , 祝福上帝希望我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年 , 我们从重庆市的重庆地区有30个市长 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能阅读它 , 它并不会对你有什么访问 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 在各种问题上具有强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	指定ihr联系点在总部或区域水平上 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我觉得我们在一个更长的趋势下 , 或只是一个下行道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但是 , 这种效果太不具体 , 很少会导致清除和分泌转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无需说这是一个欢迎的梦想 , 但是它仍然不太有趣 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高回滚的座位设计适合一个长达120磅的孩子 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一个目标 , 他将做一个优秀的学生体育总裁 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了188年无锈钢的腐蚀和消除方法的原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说 , 她在考虑一旦居民被允许搬回 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以把那个古老的日记丢掉 , 或者打开一个单词文档 , 然后尝试 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持球形状 , 满足不断释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尔·贝里亚的故事 , 来自新泽西的新泽西 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	而且我会喂到奴隶的块 , 即使你们 , 穷人 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3别人从索尼下载ps3安装程序 , 保存它作为其他人 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	其他437例扫描和2077年控制同样的结果 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到你的会议 , 那么你有更多时间做准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了不同背景的中国女性生活状况 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	它只是在你的淋浴头背后 , 所以你甚至不会注意到它在那里 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择自己的生活和比尔盖特的生活之间 , 那么它是一个诺贝尔的大脑 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球和弯曲性能和高电绝缘性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	范围上 , 志愿联盟的原则导致农民的出现较低 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波雷达最高位置模式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明了一般的历史趋势 , 这就是人们吸引的东西 , 没有人能防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经常说服很少人来看看我 , 我必须保持任务 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	利用生物固定膜滤波器对硫化氢的控制是经济有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的人格的不同侧面在全身拍摄时 , 穿着荷兰公路 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	对于员工和企业之间的员工来说 , 企业在第一次获胜后应该成为员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后 , cicseci连接工厂供应cics服务器的连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladesystem向管理台提供了层次和相关的基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦领土为晚期战争状态 , 秦统一中国在北部的县后 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员提供了能力处理更少的系统的请求 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了 , 这就是对象说答案已经得到了 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息共识获得手指印刷和手指模式的印刷 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	洪水统治者对三峡坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然成年人的四分之一 , 可能比预计的时间要长得多 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	因此 , 我们继续保持中期趋势的印度股权 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标签 ( 或l-标签是由通道分配问题激励的 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维在增加程度之后 , 取消糖 , 取消蛋白处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含了推进器的主要结构的基本特征 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	在石英管炉中进行了碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	amethyst帮助学习卡马的频率 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用饲料酒精液建立酒精液的酒精肝障碍模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	它保证了夏季的许诺季节 , 也是最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法研究了沥青氧化物的氯化平衡性 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜂窝技能是一种活跃的防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展验证协议可以支持许多认证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们滥用了他们的力量 , 欺骗了人民 , 因此在群众中引起了强烈的不足 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型从psd到rtfs , 被接受并下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	钱雪森是最伟大的科学家之一 , 他们对科学造成了巨大的贡献 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当ed发现时 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕获几个关键成员的卡特尔 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地发现他20岁的女儿在回家学习后穿着他们 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	林于1925年回到中国 , 作为北平州职业艺术学校的主要工作 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果312个月患者随访3个月 , 所有患者都获得满意的结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 帕德鲁斯基和左手一起走下来 , 开始填满底部 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前操作符适用于现有文件 , 后者重写现有内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	可获得马氏体变换量随着这些因素的增加而降低马氏体变换量 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 国王在一百八个荣誉的女子中称之为 " 孙武 " , 训练他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	福金字以下为 " 福岛东海水 " 字 , 应用同样的过程 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉弟弟只有那个目标是一个人 , 他正在做出行动 , 威胁他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:女王在宫里举行正式婚礼午餐 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的正的意思是 , 国家和其他人不应该有能力 , 并且没有选择侵犯 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	安装之后 , brea将成为橙色县最大的太阳能用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	周二 , 冰岛火山仍在爆发 , 虽然云下降 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	甚至还有助于把皮肤放在皮肤上 , 水化皮肤 , 因为我有很干燥的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	只有在道路上只有马克红尘暴雨的时候 , 交流云才会到最后 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	很快或稍后 , 波浪就会沿着下来 , 打击我们所工作的那么困难 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党和人民的基本利益 , 贵族专业美德是根据党和民族的基本利益 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们也可以鼓励他们的员工捐赠他们的时间到当地的企业家俱乐部 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们正在与你相匹配的团队在1500年之下 , 平均ms太太平均得很好 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街摄影师四个美妙的营销理念 , 营销方式力量不可调 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这小飞行将是短期的星星 , 对称形状 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女人在城市的阴影中留下了铁窗铁 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育产业是西方教育的重要影响之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	路易斯 。 一个火星随着生命 , 一个有浮动的火星 , 生活的岛屿 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样也有詹姆斯和约翰 , 泽比的儿子 , 与西蒙合作伙伴 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持进入先锋战役 , 随着ellenpau杀死孩子 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月从亚洲电影制作者的电影制作中获得了新脚本 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们携带禁人倡导宗教自由和唱 " 我们应该克服 " 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他只是在观察一系列的直觉冲动 , 甚至对自己来说都是不可思议的 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	作为功能材料广泛应用于汽车中 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是一个自由的福音 , 多比来救哈利波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇到不到的话 , 虽然很好 , 但可以陷入大量的猎物 , 强度和闭合 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过老镇 , 看着一个很古老的房子被拆除了 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	当你走进门时 , 你看到的第一件事 , 我们的小朋友来自人类学 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	虽然某些虚拟需要立即注意 , 但是你的参与并不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	价格风险在非交易组合中出现 , 以及交易组合 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 例如高s/n、良好的平衡性和非水平性 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	这就导致了摩西出生的帐户 , 他对尼尔河的曝光 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚有武器破坏 , 以防我们使用 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	随后 , 日本当局的调查证实 , 老师已成为台古 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要更好的生产力方法 , 这样你可以与其他共同的项目合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可以在新的和现有的解决方案中心项目中重用 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有鲸鱼 , cetaceanbiltng比新鲜的东西更可爱 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右键点击右键的角度 , 左键单击控制斜角和顶角 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	扬子走到宫殿里 , 由薄而弱的马推动的一条破碎的载体 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为了促进当地的食品文化 , 采矿本地菜为本质提供了良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空接触的统计断裂性质 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	数据库资源可以使用jdbc和记录级访问访问访问访问访问访问 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpcs的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院子里的仆女听着你仍然听着乔杰安吗 ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 如果有些人熟悉佛的十二个死亡 , 佛教的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在这里是我们发现的好消息 , 其他的腿不需要在所有之后删除 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨小肠道ct诊断肺肿块的价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字maefidei的教学是海洋保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港贸易开发委员会执行董事fredericklam , 香港 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这看起来 , 是我收到的遗产 , 现在已经被送到我自己的孩子 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用一种称为重力透镜的现象检测远程星系 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了星际星系的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何在phd论文提出的基础上进行小说搜索 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说他们喜欢通过消除空间消耗轮胎的设计灵活性来消除设计灵活性 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特征之一是处理多种语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你急忙把你的女儿打开杯子 , 她在泪水中断了下来 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑注:这个故事的原始版本错误了马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	木材在各种内容和事实上被用作设计中的主要材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	收集的钱被用来建立一个零星 , 进入体育场 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转过来 , 把一群当地的战斗员放在附近的道路块上 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间卧床紧紧靠近窗户 , 而他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文描述了cjk200自动吸引和排放变换器的开发和测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人也坐在室外 , 享受凉爽的夜空 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超字符串的奇妙特征在于它们只能在10个尺寸中振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	当人们在仓库俱乐部的商店上 " 拯救 " 的时候 , 我总是很困惑 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	比尔科尔毕业于1968年华克森林大学 , 开始为pete染色工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·曼纳德和保罗·梅纳德 , 男子的硬件超级器的父亲和儿子 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	多年级的铸件筛选和性格进展是我最喜欢的两个新添加物 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们开始在酒店酒店里喝一杯鸡尾酒 , 自由汽车 , 然后它打开了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	西欧10%的失业率预计将在1995年中期打12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有以下标准都必须满足以下标准 , 以便有所考虑的是可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	如果我们继续运动自己生活在我们学习的话 , 上帝就会增加我们的研究 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港报告中艾滋病感染已积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 个体大脑细胞会反应一个发音 , 但不再是另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	证明19:29个企鹅被准备为模具制备 , 打击愚蠢的背部 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	接下来 , 提出了直接序列和混合dsth来促进irma 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了三位物理学家作为 " 光 " 的主人 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符之外 , 除了字符之外 , 则不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉frisky , 你在工作之前有八秒的时间 , 你知道在哪里找到我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	但事实上 , 我们都知道 , 每次时间都少于50毫米 , 心里的精度很差 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh的血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密的、超级的女孩 , 我肯定他会在这里享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器也使用在启动平台上监测虚拟启动和正确的继电器 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热锅和小橄榄油 , 加入兰花辊 , 轻轻棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	atb广泛应用于国内外 , 但很少在国内使用 , 对于atb的研究只是在我国开始 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以他们用所有的 " 丈夫 " 和 " 胡夫 " 把你的房子吹下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm有超过50个不同的程序 , 促进美国的工作平衡和银行超过30个 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是 , 随着美国和传统的欧洲电力制造商的发展 , 可能存在问题 , 就像美国和传统的欧洲电力制造商一样 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国保留权利 , 修改这个术语和条件 , 没有任何先前注意 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到了灰色背后的靴子 , 就像他在赫敏前走下来的那样 , 他就听到了 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	音乐 , 池塘 , 呼吸 , 新鲜的泪 , 一个液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	贡献插件通过xml定义特定值实现此合同 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府理解这一点 , 以及党 , 最有意义的资产阶级感觉到它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 异常染色体imay是肺的腺癌特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可以选择石头所有的颜色 , 或添加一个或两个离色的石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我在全国各地竞选 , 为我的丈夫和其他候选人 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	任何预测的协议和标准都在讨论下 , 但没有达成共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我会有兴趣听到更多的东西 , 我们应该在评估评估中进行什么价呢 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	此外 , 这个党比今年11月至少一个国会更有机会 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	对于lan/wan连接来说 , 建议每个包的音频框架下设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化和存储时间的影响显著 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 正如我们可能会称之为它们 , 两者都是可汗的包含和渗透的一分钟 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 除了洋葱外 , 奥巴马先生还没有把它的酒吧放在所有地方 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有这些都需要做事务信息 , 这就是amqp交付的 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	切口的血和汗 , 泥浆和火焰的激情 , 在滴水的颜色上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , spandex产业繁荣将继续上升 , 联合国持有将有利于 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后 , 最优化的rtl将美联储到代码生成器中 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	特罗伊·杜马斯 , 美国奥林匹亚 , 第三位于484.25分 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是在非洲的肥胖蚂蚁的情况下 , 这种描述可能超过一个隐喻 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	如果你正在寻找独立和浪漫 , 你可以在巴哈马的外部远程岛屿 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组的风险检测率高于年轻组 , 老组的风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告的故事并非是冷静的 , 而且有些虚假的 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	那是谁 ? 嗯 , 朱哈尔·穆拉德 , 这是第一个选择 。 我看到了它 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	所有人都可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他拿出一个胳膊 , 这样她可以看到那个夹子 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我从来没有感觉到过 , 但仍然有那么伟大的 " 工作 " 的感觉 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后 , 他晚上醒来 , 想起他可能雇佣的所有魅力的花园 。
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	一些有用的提示可以比你使用的东西更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我从拉斯维加斯到爱荷华的旅程 , 当时我年轻时 , 孩子和海军...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们叫我 , 因为它显示了他和他带来的球员成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	一天 , 天空将部分和完美 , 珍贵的樱桃会在阳光下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	它被称为蓝印 , 为我们的金融监管改革的蓝印刷 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我在这里有一个真正的 , " 直到学校 。 "
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	这个星期 , 新世界秩序的战线在世界贸易组织曝光 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	纳贝预测似乎与其他美国经济信号一起出现线路 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文提出了一种可计算复杂表面加工中的铣削力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分讨论了中国外贸理论相对优势理论的角色 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男性的错误都不能单独坐在房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的运动员 , 我常常在没有捕捉任何东西的时候钓鱼 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然肯有了退休西方的奢侈 , 但他仍然承诺到伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战士在中国和西方风格建立私人园林 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但是 , 我们想买的32英寸的模式是暂时出售的 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于计划区西部 , 邻近旅游区和城区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一篇文章 , 解释所有人都需要知道的东西 , 以便使用这个功能 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后 , 人们选择潜意识地选择 , 不意识地忽视研究 , 并且与她的心相关 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当拉菲金迪毕业于高中时 , 他知道他想成为一个工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我将在牙齿里钻一个小洞 , 为了停止疼痛 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这正在设置情绪、有效的过程和adam必须被自我插入 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来临时 , 草坪上没有什么 , 但是蚂蚁抱怨胸痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感风格适用于你 , 意识到降低你的标准将是一个缓解 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学术竞赛将于本周六举行 , 12/11/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平、自由和稳定的发展环境 , " 拉利人说 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	数学家给他带来了不少四个这样的日期 , 开始与1697年开始 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可以为经济增长带来贡献 , 同时也可以反映它 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为有一些自由的答案解决问题 , " 亚洲的k线说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 我们的研究表明 , 为什么开发出了一个潜在的原因 , 为什么它持续 。 "
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹秀为了阻止敌人 , 与1 , 000名男人一起走进城市 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球发布的中国动物的邮票 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子们用水翅膀保持自己在水里 , 当他们学会游泳时 , 孩子们会用水来保持自己 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保持和破坏混凝土基础安装工程来破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸这本书 , 咀嚼它 , 否则身体触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节省时间 , 很大程度上减少你花费印刷和接触表项目的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩被所有的鱼游泳在水库里的水域游泳所吸引 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个董事会在下一个脊柱上看 , 脊柱攻击 , 放短基础 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性视网膜坏死的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	相反 , 丈夫回答道: " 我错过了一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他差不多地说了这个词 , 就像他心里的东西一样 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	tutti执行了一个令人惊讶的假冒 , 把小心的右转到地板上 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 公义dwindles的内部意义是一个外部关注的声誉 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾人民有一个伟大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 杜特先生 !
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	全球范围内 , 全球162亿美元独自在2009年投资 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何 " 街道 " 的东西都是有趣的衣服 , 这些衣服都是很好的工作 。
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它提高了dps , 但是下面的dps , 您的图像不能触发任何bashs 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	坦桑石晶体的无时间色彩使得这一片理想的日常磨损 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	在这里 , 这是一个更现代的例子 , 接下来还是一些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生在那天晚上 , 他必须睡在一个经理6里 , 因为没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山上解释 , 同时 , 老皮革也顺序 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能迫使你的心脏和神经 , 并且静静静地服务你的转变 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇航文件管理器帮助您获得最多的安德鲁德智能手机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	位置直接相反的shingawajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	卡斯告诉说 , 城市问题:马克思主义方法 , 1977年伦敦 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在那个时候 , 我仍然认为为什么有人会如此不合格地想到我的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯板和抽屉都转了出来 , 发现我们没有看过多年的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	所有我珍惜的东西 , 如何影响那些躺在街上的人呢 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布 , 5月份消费者价格指数下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	波浪的运动 , 风的动作 , 地球的动作永远是同一持久和谐的 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机中 , 所以不要辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	总结了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过勤奋的实践和准备 , 他们仍然是学科和专业的 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 从那以后 , 超字符串已经证明了很多复杂的比任何人预期的复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把你的背上推出来 , 你应该把你的胳膊转到旗帜之前 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	此外 , 通知更有助于回答总体问题 , 比详细的问题更有帮助 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个很好的节省 , " 他从罗宾范波西的重要停车 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	银行债券市场股票和交易量占总市场的90%左右 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	本拉登在1990年代投票到破产美国已经一部分取得了 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给别人的耐心和耐耐心的人 , 可以赢得爱和照顾别人的友谊 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们认为在接下来的25-30年里 , 机器人和人类将能够谈论 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融范围也是威胁的 , 高级公民通常被目标 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	几周后 , 肯尼亚人和金牌一起走出去 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死亡中提高了他的朋友拉撒罗斯 , 拉撒罗已经死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六届国会重申行之间有许多创新线路 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:缅甸政府为中国提供任何指示 , 要在康康地区移动吗 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学英语 , 国外学习 , 国外 , 学习 , 嫁给外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	英国的明亮的陨石被发现在英国 , 留下了一条生存的绿色轨道 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在80年代初 , nuonchea是集团的高级生存成员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能会告诉他 , 他真的需要做的事情只是在内心看起来 , 真的是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	michaelleechin晶体 , 皇家安大略博物馆 ; 多伦多 , 加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 1555年 , 她的精神犯罪取得了更严重的转变 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她的死亡的恐惧 , 然而 , 还有一年的时间 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	三十分钟后 , 她带着她第一次记录的歌曲 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	所以 , 毫无疑问 , 皮肤太高 , 缺乏自由和锻炼 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	场景2:建模循环行为集中于迭代行为的建模 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗姆尼 , 英国肖像画家 , 死于昆特利亚 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我的意思是 , 我们正在失去我们的人类技能 , 因为这里的技术在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	然而 , 随着我们继续提高 , 我们的技术应变得越来越透明 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好吧 , 我又进床了 , 五分钟后 , 门上有一个爆炸 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	诗的所有感觉:问大地 , 谁倡导起来和下降 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利能见证他父母在圣诞节时期的婚姻 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	与此之间的唯一不同 , 传统上写的是常规常数的方法是标记的 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期作家学到过 , 就像戒指lardner和舍尔伍德·安德森 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小型仪器通过切口插入 , 去除组织和粘附 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 各种各样的东西 , 比如筛选 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 我认为是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请大量著名的武术名字作为教练和顾问 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	裤子用 " 朱尼 " 写在海尼 , 我穿着那件衣服呢 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第一章结束了所有的快速 ; 战争 , 恐惧和政治又分裂了我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	它可以被腐败 , 因为病毒在内部被腐败 , 所以它正在制作外科蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙山石氧化物的臭氧适合国家标准 , 安全人类 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我正在路上 , 我举行会议 , 有时候在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者将一些新的代码添加到基本kiva3v程序中 , 并使其编译 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只有走鞋 , 我就不能穿裙子或衣服 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他获得了阿尔比的认识和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了对抗stds的性不稳定性程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你曾经发现 , 广场的角落总是很容易损害 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我以为早期极地探索者 , 当我为自己走路时 , 我就想到了 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nu在所有这些事情中感到很抱歉 , 并决定修复天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	并发化疗可能是宫颈癌的主要流行方法 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭顾问提醒父母不要把孩子说成福音真理 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	net.py显示任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量水平 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 交换到中级或高级汽油将删除打击 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是在未来的芯片中 , 科斯的带宽要求可以很大地流动 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计基于虚拟声学的音频辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	稻米、棉、蔬菜种子有时在特殊种子中生长 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活需要时间来欣赏我们周围的自然文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港举行的醒板节和竞争对手 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 罗伦达zezula , 欢迎道歉 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	波兰作家在2003年晚些时候在巴黎举行了80年代 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	十七辆自行车 , 随着风 , 你穿着她穿过漂亮的生命 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	克尔切纳看起来像是放松面对的 , 她就像一个共识的建筑师一样跑 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧化物对我们的身体的细胞很有毒 , 不要冻结你的 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但是我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的来源不会基于这个葡萄牙的方式 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 好吧 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个男人走进教堂 , 然后再来了 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事情 , 我只是不想写任何故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在三个安装中 , 是来自中国写过的人们的外部报告 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文中提出的文档文档文档文档文档中 , 文档文档文档是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	天鹅再次升起来 , 站在一个圈子里 , 等待他们的劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中写了这篇文章 , 真的是事故发生的 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我跪在胸部 , 然后用拳头 , 直到我走出去 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样的是 , 世界上所有出现的例子地区 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫特卡伊说 , 如果希望与伊朗的关系 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变其行为 " 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你可以简单地设置宽度200 , 高达45 , 然后接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个可以用于工作、娱乐和娱乐的表格 , 通常只能翻过来 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动循环时 , 它将作为一个真正的轴 , 这个图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	反霍奇主义在英国意义上非常强烈地进入了英国意识 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家已经揭示了当地宇宙最完整的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对于任何查询 , 请在24068050或访问我们的网站上联系我们 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	它可能不像过去的一样闪烁 , 但对于平均工作男性和女性来说更好 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	目前 , 大量其他非洲国家的爆发正在调查 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 每一侧的规则和后排攻击的规则被制定 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	只有你才能有和平和和甜蜜的休息 , 因为你能产生你的身体和灵魂 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种可分解的可分解定理 , 并通过差异的表现理论证明了分解定理 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们旅行了禁区的城市 , 中国皇帝曾经生活在那里 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	许多人相信 , 这是雷米里亚-在大西洋的一座失去岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中建立了无毒性、异源性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	相反 , 几天完成完成 , 模拟的过程只能在第二秒内运行 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	表现并没有联系付款 , 实际上是由市场力量和预算决定的 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	" 我想要保持 , 至少有十年或两年的时间 , " 他笑着说 。
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	一个墙方向 , 我从我的knapsack拿了一本小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华盛 , 北美西北部的一个州在太平洋 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉帕奇尼看起来惊讶 , " 你是什么意思 , 我的女儿 ? " 他问道 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只有在这里找不到饮料 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	骨骼有一个问题 , 我们希望在下周恢复他和种子 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻到我 , 闻着厚的味道真的让人们想吃一点 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你完成了测试你的新动作时 , 关闭hellopp.pli的编辑器 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花一些时间和它一起花费 , 来缓解和思考 , 留下并返回 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	非线性动力学特征复杂 , 外部和消耗 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股每股价值为5.33美元 , 高于前季度5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是有效的实现 , 一些组织如何克服这些呢 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1mcp处理和包装在贮存过程中的应用效果 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的脸颊的嘴巴 , 他嘴里没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在绍兴工作的前面 , 收到信 , 姐妹带着我的心脏 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 它转化出假设 , 标准构建成通常标签 , 可能是错误的 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了在线测量膜厚度的g5动态系统 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	此外 , 该项目还采取存储信息 , 这样它可以用于研究和医学目标 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	通过比较国内和外房地产金融 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文以一类模糊的综合差分方程为研究对象 , 讨论了该方程的工作 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	洪水仍然在上升 , 本周在俄亥俄州的一部分地区 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们的头部 , 外部化和投影的小批评声音 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	过去几年来 , 哺乳动物的核转移已经达到了许多突破 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在某种意义上 , 石油价格正在发挥利率的作用 , 当经济过热时 , 通常会发挥作用 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	西班牙白色石头的吨子在意大利结束了:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上面所有激励人民 , 但有少数老板都有真正的启发他们的员工 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰服装有限公司是您最信任的装箱供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制过遗传学的因素 , 但是有其他的贡献因素 , 你可以控制细胞 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你怎样创建个人品牌 ? 服装男孩网络观点以下点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五十三章是区域麻醉优于一般麻醉治疗髋关节手术 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特征6个开放窗口 , 一个望远镜和性别者 , 以及3个decklanterns !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我访问北京时 , 一位小先生带着一张老师照片给我 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	波斯坦凝聚的是 , 大量相同的粒子占据相同的量子状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	公司说 , 市场上有两种高定义dvds , 导致了与购买公众混淆 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你说 , 他们在想象的途中被称为我们的想象 , 大量的预算电影不再能实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿的亲近朋友和特别助理人员 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把王国当作另一个完全意识的物种 , 没有打猎自己 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	翻译的行为指链接到一个歌曲的行为 , 附加一个150个字符对它的评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不要使用妊娠状况、癫痫、心脏、高血压、脑梗死 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统的动态模型 , 得到了动态方程的数值计算结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些将有助于你进步提高技术 , 内容和当然的体育 , 如果不明显的话 , 你就会有助于进步 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了10w/30qe/cc级发动机油的配方和评价方法 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些工具都需要维护 , 必须在工作周围工作 , 并且如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 , 卡尔德威尔哈德做了一个生活骑着联合国的胶囊酒店的组成 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的中频电源开发电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特·施威茨博士的职业领导他在非洲设立医学诊所 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	通过机械方法、冻结和整体过程 , 经过细胞经过 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章分析了晚清时期对翻译的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	随后的蒸发步骤是通过计算来产生所需的纳米结构 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	常见的放松技术包括冥想、心灵、太极和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个跳跃点 , 您也可以注册a.mobi域 , 它被指定为移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	获得的晶体系统修改了mc公钥密钥密钥系统类 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗地亚 , 我出生在那里 , 曾经是前苏格拉维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于瓷表面装饰和其使用的十字形纸 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分 , 讨论了离散非腐蚀的诉讼价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一个基于碘的对比被注入到血流中 , 看着它周围的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想要把旧的计算机拖起来 , 选项包括回收、回收和捐赠 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文还讨论了分布指数建设和分布检索的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	因为我们有这样的防腐分离 , 直到我们是一个痛苦 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源稀缺 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国各大政策改革都是一项有限范围的审判和错误的过程 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送他无罪的儿子去承受我们所需的罚款的全部破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们找到许多方式 , 尽可能工作这个数学问题 。 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	所以 , 当供应链紧缩时 , 企业家奥哈莫里成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感恩卡斯通常是形状的矩形 , 平方的储备在曼达拉斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	就像它五月份 , 神经毒素与男性的商业比血毒素更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主声箱采用边缘和角角区别的方形设计 , 线线成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	我们bapp.net使用xml来允许多个异步渲染和符合更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时候 , " 佩宁 " 的同时来自迷失的工作人员饮用声音 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特里亚尼尔为患大脑损伤的儿童和成年人提高了资金 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	厨房-一个经验丰富的球员会试图跟随车辆的转换 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	蒂姆米:但我是1 ) 过敏的猫 , 保持猫不会对我感兴趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师定义了使用brm工具的工具和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将超过可能等到这个月之前 , 当他的第二期正式开始时 , 才能做一个移动 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以将一个从bugzilla和另一个来自源控制系统的饲料组合起来 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	kolli说 , 在非洲的马里 , 这种干旱就像没有令人惊讶的气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群泪弹的火焰机理复杂 , 没有一组复杂的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	多孔和基于gpu的系统在这里 , 和今天的编程模式很困难 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	与沈府治疗后 , 有些患者的症状明显改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说太多 , 恩妮斯 , 你们的儿子都是一个理由的咬头 , 我希望我怎么去找你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	此外 , 还有一个基于学生选择的题目的1015页最终文章 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开马米 , 获得了一个好的教育 , 培养了她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以引起你为你的问题而担心别人 , 你可能会感到喜欢在那些错误的那些收入中获得报复 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	前面的法官说 , 即使在凯瑟琳·杰克逊的对象下 , 他也许会批准合同 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们有两个主要的产品类别 , 一个是文件中心应用程序 , 另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师经常告诉我在谈话之后看到病人说 , 很多原因是我曾经受过过过过过的 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二个 , 三英尺长的马在羊毛上有三英尺的rhino:它是广泛的和平坦 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而我宁愿看到一个年轻人祈祷的祈祷者比最常见的罗特祈祷者 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是一个关于通信的arcane手段 , 因为大多数部分应该被废除 。 "
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看到她在香港踢得更好 , 我认为她不会在最后一轮中失望 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	鲍伊尔说: " 从不安全的情况下 , 你知道 , 很长的旅程 , 你就知道 , 去了一段时间 。 "
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	西亚运动员说: " 使用手的明显优势是你总是和你一起拥有它们 。 "
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在一次饮酒会议中 , 他的一名员工笑着说 , 他们应该在他们的日子里放入维生素 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重量损失实际上是一个连续功能 , 因此每个数据应该附加 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	无论是永久的 , 风暴总是给太阳带来了 , 冬天总是会变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	邮票描绘了女演员 , 像泰芬尼的电影早餐一样轻轻轻地在电影中打破 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子穿过我的电话和uhm , 可能叫你 。 所以如果你能 , 请拿你的名字 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	好吧 , 这是墨西哥的哥哥哥哥哥哥哥哥哥 , 尤卡坦正在后面 , 这是古特马拉的机会 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被倾向于世界的价值 , 历史上 , 价值意味着我们的职业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站是聚集站或链路站 , 在某些情况下都有 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	实验很大 , 跳出大量的货物 , 同时也很微笑 , 让它自己 。 尝试错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较两种方法 , 功率特征数法的计算结果比剪力分解法优于剪力分解法 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 如果我是你 , 如果我是你 , 我不会尝试喂这些小的信徒 , 那么他们就咬了 , 还能携带疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	第一次实验研究了dd3单晶的纯剪切行为的研究 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列清洁和智慧的装饰下 , 命令火击中 , 出军 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个议员 , 联合国官员 , 两个违法的副本 , 以及一项法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林 , 使用甲酸甲酯和米斯托斯醇为医疗吸收 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种方式加快非绩效贷款的分配 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来的最后一片建议 ; 不要尝试从什么不存在的事情中提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	讨论矿山爆炸防爆电机的积极电荷的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在研究自行车巷的半途径措施 , 同时允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	李建于1979年9月 , 85名员工 , 根据其网站 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念无限扩展在信息化表达公路上 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议明天早上我们去xxxxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学会如何面对失败或失败 , 勇敢地勇敢地和慷慨地处理 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的熔化模式来处理它们的缓慢的羽毛 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表第二表:药物溶解度、聚合物和填充剂在水和酒精中使用 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 所以 , 当它来吃晚餐时 , " 他说 , " 没有添加糖味 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp也拥有另外一个重要的it活动 , 每年都是用户称为hp电子世界的终端用户 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道新疆被认为是不孕者 , 学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	这个示例是一个ifthen规则 ; 因此 , 如果条件和其相应的行为 , 就会看到 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	它们引入了bitrent支持 ; 浏览器姿态 ; 一个漂亮的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时使用的端点地址只是一个位置符 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	vozda在公司法律执行中提供了一份工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	皮克和休克部队的船只从天空中落出来 , 就像马什那样糟糕的日子 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例dhs内固定术中间骨折的影响 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量可以从样本的单元离散序列数据获得 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉安:如果我告诉她在很漂亮的路上 , 带她一个三明治去做她的快乐吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或高峰 , 或海岸 , 或者指向公园的角色 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说 , " 自我意味着 " 的意思不仅仅仅是精神的剪辑 ? "
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	nasolab角只反映了上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部的特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫斯教练里克·卡里斯勒说: " 我很高兴他 , 我很高兴 。
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	一项新的订单子指数从9月52.8日下跌至52.5 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年申请了一张绿卡 , 为永久居住 , 并且他还没有收到 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	介绍了基于plc的自动控制系统 , 提出了一种基于plc的矿井泵房自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在那些早期的时候 , 它移动了男人 , 它打开了监狱门 , 使使命从成员中取出了任务 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl+c和ctrl+v构建新的实现只需要二秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	schrag说 , 从岩石中释放的海水会随时间增加海平面 , 但并不多 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人从池中跳到池里的人都必须做到几乎完美的水平 , 或者在岩石上被喷洒 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	血清由锚索运送到内纳 , 第一辆穆斯勒拿上了血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱发生在所有年龄的人们中 , 因为一个内在生活的变化 , 以及一个人的机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	袭击的首席嫌疑是美国指定恐怖分子组 , 美国的恐怖分子 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	对于今年你来说 , 今天 , 为你祝福:出现和年轻的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	虽然我们说不平凡的原因是因为任何时候你想到一个 , 总是参考很多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他正在收到30%的篮子 , 只有68%的篮子帮助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备也更为基本 , 涉及更少的槽 , 并且全部处理在3d纸币上 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2 。 环只有与vip客户进行会晤 , 标签其所有者结婚和可靠...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	四月份 , 汽油价格仅增加了3.3% , 而且在过去一年上涨了33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站着 , 走过去 , 和池记者一起跟罗伯特斯捐了他的黑袍 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于俄罗斯的美丽和肥沃的城镇 , 这是 " 中国的摩托车 " 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	强烈的呼吁在课程创新中的主要教师角色的变化 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	镇下的坡度缓慢充满盐盐的盐盐 , 使表面沉降 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成份:小麦胚油 , 花米 , 兰德 , 橙色的花朵 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看看我的脚 , 奶冻冻决定把一双布放在靴子上 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它不分地跳起来 , 打击猎军队 , 把他们扔了一块刀 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是铜牌 , 你是19岁的 , 你还没有达到你的首位 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何合理使用添加剂 , 提高阴极铜质量的方法 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一组尖锐、高精度双功能的剪切机 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一件绝对的君主不想要的事情是他们不想要抵御自己的个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普德瑞士非常高度被认为是全国最好的城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	沈阳地区深圳地区905间 , 金利大厦115号北山道路 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二次猜到自己 , 他们不会谈论自己的东西 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:分析2006年唐山市2006名不确定患者的血液学研究结果 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	垃圾、木板和任何可燃材料必须从热工作领域删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这个正式关系的存在是否给您带来了工作环境的规则 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 涵盖你的战术 , 心理策略是保护操作工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分 , 我主要阐述了生态社会主义的理论和生态社会主义的兴趣 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文分析了音频文件存储格式和音频波形的恢复方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分为橡胶 , 闪过量流动和不可接受的脆化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸鱼捕捉到了一场被松鼠的激烈斗争离开的鲸鱼 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	根据诺亚说 , 财产损害预计在81美元至108亿美元之间 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个商业旅行 , 我明显会带来大多数商业资源项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文学并不惊讶、安排、总结和分析 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球气体的燃烧流体显示核活性 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现上述示例 , 您使用常规表达式来执行更换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	介绍了遥感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	模拟陶瓷 , 直接安全微晶陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们认真地把自己带到另一部分的外貌 , 关注面对面部的关注 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	采用过敏药物过敏抽象法检测皮肤冲击试验的过敏原子 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图片:澳大利亚的珊瑚漂浮在珊瑚的大障碍礁/马特基弗 , 闪烁器 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了快速 , 真正的吃饭 , 尝试小吃一边的街道 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一位父亲 , 几乎不像铁匠一样工作 , 带着他的儿子在生活的艰难下 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	本文第一章综述了qsar和cking方法、进展和应用 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了苯乙烯催化剂催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	你参加了一家医院接受医疗治疗或过去两年的医院 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	注意到腹部紧张度 , 颈椎检查显示颈部运动紧张度 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给出了 " 龙虎战斗 " 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	同时 , id也引用了高兴原则 , 这也代表了自尊化 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不倾向于借钱 , 为了建设最新的一代印度点 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	该系统可以更有效地利用传输带宽 , 实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后提出了基于v的固体溶液类型的研究焦点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	最大的资金来源是根据计划进行的 , 最大的资金来源是零售的回报 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温条件下 , 制备活性粘土 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前租赁是否允许您请求你在某些时期内的十个假期吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最确定道路 , 它是每个人都能在工作的东西 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思想的服务和谐的氛围 , 护理家庭真正是老年的家园 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工收购了332本杂志 , 44个小说和29本非小说书 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克林先生:我亲爱的 , 你为什么不告诉我这是什么 。 我肯定我能帮助你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可能会采取错误的鸟类 , 通过手柄来调整种子 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去的努力 , 达到健康护理改革的心理会议已结束 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	公司拥有自己的研发基地 , 上海和山西省生产基地 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	凯瑟琳建议: " 让我们留在城镇边缘的廉价的摩托车之一 。 "
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 问题仍然在考虑精度 , 并且适用于其他太阳周期 。 "
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	一个高大的男人拿着白头发 , 是阿尔伯特 , 莫莉的姐姐的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	在泰国 , 一个男人走在一个大雨中 , 走下了一条长江街 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免越南战争的服务 , 抵达越南战争的根源 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要成分:提取奶油、橄榄油、维生素b5、geraniums 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作搜索错误是成功的训练地 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但是在这里 , 我发现最令人兴趣的事情中 , 很多对比都是很抱歉的 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们感到惊讶地听到损害 , 船舶之前的订单正在小心包装 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢家带来机会 , 像其他人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但他们拒绝恐惧控制他们 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	警察在城市里没有充分支付 , 甚至没有足够的资金 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分 , 学习新闻文章的编写过程 , 比如在这个自由的记者学习视频的记者 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有很强的工作市场时 , 组织需要做什么 , 不管他们能吸引顶级候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次在客户机前面放置 , 请求解释某些东西是一个日常的经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要落入相信的陷阱 , 因为你不能测试每行代码 , 你必须测试任何东西 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是 " 我曾经做过过的最糟糕的巴赫记录 " , 也是最为平静的 。
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火和风围绕着一切 , 跳起跳跃的木头 , 激起了老布什 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页的内容是从illy港口或illy海关进出口公司目录 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我已经通过我的绘画表达了我对人类与环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	利用多线程应用高效分配系统资源 , 提高了系统性能 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男性建议不要喝超过21个单位和14个单位 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	崩溃状态下pnipam的时间不断变化 , 近温度和浓度依赖 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部约束元素将在热射线铝灰中产生 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包装床是1980年开发的一种新型高重力气体质量巨头设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	不管我学到什么语言 , 我总是试图看我的杯子 " 全半 " 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要绝对绝缘 , 如果一个银行家拿起账单来检查它的身份 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔纳 , 拉米和霍斯顿认为 , 尽管它能成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	空中汽车a320飞行于莫斯科到日内瓦时 , 试图出现劫持 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	拥有6家公司和谢尔兹公司的学生安排 , 是其中一个 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自那时以来 , mcdonald和它的弗朗西斯已经删除了11 , 000家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界的书店和图书馆可以在这个年代的爱荷载中保持可视和相关的 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家可以解决它 , 只有小量的病例 , 比如两个并行板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这发现还增加了更多的困惑 , 以确定女性与ntseacs的最佳策略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	我也不同意他的一些情绪评估我作为一个 " 独特的摩隆 " 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃赫里奇的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马吕斯人口最著名的 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 所有的限制都有限制 , 但不可能销售f22至日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	马萨西亚是一个典型的中场球员 , 他必须在球场上展示的潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六我们再次看到柏林的其他人 , 随着迈克海尔戈尔巴奇夫 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这也是一个水果 , 来自nahuatl 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	就像猴王走进洞穴时 , 另一个动物覆盖了洞穴的门 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的方法比m2m要多 , 但当然还要做最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	建立作为一项交通邮件 , 在1881年铁路后迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我发现距离我们的主要帐篷很难 , 永远不介意朝北极的一条路 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	反应是由过敏冲击、紫外线、尿管和血管瘤表现的 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄lin反lin的周边有许多少量金矿 。 核 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	最下一个it中心方法集中于发现和现有it资产的特征 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	为了学习角色 , 学习角色 , 所以在需要的时候可以替换常规的表演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	deaton解释说 , 平均收入比媒体更高 , 因为几个很高的收入 , 平均收入更高 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可以重新编写您的下一次更新站点的更改 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 所以我们从未写过它 , 但是我们发现一些有趣的初步事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	即使新的语言传递了一个优秀的游戏经验 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你找到一个公寓 , 立即向地主或财产经理提交应用程序 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期也可以重新招募优先的诺达奇单位:攻击是一个日期的观察字 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	研究中得到的单色染色体为稻田染色体3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	他创造了最小雕塑 , 保持与形状和纹理相关的有机相关 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	没有历史的创伤 , 除了前几年之前 , 还有几年的地下武器 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	除了神秘之外 , 还描述了西方游客通过非tibetanscruel攻击的描述 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 显而易见的印度 , 必须更仔细地校准他们的政府财务 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	生产开始在秋天 , 电影预计在2011年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	无聊但严肃的英语你是我梦想得到的红线十个球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	现在 , 沙巴现在只控制40%的摩加迪乌合适 , 几个月前的60% 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	随着温暖的天气预测到西班牙 , 德国说 , 他的日子应该站在很好的阶段 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例口腔成功开放 , 成功率92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特征 , 例如分离 , 循环影响出现在散发菜周围 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	好的 , 这确实是非常决定的 , 看起来似乎没有什么 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德·斯洛特说 , 在亲吻之后 , 他离开了海滩附近的海滩 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	在这里 , 她不仅谈论真正的危险因素 , 她也规定出可能是错误的迹象 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并不比祈祷者更有效 , 当它似乎可以被解释为合并性的时候 , 就不能更有效 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据订单需求 , 可调整可调整梯度可根据设计和制造 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	没有像1980年代马拉多纳普拉蒂尼这样的诗人那样的迹象 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分行有限公司是一家正式专业装饰公司的宗旨 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 我喜欢的一切都是那么恐怖的城市 。 "
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几个理论实例 , 表明了表面的地形修正 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例表明 , 在源中使用的代码页也是windows使用nglish 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设定温度高时 , 可溶性具有负相关性 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很棒 , 中国的食物是伟大的 , 让我们享受我们的午餐男人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特写道 , 作为当前的钟 , 艾米莉作为埃莉斯钟 , 安妮作为行动钟 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	当我住在军队的时候 , 我永远不会忘记那天的时候 , 军队的生活有很大的影响 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	他回来的第一件事是跑到妈妈 , 给她的丈夫和亲吻 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , gout是可处理的 , 还有减少gout将恢复的风险的方法 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一个方法 , 返回其类别的标签 , 还有一个方法结合闭合操作 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰与一个停止者和覆盖 , 这个探索了恐怖和费迪南德的才华 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果你想要语义上正确的对比 , 就应该使用双指数 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	生活的大学自由 , 人们暂时忘记过去的过去 , 浮起来享受目前 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	触发了一个弱的辐射形式 , 不能在空气中传播很远 , 而且不能渗透皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后 , 针对集团开发战略实施 , 提出了具体建议和措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	一般来说 , 我仍然是人类和我们的社会的有益和无害的人之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种侵蚀盆地被闭合 , 进化成沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 当移动相位的时候 , 热量和热量都有助于分离 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化都带来新鲜的配件 , 服装 , 珠宝和身体颜色到新收藏 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	尽管会晤金融集团对外国酒店的影响 , 要按照边界 , 是因为 " 狼 " 来 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	罗纳德雷根说: " 我生命中的四个战争中 , 没有人会因为美国太强了 。 "
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	9月 , 该公司推出了2010年9月的销售预计 , 达到25%至6000辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	不能反对中国在其他国家内部事务中的非干扰原则 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨吉利亚bar综合征患者的电学特点 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏产生碳酸 , 肾脏疾病可能导致身体缺乏碳酸 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	为了敬拜别人 , 敢相信别人 , 事实上都是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他说 , 动物在生命期间获得了某些特征 , 因为它们的环境和选择 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	外缸和内缸之间的差距离开 , 空气在空气中被泵入真空 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有人设计一个有趣的矢量插图 , 可访问的怪物类型 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913和1913年 , 他没有出版任何与1912年或1913年的法律结构有关的事情 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以放置在html中指定的位置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	给出了mm4u电镜等离子体不稳定性和潜在限制配置的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	所以 , 描述系统平衡状态的这些变换属性被称为状态变量 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	本文提出了一种单扫描链设计中存储元素的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文采用宏观树脂处理废水处理废水 , 从制造硫化硫 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	负责党的职责 , 负责政府的直接执行机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	绅士无限是资源丰富的 , 在军队和政治界密切接触 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一辆汽车到达标准的车辆 , 由于不可操作的车辆不能运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用于急性和慢性肠炎的治疗 , 由细菌或真菌引起的腹泻 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	1880年和1892年的其他协议 , 密封了巴林到英国的保护地位 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察合成康复疗法对桂林综合征的影响 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小道厚2:太阳降落不容易于清理 , 天气过度降雨 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后 , 四艘船被两种类型的037型反潜艇巡逻器加强 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和发展作为烧伤和伤口愈合的新治疗 , 仍然成为解决这个问题的新方法 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医学:很多pepsin , 胰腺素 , 更多的酶图片 , 梅凤等待 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对gab参数有很少影响 , 但没有降低aw 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	他副市长jihua会晤了卡古希马文化交流集团的主要成员 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前的冠军罗尼奥·奥斯尔利夫相信 , 丁俊惠拥有它所需要的东西 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	时间部署工作安全 , 严格实施领土监管责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区公共安全工作将面临着发展和面临严峻挑战的机遇 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需求正在驱动it部门实现基于标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划设备其他超光电动机 , 从10到60公斤的电动机 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在已经被新老板带来了 , 而它的钱出现了过去的一件事 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑到我们是所有的印度人 , 它将解释我们互相教学 , 它将会解释许多骑士 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	但是 , 有各种关于那些能从死者或鬼魂传播的人们 , 或者你有什么东西 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	sift一起把干燥的成分融成混合碗里 , 加入了方便的黄油中 , 膝盖形成粗糙的 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行银行家们讲话很多 , 这样的观点似乎没有采取持有 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗明星价格为5颗恒星提供 , 在市场上不匹配的价值提议 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我想读者得到了这一点 , 在某些时候 , 我们都像这样行动:我们太忙了 , 去做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	而且 , 基本上所有的东西都是阿加西和里奥斯 , 有些其他的家伙 , 他们在生活中有什么感谢网球 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在许多情况下 , 他们干涉了我国正常经济秩序 , 影响了许多高质量的商品市场 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑事诉讼法 , 税收相关犯罪包括各种违反机构的税收制度 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 基于hikivision的图像捕获板 , 首先实现了图像捕获和裤子控制 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能是在辩论原则中保持 , 比如识别下降或理解偏见的原则 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否在做街道摄影或访问自然或人造网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能做外侧的跳 , 寻找方法在您的兴趣方向上扩展你的当前位置 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸会经历你的头冠 , 将会填补你的身体 , 你真的不习惯 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度变化 , 优化模型 , 降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	这是今年的热门话题 , 通道的主要特点是多路径传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都是底下的 , 钱总是让决策 , " pelgrino告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	莎姆波斯和其他产品设计开头孔不会停止头发损失或促进头发的增长 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	温室实验结果表明 , 生物控制效率可达72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有人认为我们坐在那高峰的顶部 , 未来太远 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周在我们的系列 , 拉里西和托尼·里格斯描述了一个反war运动 , 正在增长的反war运动 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使在获利的学习中心 , 还是在历史网站上引领旅行 , 还需要一位主人 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	新加坡人士和新加坡人士将在16岁以上的所有新加坡人士和新加坡人士 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	因此 , 介绍了hl7中间件在多参数监测中的实现方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我在platoon上列表 , 如果问我 , 我的命令链不会移动我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆起头猎企业作为一家运营模式的初步研究 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵工程风险分析模型具有独特的理论和解决这些问题的方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来的分支支付价值的折扣价值的商业学校方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么说呢 ? 无论如何在连续情况下 , 怎样才能再生 ? 还能没有死亡 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	护理:一个惩罚的地方是警告未来的违反 , 类似于巡逻 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一节解释了这个成本更全面 , 因为它探索了创业成本是如何最初被投入的 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动学的科学研究是揭示事物的本质及其目标法的认知过程 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	但是菲律师的妻子林达 , 有一只猎物是错误的: " 你知道妻子 , 就像一个怀疑 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	原则上 , 每个基因组的复制 ; s估计60 , 000基因是完全相同的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员查看这个主题 , 这个作者应该进入政府来做什么呢 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想要匹配这些字符的任务 , 那么你必须使用一个逃跑的背景 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当使用2008年欧洲冠军的模式时 , 预测赢得者并没有在第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	随着多功能模具 , 可制造出平方孔角角法兰e 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	好心是广泛、广泛、容忍宇宙的好处 , 为人类的益处 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我首先表达了我们最诚挚的祝贺 , 为班级实现了优秀的结果和同学 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	沿着湾中心的地方 , 获得了全国 " luban奖 " 现代园林平原 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几个星期 , 我的26岁的儿子戴维德 , 曾经与大西洋城市一起去过 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	泰勒曼特说 , 银行拥有其顾客的信任 , 并没有看到任何有意义的资金流出 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	耐力游泳者戴安娜·尼亚德已经成为第一位来自cuba游泳的美国 , 没有鲨鱼笼子 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	博恩告诉记者说: " 这对总统来说 , 将是不负责任的 。 "
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事显示了贫困国家的癌症的悲剧现实以及对人和家庭的强烈影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在阿克马尔·沙克之后 , 精神疾病的人 , 明天被执行 , 你是在一年内短期的 。
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	任何违反规定或违反考试人员将按照相关规定处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许不到一个kiloton , 听起来像很多 , 但是它实际上很小 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在更基本的水平上 , 美国人不仅担心死亡 , 而且谈论和思考死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	谭晚些时候 , " 朱玲露笔意识 " 阅读: " 中国的伟大的时代 , 没有云变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球inc是一家位于加利福尼亚hntington海滩的美国公司 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常情况下 , 大型制造商将拥有超过医疗设备qs规范的质量体系 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一位喜欢道德化的男人通常是一个假冒 , 一个女人也不可避免的平原 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	虽然我们中没有人会个人改变宇宙的过程 , 集体上我们可以做这个 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他还补充道 , " 通过我们的领导者的神和智慧 , 这些情节被中性化 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	一项调查了龙乌山地区野生花卉的研究和应用 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记住 , 神的名字代表我们所名的神 , 耶和华上帝自己是这个塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用浪费一个基础推进剂 , 通过证人钢板判断电荷的破坏偶尔 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自去年3月份fda开始破坏药物 , 氨基因的股价已经下跌27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文总结了利用增加re合金加入的almg合金的实验研究 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	这根据消息集 , 根据消息集 , 在经纪人文件系统上保存了这是不可思议的 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰b·沃森敦促与孩子交易极端坚定 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该需要更多的词来解释图片的意思 , 或者为什么你包含的原因 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	彼普 , 巴西 , 俄勒 , 土耳其 , 你的 , 狮子 , 洋葱和花园只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	尝试和清楚你的思想 , 在睡眠时间之前 , 努力思考积极的想法 , 帮助睡眠 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但是在中国加入了1992年的npt和2004年的nsg之后 , 它的帮助至少是正式的 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	哈尼问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金 , 她不再爱一个人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村地区人力资本投资的不足和低效问题 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	有一段时间 , 姨妈也有很大的胸部 , 她也开开了 , 然后她就走出去了 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有嘴巴 , 点眼睛 , 坚持肢体 ; 嘴唇不聪明 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	奶奶 , 告诉我你怎么做的东西呢 ? 有天我想做最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚总统 , 塔里亚巴斯科是黑海地区大西洋主义的基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与肝脏之间的直接联系是很好的理解 , 但是酒精对其他器官的影响是什么 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但是我认为 , 重新评估我做的事情是否有任何价值 , 还是不能为我的存在添加任何值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中显示的最后一个接收项目 , 包含一个额外的html类:在线需求 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 , " 谢上帝 " 的周五 , 单词通常只用在周四 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	edgelyjr , 61岁的活动家和演员 , 一直在做它 , 比任何人都要长 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很艰难 , 我很抱歉 , 我知道我想要的 , 如果这让一个坏女人 , 好吧 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们要求联系专家们在接触之前应该讨论的事情 。 这里有13个问题 , 他们来了 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	2002年以来 , 北京局首席福布斯坦盖迪·epstein已经覆盖了中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一个停车是东城市 , 东莞县的座位已经成为出口贸易的新兴力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	我们有关国家卫生服务经过10年前的立法 , 自从没有发生 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到现在 , 本文根据实践中根据理论和实际测试的模型构建了框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客触摸一个人 , 让他们知道他需要通过 , 但是允许他的手比必要更长 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他走到她身边 , 轻轻地把她放在她早期的无信度 , 保证她的搜索已经结束了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipsjtomcat.zip到tmcat安装的webapps目录的根部 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	该团队只显示了ezh2磷与cdk1相关的细胞 , 分化成骨细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但是中国并不认识这一事实 , 如果他应该做的话 , 那就会消除他的优势感 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长调节剂量对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘了礼物的基本真理时 , 它总是引起教堂的麻烦 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了世界实现马里亚的未来 , 必须满足许多条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	弗兰克博士是瑞士联邦技术学院的冰川学专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	芽膜合同和叶片长 , 洛杉矶或婚礼 , 没有像任何东西一样形成牙齿形状 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	执行监测、检测和质量控制在室内和子承包机钢制造和焊接段 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种羟胺苯突变酶、编码基因和应用 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	紧密的商店尝试和控制动力 , 你只能依靠自己的内部创新机械和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 可能会获得相同的限制卡路里的利益 , 从部分饮食中获得相同的限制性 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救灾的努力并不足以得到其他地方重新启动 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:201 , 44块 , 陶瓷研究所的招聘 , 丰西路 , 潮州 , 中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于胸腺酸盐离子的平行磷酸盐膜电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和skeleton对象也需要关心开始和承诺容器管理事务 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我会在天上和地上 , 血 , 火 , 和烟 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自新世纪开始以来 , 本课题的大规模引入开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年创立了一家著名的中国现代绘画和书法网络的认证交易网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用 , 建立了与inotify的通信 , 可用函数就如下 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠行走是心理病学范围下降的意识障碍之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	答:那些进入中国的非法侵犯了中国的法律 , 应当按照法律处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液试验早于7周的妊娠 , 而超声也不可靠 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc媒体也增加了cm模型中的血管的数量和血管的加固剂 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 通常在眼睛里泪 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败了 , 他的妻子将有一个可怕的剂量 , 证据证据表明 , 面对他 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是弹性梗死是一个关键的变化 , 而自动变化是全球和扩散 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望沙沙的同学或朋友可以在国外阅读你的文章 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了catv图书馆的catv图形组件库 , 仅仅是援助软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但是牛奶充满了厚的白细胞 , 使牛奶更快 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	此外 , 烹饪和可食品质主要是由gca的恢复者和f1组合决定的 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	该技术支持欧洲远距离测量和lfteelidean距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	克斯特说: " 陶瓷被设计为普通化疗药物的治疗替代剂 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	最新星期 , 汽油价格平均下跌7美分 , 每加仑3.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她准备下降的时候 , 发现所有的视频剪辑都比记录中的所有视频剪辑都要强 。
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然你可以购买一些没有锁定的电话 , 但是通常是一个操作的方法 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验表明 , 金属离子对脂肪植物的形状、尺寸和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	" 如果我从美国开始 , 我会花更多时间去寻找资金 , " 江说 。
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果有神经学差异 , 那么它可以解释重要行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干燥化学试验方法和尿沉积镜检测方法的临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一个伟大的员工 , 为我的团队做出了重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	这个记者有权选择和出版本刊登在本杂志上发表的写作和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第十二条小规模税收支人员或可税收服务的可借鉴率为6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组电机功能明显提高 , 特别是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	干旱通过亚热带传播 , 伴随着热波和强烈的野火 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张照片 , 约翰·莱昂和约翰·莱诺太大了 , 他们就像一个平滑的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的头发和银色的玻璃使他成为哈利波特的死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮件邮件到美国的非洲 , 第二十个邮件是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡是一个财富的一部分 , 必须给穷人或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	所以在碰撞后几乎发生了什么 , 电子在这里倒下来 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么 ? 这看起来就像你站在拉拉拉的脚上 , 是什么样的 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内援助 , 使你脚部的水分远离你的脚部 , 所以他们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她每天喂了三到四次 , 同样的婴儿需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	对于我们的知识最好的来说 , 大脑脊髓瘤很少被瑞典报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看 , 这个消息在80年代的女孩上花了3000元 , 为她的狗出生 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	利用er图工具设计系统信息模型 , 建立了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	没有在我们的路上洪水 , 但在这里 , 山区的山区正在落在路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层和监督控制层网络系统的框架 , 制造业管理层和监督层网络系统 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论本实验室检查对bmt早期诊断有明显的帮助 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	而设计的传感器也可以用来测量其他类型的线性位移或旋转角 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析汉代铜描述的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	重城南部地区西部和东部地区的pt条件有不同的pt条件 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运行策略:积极适应 , 积极进步 , 独立开发 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 公式被认为是可用来计算管道上的绘制力 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	设置的值是一个java.lng.对象的参考 , 或者在那里的子类 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	国家高校运动协会政府在美国举办大学体育 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着那些住在大房子里的人 , 不要你吗 ? " 一个女孩问道 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我丈夫的第一次教练经验是一支高中学篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨创伤性脑室出血的临床特点及治疗方法 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	如洗孔、吹孔等缺陷 , 分散在蝴蝶型阀中 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	每年你在这里与通货膨胀和主体联系在一起增加政府规定 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因是由于东西与西方之间的思想差异 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	反抑郁药物的下面之一是他们可以在两到八个星期之间进行长时间的工作 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我与他有一个很好的关系 , 即使在原始的比赛之后 , 他叫我想知道一切关于我的条件的事情 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是我们建立的一个学者和发展基金的主要效益 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文对现代景观希腊工程建设管理进行了分析 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市人民国会 , 华盛顿黄永广说 , 学校主席 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立一种新制备的复合四氯酸盐凝胶的质量控制方法 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间 , 豪华房间 , 单房间 , 各种套房 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染及耐药状态在医疗强度护理单位中的作用 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨不同肠道段的吸收动力学对大鼠肠道分泌的影响 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜的味道 , 美妙的魔鬼洞 , 水 , 摩西 , 土耳其 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	返回韩国的手指 , 吸烟和愿意镇都享受了两个人在爱时期的爱情 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	所以 , 这只是你可以在单轨道上拥有最多的电子 , 所以这才是两个电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记了水平表面 , 忘了站起来 , 只要拿起四分之一 , 把它扔掉 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 编码 " 意味着充分信息共享、相互理解和同时期的平行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰也有神话质量 , 因为直到日本发现它们是不可能生长的 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	就在离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 他和妻子在34年前搬了 , 就在结婚之前 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	我也喜欢我的自由 , 现在我不确定我做的 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	为了发明专利 , 它必须明显 " 到艺术中的普通技能之一 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	五月五日 , 莱昂纳德字符串发布和文章在巴塔维亚 , 伊利诺斯关于艾利诺斯 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣卢西亚明显是一个岛屿 , 一个只能希望它能保留它的未pot魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请维持清洁的环境 , 转移手机和b.b.调用 , 准备 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac的治疗效率优于传统的pc或铝酸铝 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户从音乐博客到cnn中导航的话 , 歌鸟可以添加什么值 ?
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我只是在丹麦 , 就在我身上发生了一场巨大的古尔普社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了处理idp的增加载荷 , 基于集群的实现负载平衡是必要的 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但是在那么暴力的存在下 , 一个诱惑 , 原因消失了 ; 没有任何事情 , 还没有直觉 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与爱尔兰集团一样 , 与爱尔兰集团一样 , 这给我们一个新的视角来与陶瓷作品 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务总值是信用市场的一个关键问题 , 从短缺经济转移到超过一个 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听了 , 但是还没办法 , 然后她看到北方和蓝军 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到了一群迷人的脸色苍白 , 灵魂半光 , 这是诗歌感觉的本质 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但是 , 改变足够的词 , 虽然只有一段时间 , 你的思想只能结束死亡 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然 , 两个女孩中有一个变化 , 一个人把另一个人推出来 , 进入水中 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳闪烁着河进口 , 融合在地平线 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一对可能不适合你的鞋子内部 , 所以你可能想要分开穿鞋或运动的正义 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后 , 他又向警卫下手 , 然而 , 他的细节不知道 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	加入宗教团体的这一想法 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	一位澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和增加氢燃料生产的spon 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔夫歌曲 , 诺顿扮演 " 天鹅河 " , 然后 " 黑猩猩 " 快的温度 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	交易机制和系统将由公司维护 , 代理商店 , 零售商旧销售 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地利用期存储系统 , 管理器必须通过视觉检查来控制库存 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	但是我对你说 , 应该更容忍在判断当天的苏格兰土地 , 比起判断 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一个情绪 , 一旦教授来自陕西的各位艺术家保罗·麦卡特尼教授 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	节约成本巨大 , 新应用程序或功能的时间市场大大提高 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	走出适合拉弗莱先生的开放式衬衫 , 通常是运动的 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后在匹配和线性电压控制条件下 , 给出了最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 黄张不能控制自己 , 但开始笑着他的妻子和可爱的婴儿 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道 , 爸爸怎么努力一起工作 , 为我的按照和教训 , 赚足够的钱 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	让一些快乐或有点东西 , 用轻轻轻轻轻轻轻地挂在翅膀上 。 这样做两个翅膀 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	温柔是一个尖锐的剑 , 温柔的是一种潜在的力量 , 让所有人都提交自己 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 道德和经济都成为不可连接的反对者 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试的话 , 我会得到一个糟糕的毕业生 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但是 , 两次奖学院也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	第二个 , 指针引导在指针开始 , 并遵循箭头访问它的指针 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	相信在12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 第一个篮球比赛在历史上扮演 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期醒来的时候 , 他声称了与国会共和党人一起工作的愿望 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本远远不多 , 但日本已经成为那些逃离美元的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	它们正在坐落在地上 , 树木 , 山到西部和自然春天 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	詹宁斯白博士在有机化学和香水方面发表了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗 ? 我不相信它 , 我觉得他一直像我的兄弟一样工作 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的姐姐已经错了我为了一个蘑菇 , 她把我留在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	罗萨尔赞扬了 " 外星 " 圣的生活 。 " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	" 这只是那些担心一旦提交结果的事情的恶性家伙 。 " 利物什说 。
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们走到第二楼楼的房间 , 打破门 , 穿着自己的服装在军官的统一 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的本体合并方法可以克服传统的本体合并方法的抽象 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了hplc法测定塞菲普梅水氯化物中拉格因的含量 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件工程元模型是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	为了经验的讨论 , 本文介绍了大量前秦儒学思想和道学思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房里 , 他沿他的信里滑了刀 , 滑出了折叠的信息 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地的人们杀死了所有人 , 反对国王 , 他们在他的地方做了乔西亚王 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	另一个零售链之一 , 是第一家将质量和预期提供在同样的销售地板上 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	达格尔并没有需要从发明到生命之后 , 因为他被法国政府惩罚 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉人们吃鲨鱼的文件很好 , 但是吃的最后一点也不错呢 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	为了在重负荷下感应空气温度 , 例如风机加热器、热空气隧道等 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电源转换器在提高模式运行时 , 低压侧电池将排放并为dclink提供电源 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的下降发生在1256年 , 由于蒙古帝国扩大到伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个带状区域图 , 并建立了一个边界图 , 使振动失效的边界图 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下文链接应该为了理解创建和使用它们的事务所需要的信息提供理解 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个炎热的夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面变得充满幻想 , 充满诱惑 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微电机械系统多粒度宏模化非标准结构模型降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨安莫尔河南沥青的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在我所爱的学校之前 , 我喜欢一切东西 , " 红色现在 , 19岁的cn电视台说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间是由各种类型的房屋和贸易员的工作坊和他们的警察组成的 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学会了一些当地的范娜 , 包括在家庭的巴菲尼达州的一条路上 , 如果吃的话 , 就会有毒 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	但是 , 在存在一个危险的假设中 , 量化的东西都存在着困难 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的正式集 , 给出了常规半群的结构定理 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析了天线高扫描的存在问题 , 用辐射特征法对天线高扫描的测量方法 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但是我们必须提醒我们的同志 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 5月7日 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满了雄心和骄傲 , 一旦他们收集了他们的第一条裤子 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	把这个价格定位显著增加潜在的核布局已经积极 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果表明 , 调查结果与蒙古羊之间的抗感染差异有显著性 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 除了山上橄榄树之外 , " 小河 " 、 " 村庄交叉 " 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在新西兰电视台的一个视频里 , 男人在他被拉出来的垃圾邮件之后携带伤口的男人 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 在乔治马逊大学地球科学教授举行了第二个职位 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	ozark的土耳其农民并非免疫 , 每个地方都在冲击农业社区的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	因此 , 孤独的种子在其它树顶上生长成了这样的大规划树 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	政治科学家peterl&ouml说: " 火山分区的结束是结束的 。 "
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	定量地处理了西汉西部七个地区的沉积样本 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两者都成功地归咎于饮酒和女性的诱惑 , 与批评家和新闻人士有没有关系 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	达什板收到了从集中应用程序的上下文信息 , 并使用它查询后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	agv大基础系统是一套软件控制和管理许多gv来完成许多材料传输任务的软件 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为第一章的第一章 , 书五章开始 , 还有一次在书籍里干旱 , 促进了一个希望的禁止 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	运输方便:上海的220公里 , 来自杭州的65公里 , 290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作家罗伯特·沃尔斯创作了一部诗歌的肖像 , 他实际上写了一个自我肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	你所想到的一切都有 , 说 , 做了你现在所做的那种人 , 也包含了你未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖主义nuke , 组装出来自strayexsovietfisile材料 , 可以破坏整个日子 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听了两个朋友谈论过去的时候 , 想 " 梦想进入现实 。 " 这段话语的描写 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	运营研究的自然性和特点 , 知识系统 , 开发历史 , 应用程序 , 业务决策中的功能 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	据erickson说 , " 我是一个真空的 , 我已经活了过去500年了 , " 本斯利说 。
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	所以 , 五月份 , 由于压力减少警察数字 , 导致警察计划的结果 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	好的时候 , 伊利亚 , 一个惊人的预言 , 只有上帝把我当作一个先知 , 就像他死后 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	他说 , 参加他的阅读 , 大量的西班牙人民 , 4万人住在同一城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确定 , 我认为你应该有三个玻璃尿检测 , 以及检查持续分泌 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	学校有小黄 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 积极努力建立一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	公司拥有强大的技术力量和国内先进产品r&d能力的电缆研究机构 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝结冷却 , 失去与组织联系 , 白海天使堆积也承认了他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在民族健康议程中投资的免疫高度上是关键的 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	本文提出了一种设计和计算方法 , 用于单片机偏差测量机理的原理和方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在福利多元主义的影响下 , 社区护理已经成为复制问题的主要战略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	我实际上每天都在监狱里玩笑 , 当我在狱里时 , 我就用冷水洗澡 , 无论如果雪还是雪了 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被保存到一个持久的媒介中 , 或者作为来自这些数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学爆炸溶液具有良好的稳定性、长寿寿命和较低的处理钢表面的粗糙性 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他是由4名高级部长支持的 , 负责人 , 他也被选为政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	住宅活动家和学者说 , 这个选举年期计划会很容易 , 但不会结束 , 房屋危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利亚的目标是捕获最好的肖像 , 她可以在那个时间框架内捕获最好的肖像 , 你的工作就是帮助她这样做 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文斯先生说 , 从现在移民将在澳大利亚的工作力量结构上发挥更大的作用 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人惊讶的责任 , 知道你正在为未来准备 , 中国的下一代领导人做准备 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这种损失的嵌入器人类 , 它们有一个警告的外交视图 , 首先 , 请问后来的问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板加强软土基地具有快速速、效果好、施工快等特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 心理树咨询成立于1999年的期待着现有材料的非常威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	这比原来的1倍大于50倍 , 覆盖了240年伦敦公共汽车等效区域 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但是上帝不仅忘记过去 , 他穿着你正确的衣服 , 虽然你从来没有犯罪 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	看着人们彼此紧盯着6个 , 哭泣 , 互相抱着 , 最后一次的时候 , 让我欣赏我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟焦是一个非常成熟的加工技术 , 看起来是一个普通的深度处理手段 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	在2005年房屋的高峰上 , 销售现有和新房屋的销售都在1976年的两倍 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:全夜监测6例sb患者和8例正常人 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	她的男孩 , 他们在贝尔维尔得到了很好吗 ? 那么 ? 父亲conmee确实很高兴 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	非医学用药在5059岁的年龄组中也比60岁的年龄组更常见 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国各地的客人 , 当然是我们人民的基本利益 , 与中国人民交易有关的朋友 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们也可以猜测这样的牙刷可能会伤害人类的牙齿 , 以及他的情绪 , 很大程度上不便于他 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是 , 一个过度信心的李思想 , 既加强了两个平坦 , 梅德在中心就会很弱 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	范尼拉 , 成为最受欢迎的风味 , 在商店前面是一个独立的例子 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	离婚的女性在中国约会文化中有几乎像莱珀一样的女性 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲通常会错过他们的道路 , 我可以告诉你现在没有一个改变机会 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是一部关于爱情、幸运、青年文化和街头生活的新型壳鱼电视节目 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏上的消息 , 死辊现在21 , 000多人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , 在扩展后 , eg插入到细胞查询中 , 与 " 蠕虫 " 相似 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	自然答案可以更加自然 , 因为高尔夫球员在快乐的时候浪费他的手臂 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他种玉米有较少的水 , 没有流行 。 当你加热玉米时 , 内部的水就会使玉米爆炸 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症、心脏疾病的化学物质依赖剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到我在这次冒险之前花了太多钱 , 现在我必须住在我的信用卡上 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会负责明确定义吗 ? 这些定义符合区域的需求 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	一个应用程序研究人员注意摄像机是流动细胞 , 一种用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺: " 获得信心 , 保留暴力 " 的客户秘密 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 强调了负电源供电的理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但是如何标准运行神经神经神经神经心理评估规模是目前没有共识的 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我要求她的建议 , 她总是准备好帮助 , 解释我的满意 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这种多样的双扫描仪具有两对输出线 , 使其适用于各种用途 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你像一个令人惊讶的教育经验一样治疗bs学校 , 你会得到很多的机会 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国向大使提出邀请 , 从叙利亚的暴力反对抗抗议者的叙利亚大使签署了一份邀请 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地回答道: " 听起来像上帝吻的话 , 没有任何伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	但是随后 , 他们与土地有相关的战争 , 其中他们杀死了一个可考虑的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在贵阳高中学完全开发 , 获得了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从奥巴伦斯基的政权转移到贝齐霍夫的 , 这是在莫斯科附近形成的 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能化操作 , 包括使用战略底部和覆盖操作 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校英语课程开发的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是否是不变的 , 几乎没有完成低键的珊瑚细胞组工作的原因 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理还访问了卢达通用医院 , 一项由中国基金的社会福利项目 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个示例正在改变表空间容器的位置 , 它也可以使用备份和恢复来完成 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有引起商业名牌的破坏 , 但不会增强他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	mercator的世界是探索、发现和映射地球和太空的双月杂志 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元酶将运行198.95美元 , 转换视频和图像是由您的计算机所做的 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	在波海沿海沿海的最后一次冰川损失的研究中 , 进行了一项调查 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试与最近实际的粒度相似 , 问题类型和难度相似 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	比较了vrv热泵空调系统对传统加热系统的经济效率 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这部电影是一个美国版本的两千八个法国的thriller称为 " 波尔埃尔 " 的美国版本 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	用灯光的灯光 , 用灯光燃烧在内部的圣殿前面 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有许多道教区 , 上清区具有最大的影响力 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展已向圣诞节和其他外国节带来了出生 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐歌在 " 新疆 " 的一个小知识 , 展示了各个思想治理的一面 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春季排水期的第一次排水期是明显的十年间特征 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有sac.insa指令员都在工作场所培训和评估中获得了证书4 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以把这笔钱送到达尔的营地 , 到了艾滋病的疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看 , 我们拇指和拳击手们 , 我们在车时得到了一点困难 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道你的眼睑并没有与实验室黑触摸 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有很多 " 也许 " 的 " 可能 " , 看起来像他们可能只能贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置的原因是一个变化在数据库管理器或数据库管理器的变化 , 例如一个瓶颈的原因 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险及控制方法 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本烹饪书中 , 汤子的营养很小 , 因此 , 适合每年的消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果 , 交付和出生重量的妊娠年龄明显小于严重组 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统选择了一家出生商务部门 , 成为他的新商务部长 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然很糟糕的是 , 我不能吃饭 , 但我仍然可以通过这些面条和饺子来获得 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp被授予了学生的权力 , 这意味着它被允许叫做大学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年出版了我的第一篇文章 , 但在1983年的秋天 , 写作最早没有开始 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以回来的时候 , 开始了解为什么发生的事情 , 你可以找到正确的后数 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着 , 如果你想保持技能 , 你必须打斗 , 而且在你的财务给予收入时 , 就会减少激励 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	玫瑰的银玫瑰起来 , 可是为了旅行 , 因此与郭东没有瞬间回到嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种行业的新标准 , 包括健康保健 , 已经促进了xmlend应用的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你犯了严重的错误 , 如果你受伤了其他人或自己 , 那就不用感觉罪 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	主机或服务决定停止在低于低折叠阈值的情况下的时候 , 一个主机或服务被决定停止 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	可变系数、解决方案本身以及其正常流量可能是在接口中不连续的 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中9硝基霉素lactone的体外稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母-和儿科学家、教育家和心理学家-寻找帮助的方法 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	在第一次出口 , 重 , 军事地面和一匹马 , 马里兰蔬菜 , 大大延迟了我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸爸:在古典的建筑中 , 一个柱子的平原部分 , 基地和玉米之间 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	沙林是一家机械 , 这是他的作品店 , 还有一个小的房间里有一个小的杂志 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	换一个收到的消息 , 不仅没有逃避 , 而且穿着衣服 , 准备救父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他在那里捕捉了数十亿人住在那里 , 在那里 , 三十亿人将在2050年住在那里 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	一些美国中西部的一些县已经宣布 , 由于雨灾和火灾 , 由于暴雨灾害 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	戈西比:在你不知道一件好事 , 直到去找别人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论利多卡因与德克萨姆沙酮结合 , 可防止药物引起的phlebitis 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两个人醒来 , 突然看到了春花的陪审团 , 由谁来了 , 说去寻找丁 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突然不感觉 , 沉默的月亮剪了一个柔软的光 , 投影在地面上 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 尊重客人 , 女士和绅士 , 所有的员工 , 下午好 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	典型的李江空间森林几乎没有看到拉希海地区 , 因为人类对它产生影响 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 野生的爆炸与包动物有关 , 或者由黄金矿工和其他人逃离的东西有关 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	考古学家们怀疑 , 园林在建筑上被放弃 , 为了提高水的规定 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	北极将是21世纪萨拉jevo , 触发能源的主要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	岳岳的死亡预计已经在好的萨马利亚法律上引起了一场激烈的国际争论 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期极锂酸锂的原理、制造和应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	克服悲伤和痴呆症的克服 , 出生的许多城镇民间为高原因犯罪而执行 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果采用异丙烯微生物作为溶剂 , 避免介质的膜滤波干扰 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	1893年 , 在27岁的时候 , 他在照明方法上报道了他为光学描述的方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 这些诗的意义很清楚 , 读者可能会从她的经历中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	为了防止4 , 000公斤的失败 , 让家庭获得可支持的程序 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	事实上 , 在辐射和循环方向下 , 气速和压力在交叉截面变化中 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在课堂训练和评估中花了2小时 , 每个学生都会赚0.2英元 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了anthrace和苯乙烯静态极性的精确dft研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把鸡蛋放在炉子上 , 鸡蛋三明治是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 广东核电厂在18个月的燃料循环中得到大边缘 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室试验中 , 他们发现一个叫做banlec的柠檬素作为两种艾滋病毒的潜在 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	400im不仅需要强度和速度 , 而且在所有四个条件下 , 还需要巨大的耐力 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	" 当解释文件固定了他的拇指向公共文档的时候 , " pandit说 , " 他们不能回来 。
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是个班球员 , 他很不同 , 我不能找到其他的球员 , 看起来像他一样玩 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员说 , 他们的发现也可以适用于那些声称他们依靠早上杯茶来获得他们的脑袋 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看没有人会来 , 给你食物或水 , " 上帝会为我提供 , " 是唯一的答案 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度吃不会增加你的抑郁 , 但是增加重量 , 你需要适合你的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	在互联网之后 , 他开始从太空发布twitpics , 获得忠诚的追随 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	ahmui还说 , 另一天她只想说她对整个事情的想法 , 没有任何意思来战斗 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用正确的氧化法制备移植肿瘤模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我得到参议院晚些时候 , 所以在他们回家之后 , 我就可以把它转到 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本文决定和比较了人体的强度限制、ilium、skull和rib的强度限制 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	韩国的物种被建立为一个扎伯拉克 , 使他成为死亡的马尔 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛应用 , hlv综合电路的设计越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝型电力设备:主要固定在海岸上 , 为工厂、房屋和其他海岸提供电力 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	这位21岁的丹麦国际上被广泛认为是欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	女性是35岁的中世纪35岁的诊断 , 被观察到17408岁 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	拜仁慕尼黑的中场离开已经证实了 , 他将在老板转会上留下 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	迷人的生物 , 凤凰 , 它们可以立即携带重量的载荷 。 他们的泪水有健康的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样的情况下 , 组织可以使用一个简单的进展检查列表来锻炼机制和倡议 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	在英格兰的木材和纤维玻璃手工 , oval形状的内部措施只有6英尺 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是医院知识驱动经济时代所有可见资本的一般名字 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家梅尔本哲学有很多理由庆祝 , 与观众共享庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 莎·鲁克已经忍受了杜克 , 除了埃塞利亚外 , 国家的第二个电信运营商 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前瞻性膜只释放新鲜的水进入海洋 , 而不允许盐水污染袋 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们将欢迎来自我们的城市委员会的帮助 , 这永远不会发生 , 这就是为什么我们追求了kirkby 。
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你已经有限的工资预算和一个星期的最大五公斤 , 但是你想要的是7k 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血吸:现在有机会来自英雄袭击、血吸虫或威尔文德攻击的任何机会 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	针对非静态过程线性组合的第一交叉可靠性 , 提出了一种有效的数值方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	由于市场营销渠道 , 项目应采取授权的销售代理模型来提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民担心 , 跨孢子能创造低质量的混合植物 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员发现 , 不同形状和尺寸的羽毛与不同的谐振结构有不同的频率 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨逆向内钉对远端胎骨的悬臂椎间骨折的影响 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	工具配备了进步的旋转动作 , 使得一个低速的速度与一个小的旋转开关 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	pd控制采用位置算法 , 限制了控制量和整合量的范围 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	研制了磷相液相色谱法分离可离和强极有机化合物 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	苏州公园酒店和套房是苏州会议或社会偶尔的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	运行显微镜观察前动脉通信功能的解剖特征 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	扫描器削减一朵花 , 想用尖锐的刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早晨或杜斯克的建议 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在程序方面 , 法官、党和其他参与者的争论需要相同的辩论和对话 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记花费圣诞节 , 只要单独看电影或假期阅读一本1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	特里lundgren是macy的首席执行官 , 公司拥有macy和bloomingdales部门 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 不管你会在一个类、会议、会议或会议上发生什么意外 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们通常相信我们的能力 , 管理自己 , 但是我们不信任其他人管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南副部长菲姆·宾恩赫称 , 本周一结束的会谈 , 这是生产力的 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	调音响你心里的麻烦...随着节奏...zoary的头发一起...
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷铬矿床运行的关键点 , 以及缺陷铬矿床的冲击效果 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配了显示器的标志 , 那么分割的结果就会向无限性 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨鼻窦管重建对ktp激光耐药性先天性胆囊炎的影响 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	您有一个单独的消息引擎 , 当您添加集群作为si总线的成员时 , 就会自动创建 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平板表面将阻挡风流 , 同时也会创建死水区 , 在它正方形成之前 , 陷入该区域 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国继续成为2008年全国各地寻求者的主要国家的目的地 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何许多响应文本文档都可以有丰富的或平原的文本身份 , 适用于电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	murrieta拥有教育 , 高收入的人口与圣迪哥和橙色县的社区相比 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	帕纳尔是一个非投票者 , 但即使fda建议板 , 不投票还是由机构评估 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在市场条件下 , 已形成10年 , 经验丰富 , 可以加入更多的公司 , 将建立产业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克逊说: " 你需要一个削减来力量制度改变系统 。 " 他协调预算解决方案 。
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者学习了以前的检查 , 古城已订购了两个 " 五条 " 的建筑 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是《香水》的作者:《查德勒burr2003年》的主题 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、计划、设计和交付集成服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供高质量的时尚产品的客户提供优质的工作 , 为每一个东西做好好的工作 , 都是用来一份qadir的风格 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr的常见离散工作模式 , 在gpr记录中有大量的水平相干噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 28岁的科学生大脑如何生产科林纳的28岁的脑袋 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样的蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 很享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	萨格塔利亚人是积极的 , 他们对生活有着明亮的探索 , 是企业、充满能源和生命力的企业 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	一般来说 , 废物不会有或展示感染的内在危险 , 除了非常具体的病例外 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	但是 , 没有什么事情 。 相反 , 阿普吉奥斯通过一个轻松的预期和谐的继续进化 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨甲状腺酶在vitiligo动物病理模式中的血液和血液学含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有的jcs气体都分配了它们的价值 , 利用政府机构分析的重量标准气体 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这种步骤是在过去几十年前生物化学研究中引起最强烈的破坏 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个参赛者都坐在塔子上 , 然而 , 只有在被纳粹的时候 , 只有在他们完全打破之后才能掩盖自己 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	它通过数据仓库或联邦提供了一个单一和完整的客户、合作伙伴、产品和业务 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	一家公司可能会有时会预计销售亏损 , 以迫使其竞争对手进入破产 , 然后主导市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常在使用git时 , 您可以假设您的存储库是位于内核的小位置 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力 , 电话 , 保险和电缆账单自动从每个月的账户中获得 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图改变和废除中国独特的条约 , 限制和取消西方权力的特权 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我把太阳的光线集中在冬天最寒冷的日子里 , 我就可以轻松的一场火 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应当采取适当的政策来确保这些西方企业在技术创新领先地位 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果上帝看到我们穿过他所爱的儿子的眼睛 , 那么我们也应该从耶稣中看到自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但是对于一个广泛的主导者来说 , 不同的意味着颜色和姿势丰富 , 多样性体现了团结和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性的产业和非织包密切的经济关系 , 它的非织包对产业的发展产生巨大影响 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本文总结了今年我国卢徐的研究特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	营地的第一条规则是保持一个清洁的营地 , 你不能留下任何承担的东西 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	这使得在城镇或湖下达到油沉积物的情况下 , 可以达到油沉积物 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报告网络外部性是imcl的重要影响因素之一 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全由于新恐怖主义威胁 , 街道被关闭 。 警察行道 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为 , 在政治方面看到一个动态女性很棒 , " 34岁的riokookokokamoto说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	法国航空工业将开始在2012年在巴黎附近的莱尔堡机场安装增强 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体将 " 本山文化 " 作为一个新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因为高利率往往会引起美元的欣赏 , 他们可能会使得贸易赤字更大 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	广泛应用于电子电子管、电视和许多现代设备的电子管 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在塞勒河镇 , 生活的过程完全受到潮流的温柔流动 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	六月份 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪手在奢侈大陆酒店上发起了死亡的袭击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果物体确实是飞行酱油的话 , 那么它可能会有数百万美元或数十亿美元 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna流动性与其电荷相关 , 平均尺寸的碎片大小与它的扭曲和弯曲 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	采用hplc法测定了我国紫外植物中磷酸含量的含量 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	托马斯先生正在做一个长距离电话 , 请等几分钟 , 你会喜欢一些咖啡或茶 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两到三个创始人说 , 每个人都拥有x量的新科 , 并分配所有与新科相关的ipip 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过欣赏和分析一些组成 , 我们可以在中国现代油画现状上合理的池塘 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	当一般的讲话叫他们的特点 , 说: " 你怎么能 , 法国人 , 穿着其他人的统一 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	利用光学检测方法 , 研究激光标记特征对b/kno3引起的激光特征的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	认识到血小板对异体移植的高精度拒绝的贡献是良好的认识 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 只有在太阳峰记录 , 本地公园在保护下 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子的歌曲在孩子的教育中起着重要作用 , 不要替代其他形式的诗歌 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	一个生命的照片 ! 就像图片描绘一样 , 还有很多东西或想要的人必须承受或寻找 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预计 , 中东继续持续不稳定性 , 可能会让价格推进到春天 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另一个因素intel提到:公司在后端建立的公司 , 以便采取所谓的云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	基于运输统计学的发展趋势 , 提出了 " 运输账户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅是学生 , 还有老师受到了王丽青的新闻发表启发 , 还承认了青华大学 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准计划和未来的计划 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	建立了基于投射分散规则的损伤模型 , 建立了动力学的原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 槽 " 系统给出了一些选择 , 在哪里放置装饰物的表面 , 例如表面和衣服 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的克拉塔将包括五座混合型塔 , 由环形状的柱子转开 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	你可能回忆到2006年 , 北京峰会在中国非洲合作论坛上举行 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会与美国法官说一个人 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意在左侧形成内囊肿的细胞 , 与周围的细胞相邻 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、红细胞变形指数、纤维原子和plt均降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的coreoslinux用户可以利用云平台来达到世界上最大的市场之一 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在服装行业中应用 , 服装mtm迅速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	收集的个人数据将被视为严格的信心 , 并且只用来接收和其他通信 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个笔头都与两个帽子分别匹配 , 液体管在笔记本中安装 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从以上证明 , 可生命的方法是预测mch人力供应的实际和有效的 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何在这个自由的青春教训中 , 如何从经验丰富的艺术家中获得一个自由的青春课 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛还宣布辞职克拉拉华 , 其高级副总裁在中国人力资源 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于它的温和微气候 , 格雷兹是一座由于它的小型公园 , 几乎是中海风味的城市 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	你喷嚏 , 因为你在你身体内得到了所有这些胚胎 , 你的身体想要把胚胎放出来 , 所以你会喷嚏 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	对于添加额外的信息来说 , 对于开发人员之间共享的地图来说 , 这是有用的 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某些方面合并到你的网站上 , 即使它只是在头部图像或像声音颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另一个现实是 , 如果美国不能扩大出口 , 压力将会增加进口 , 相反 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全 , 不要触摸产品、测试电缆或任何其他仪器 , 而电源在测试中被应用到电路 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	许多bufffet的智慧从这个投资特征中走出来:当你不知道怎样做 , 不要做任何事情 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己太伤害 , 白人带来了罗杰的药物问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	这种技巧不仅仅是通过改善生产力 , 才能不断自我评价和自我提高工作的方式 , 而且提高工作的方式 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们肯定欢迎o项目满足不同客户的需求 , 保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一份报告说: " 托尼是很高兴和友好的 , " 一位医院的拘留是防止他的条件 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 伦敦只有几十个武装机器 , 但到了1990年代 , 有超过百次 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们也在第二次世界大战结束的时候展示了我一张墨尔曼斯克的照片 , 这是一张航空照片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在早上训练的志愿者的控制组中 , 晚上没有睡觉 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国朋友们对他们的努力有特别关注 , 阻止青少年的暴力和工作 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布对web内容的分布式 , 并保持您的原始源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克、卡特里娜和华尔街崩溃是雷根时代的三个钉子 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	第一次获得了一次大笑 , 然而 , 热情在第一次听到之后 , 第一次获得了一次大笑 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	重新发现了那个肮脏的堆底底 , 能看到光 , 仍然处于良好的状态 , 是这样的救济 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我父亲是我母亲离开的中心 , 我的妹向前是正确的 , 我的弟弟向前走了 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	很好的回顾 , 看我们共同做的事情 , 意识到我们是一个不平等的故事 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着自己的愤怒 , 奥巴文飞行速度在最大速度上向多乌的维拉飞行 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容 , 可以实现国家规范 , 所有指标都是我们的请求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨已经组成了一个国际联盟政府 , 并声称新选举将在未来几个月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	战时纪念来了 , 所以通常 , 莱宁拉德的第70周年纪念可能看起来不明显 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	如果你在这三个方面拥有过三个 , 所以祝贺你 , 你已经成为一排的女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	双阳 , 火烧了地狱 , 你在一个不可避免的地方 , 很快就挖出水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	哈特福德南部的一个小社区20英里 , 是康涅尔中场的一部分 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将再次成为星期五 , 但是它将在九点钟 , 他会在这里 , 所以我认为这将是很多有趣的 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	我们不确定在常规木粒的地方完成不寻常的 " 稳定 " , 但是这是纯粹主观的 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反应是指法律建设的新建设可以适用于过去事件和行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢下去 , 考虑你的注意力 , 你会同意在浏览web时回答电子邮件 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数抗议者都被称是在首都mbane , 而且不能得到曼子尼 , 45分钟的驱动 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上在戏剧上花了 , 这个芭蕾告诉了一个水电坝的胜大象建筑的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢在低键的情况下使用这个策略 , 比如杂货店、咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	随后一小山告诉记者 , 他每天早上都在5点钟 , 第一件事就是帮助母亲理解厕所 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 在内部国家拥有强大的出现 , 与当地卫生官员工作肩膀 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	阿杜:那部电影在帽子里 , 甚至显示了我们的立法者在电视上战斗 。 谢什 ! 脸上有什么损失 。
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	在这些cnv删除的数量中 , 人们在基因组中拥有了广泛的变化 , 有些人拥有数百万 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	" 我是一个低廉的生活成本和大型的纺织品 , 巴基尔人肯定会在这个城市找到爱 ! " 租赁.com说 。
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	权力主义者认为开放性是资源集成者必须拥有最重要的质量 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	粉末形式中的真菌毒素应储存在冰箱里 , 防止曝光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	半漂浮层燃烧器提供了风吹煤装置和煤颗粒筛选装置 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fgets、fgets、fread、fscanf和fclose函数也返回错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳定的视觉成像部分 , 一个稳定的视觉信息处理部分和电机驱动部分 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流量分析在指导代谢工程中的遗传操作具有重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 在过去计算中 , 需要近似的情况下 , 模拟了消防器 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	在这个数据库中显示了列表中的所有列表 , 这些列表都有独特的单列索引 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地质物理学家都知道 , 地质物理学是一种广泛应用于地球物理学的方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约纽约市盈利的迹象导致周二股市的早期收益 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定国有股权代表的工作计划 , 为了对国家持有和联合托克公司的代表作出准备 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:4例胫骨猪成功从淋巴细胞成功地克隆 , 同时70例髋关节炎 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种跟踪修复床 , 与前一段可倾斜的截面相关 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	其他所有的牛皮皮革 , 没有头发 , 单位表面区域不超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一条跑道的河 , 我们正等待着双方的q3721 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈学室提供特殊的第一次推广 , 允许新娘在10美元下进行课程 , 有时候可以免费 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评价厚过滤皮移植的神经损伤表面的感觉恢复 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前 , 矿产企业的有效税收率低于非矿产企业的1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数的社会昆虫中 , 比如洗衣、蜜蜂和蚂蚁 , 雌性规则 。 女性是工人 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	通过模拟和实验 , 研究了低电压系统短路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	插入到表之后 , 数据库返回了id列的值只插入到表中 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义都有自己独特的创意思和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	通过在夏季和冬季提到的方法 , 利用能源消耗降低了一定的结论 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论在r.flavictus中没有耐药性测定 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	孟时代女士开始查询一个关键问题 , " 他做了一批经理 , 很大程度上做了很多呢 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆·威特维基:绅士...让我把你介绍给我的朋友:最优先 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	玉兴北部位于太黄山顶部 , 是一个温度的大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在例外的情况下 , 丹迪可以允许客户机重新启用或修改相关指令序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常环境 , 以及选择的宏观之间 , 非常薄的保护组织 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	专业设计师为您创建各种设计风格 , 经验丰富 , 经验丰富 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 当你在飞行上创建功能的时候 , 对于lambdas的真正优势是需要的 。 例如 , 没有变量参考 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人们 , 老朋友和亲戚免费搜索工具人 , 包括41页白色 " 页面 " 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这个设计 , 双臂椅风格的变化 , 就像轻松的一样 , 法国短暂 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 如果你本周打出了100磅的话 , 那么下周你应该试着做105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	嗯 , 宇宙的概念是古代人类广泛传播的一个 , 你可能是熟悉的 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	正常铅生产的分离过程可离开 , 产品具有较高的产量和质量 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论改善非典型脑膜ct诊断精度的关键是定位肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有的操作描述都在手下和修订下 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法来解决无线性测量函数的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	在印度 , 是建造基于煤炭的电厂 , 是主要气候污染物的大型煤炭电厂 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你覆盖了诱导 , 看梅勒的方法来诱导我最后一次简单地提到它 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一位老农民种植了他从市场买的种子 , 秋天来了 , 没有收获 , 因为种子是假的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	该公司总体收益率增长至36.3% , 年度的34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	186例肝移植患者中 , 4例发育的肺炎属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	" 父母意味着成熟足以帮助孩子适应消失 , " achenbach说 。
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外界事件从贷款完成过程的监测模型发送此米值 , 到高层监测模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天比日本的日本规则要多 , 它的罪人意味着 , 越来越多的三次差异 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的纪念仪式与周和卢的祭祀时期相比 , 提供等 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至通知 , 烟雾吸烟可能严重犹豫不仅吸烟者 , 而且还是吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结山南方教授在胸部梗阻方面的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	没有发现检测材料 , 适用于阻抗特殊雷达吸收器 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了用于太阳能热单元的铝合金支持的电泳涂层工艺 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效果和其他温暖的饮料 , 比如茶或可可乐 , 可以提高你的精神 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨异常j波的临床和心电图特征 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:研究米拉比利斯jalapa和althaea玫瑰的萌发特征 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多刀垂直切割机的应用范围和结构 , 以及珠绝缘线的应用范围 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆柱容器具有广泛的口腔开放 , 便于容易填充和方便的内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	千年和世纪尺度的快速气候变化是古气候研究中最重要的方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	适用于林间的广泛应用范围是公安机关中过多的广泛问题 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国结束了一座远程北部城镇的量子封锁 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这个问题 , 我们已经通过单个hsc实现了一系列组织重建的研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎后慢性前列腺炎的发病因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	随着眼睛健康公司 , 巴斯和洛姆向世界各地的消费者提供了完善的视觉和提高生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助制药企业顾客解决问题 , 人类健康追求是我们的理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街头骨架线和建筑骨架线的块普遍化方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	另一端是苏明 , 来自北京一所大学的农民和研究 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大公司已经开始雇用西方人 , 经历了最好的美国和欧洲设施 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到世界的真理 , 来证实佛教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为实现控制算法 , 本文采用plc , 设计了pid控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	17年1月17日 , 伊德阿拉哈的宗教节日宣布了几天的爆发 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以在我们的网站上提交自己的想法或评论 , 或者你可以发送一封信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个人彼此增长更舒适 , 你会看到更多的头部倾斜 , 因此更加暴露颈部 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	其他法国党享受了支持的记录 , 因为投票人抛弃了传统的权利 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论氧化碳复杂并发的高碱疗法是较高的治愈率和变形率 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一名球员 , 丹佛nuggets教练乔治·卡尔被纳入了 , 他在球队过去的仪式 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼被加载到omega3和蛋白质中 , 但它们也包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个祖母里拿到的骄傲 , 或者对那些人来说的感情开始膨胀和增长 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了使用清单1中所示的xslt任务生成的检查样式报告的示例 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	一个中央新泽西的社区 , 一个新的布鲁斯威克郊区 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	本方法可以通过单一评价方法克服局限性 , 满足精确评价效果的需求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升 , 温暖的空气形成明显的无形云 , 可见于卫星和模型图像 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	一个包装区别于一个瓶子 , 它是一个特殊的小型软件 , 它可以帮助您执行专注的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	附近的突特拉有一个令人迷惑的中海风格的水面 , 现在的哈尔堡主要是由巡逻者使用 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持此 , 为了支持命令vmdeloymgr.sh的三个选项 , 提供了vdm的主要应用 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券都是标准的市场 , 但这项新加坡仍然允许证券在历史成本上运行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想让国家公务员的财产透明 , 我们应该建立和消费制度 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbs论坛作为获得消息和沟通的工具 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子花在不错的好意志上 , 她的夜晚在争论中 , 直到她的声音生长 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你正处于一只小块前面的时候 , 周期上升不一定要在刹车下骑行 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	布朗克斯动物园是不可思议的 , 幻想的 , 非常有领域的 , 带着如此多的看法和做的动物园 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是 , 为什么想让交叉技术混合ui组件吗 ? 韦恩解释了一些使用cass的用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 基于jw1h医院信息系统的基础上 , 我们设计并开发了军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	弗拉和nfma都加强发展中国家的能力 , 以管理他们的森林信息基地 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小规模的化学运行并从美国铜矿中污染 , 证明了科罗拉多的灾害 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	本周四来自墨西哥的上海飞行员和其他41名乘客到达上海 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果需要的tc的准确度 , 必须采取最多的区域效应 , 必须考虑到最多的区域效应 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一种重型、高建造的煤炭环氧涂料 , 用于浸渍服务的钢和混凝土保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	民法制度的 " 文化 " 是从自由资本主义转型到垄断资本主义的过渡开始的 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	任何这些位置或风格都是为了登录所需的细用户提供的 , 可以找到没有挫败或错误的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	考察了肝重、体重、tg、tdlc、hdlc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已经达到了世界标准 。 " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	十四耶稣问他们 , " 哪个法律在萨伯斯:为了做好或做恶魔 , 救生还是杀死呢 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一位19岁的工人马湘乾的身体被发现在他的高层门前发现 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你可能还记得媒体被称为 " 近视的马戈先生 " , 并且 " 麻烦 " 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但是在爱丁堡大学毕业后 , 他在自然历史上获得了更多的兴趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	我的青少年参与了如此多的活动:学校 , 孩子坐着 , 教堂 , 体育 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	其他人说:这里的选举在另一个尺寸上留下了选举 , 这可能是字符或其他的 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	洛斯说 , 研究结果显示 , 精确了解体重、体脂和疾病之间的关系的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户维持他们的网站朋友列表 , 并且看其他朋友添加了谁 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家谈论工资平等 , 但我父亲在整个职业生涯中做了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 中国三英寸的金莲和西部的珊瑚也有这样的残酷的时尚 , 比如中国三英寸的金莲 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果赞成了vodafone集团和意大利电信公司的权利 , 在意大利销售iphone 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 这个概念是用你不能得到的东西来存储你的裤子 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维克·弗里斯切的基本前提是管理其他人民的钱的费用 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的冲击实验中 , 得到直接冲击技术能满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	两个客房里有1500w分离的墙型空调 , 可调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个逮捕的图片来绘制眼睛和覆盖线 , 通过给出一个令人惊讶的想法来获得生存的精神 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 , 请不要期待我做床的完美 , 画一张照片或扔球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	过去五年里 , 慢性发现 , 他们的媒体增加 , 调整通货膨胀 , 达到19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法采用改良的trapelisa检测2780细胞的端粒酶活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做许多选择 , 但是如果你想要做什么 , 咨询ocapri项目维基页面 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一个新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我将尽快与这个团队合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	艾米莉·迪金森和她的姐拉文尼亚住在一个名叫 " 家庭 " 的高雅房子里 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	接着我整个晚上住了 , 醒了一台硬板 , 让蚊子从她身边走去 , 就像一个卫星一样 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始思考这些问题在你在冥想中做什么时候 , 他们甚至更加稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而在实践中 , 我们看到政府官员属于最为犯罪和 " 法律 " 的职业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书 , 我们从时候出来了 ! 你必须向车辆设备给车辆 , 并从城市提取了它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们已经在一系列港口建立了 , 每个独特的目标 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇到了她未来的丈夫陈纳尔特 , 他是中国主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了移动的目标之外 , 男人需要提升 , 否则不能提高自己的目标 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这实际上我认为从希腊语中产生的话 , " synkope " , synkope , synkope 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的影响是城市收入的侵蚀 , 因此税收的财产价值基地继续缩短 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在m1也许是摩托普最好的自行车 , 雅马哈拥有很好的骑手 , 所以看起来似乎不需要我 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的喜悦 , 他带来了我的生命 , 因为每一个梦想都是真的 , 因为我在他身上找到的所有爱 , 我永远感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑蚁获得了几年的工作经验 , 合作与标准合作 , 设计特色和完善的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑了大型机械远程测试的相同特性 , 该系统在其它大型机械测试过程中可用于测试 , 找到缓冲应用 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最受欢迎的方式应用程序之一 , 其中28 , 000份来自gourmet和博恩酒店 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	世界范围内的增长越来越慢 , 在19年早些时候 , 由于4月份数据的26个国家减少了 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统学家们把手带到 " 价值 " 和 " 示范化 " 的手里 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	而且 , 如果他们在这里做了转移rna的rna分子 , 那么你的细胞只能在另一端放入leucine 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水饱和缺陷、自由水、边界水和细胞sap浓度均与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要攻击 , 拉霍尔和其他地震中 , 杀死了100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	看起来 , 花色与总黄酮含量的差异没有明显的法律 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	在1996年的大风格中 , 1996年的一年报告是由电子地面创建的咖啡色彩的纸制成的 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家的路 , 我很容易 , 穿着沙滩 , 心里 , " 波普斯 " 歌曲 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 我今晚不会喝酒 , 因为我是指定的司机 , 只是给我的葡萄酒给指定的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 讨论了梯度类聚硅烷的研究难点 , 并提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	本文介绍了 " 海关301船 " 的全尺度测试结果 , 并提出了无流量坦克和海洋的 " 海关 " 的全尺度测试结果 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 还有其他火山站点 , 比如mtetna和火山 , 可能适合研究者的模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	潘度立即送出最好的萨普郡、橡胶和钻石的订单 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会带来压力 , 让你自己像电影和舞蹈这样的一些娱乐活动 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友之间 , 工作选择是最可能从政府中提高投票的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人已经达成共识 , 坚持联合开发和加速咨询的总体方向 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这对于阿詹·罗本和乔·科尔来说很糟糕的消息 , 我正在努力看看他们如何在团队获得正常的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在家里安全保持设施 , 水 , 享受舒适的纯水 , 下午4点钟 , 因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 玉兴石的文本研究在理想的世界纯粹度上 , 红色管理的梦想保持着小水 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除消除 , 或制造 , 通过消除单点失败 , 来消除计划和未解决的下滑时间 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能继续恢复 , 左臂仍然固定在左手腕腕骨架启动时 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨高氧诱导慢性肺炎患者血管紧张素i型受体表达情况 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册查找表在同行解决方案上重新运行的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	本合同的任何修正应当被买方和卖方签署的任何修正 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	空间科学院高速计算中心为学生提供了高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	在获得许可科学程度之后 , 我在1960年10月进入了我们的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	gpo的目录是美国政府出版的可搜索的联邦出版社 , 链接到这些可用的网上 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	在2006年至2010年之间 , 美国图片并没有获得一项专利从10家公司中获得的五家专利 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管预计 , 赵伟也强调 , 表演工作没有手段 , 但赵伟也强调其余的表现 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈伊克和罗宾斯应该强调关键于私人水果的怀疑主义 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是一个关注欧洲和运动的重要影响的国家 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由其大小约束的病毒使用重叠的阅读框架来生成蛋白的完整补充 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二维是 , 你需要更多的财政刺激 , 在这个国家 , 可以支持它 , 这是前载的 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁和渗透你的脸 , 用柠檬汁洗去 , 你也可以在黑头上洗去 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:改进和发展三阳的综合分化 , 探讨经典的经典性疾病的疗效 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	室内的选择并不会堆积一些可燃和爆炸的物质 , 室内吸收阻止燃烧的物质 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	扩展功能自动定位所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境下 , 用于监测和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内 , 我们的客户包括宝钢、手钢、任何钢、姜钢等大型铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘书服务估计 , 有1亿美元的反馈美元每年印刷 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	道兴志教师的专业道德从历史和实践两个方面出发 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本论文采用自组织竞争神经网络在异步电机的识别中应用 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立hplc方法 , 建立一种用于复方氧化合物和酮芬鼻喷雾的同时评价方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国国防建立的可能 , 意识到中国已经破坏了f17的秘密 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	最近一项调查显示 , 大约78.9%的大学生希望在毕业后进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼经常被描述为人类邪恶的骚扰 , 正义上是穆塔罗的一半 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	利用光敏聚合物 , 实现了高温比例 , 通过重叠itopixel电极和总线 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的财务状况尤其糟糕 , 半数人说 , 他们有这样的债务 , 他们不能拯救 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 查理的天使 , 爱船 , 王朝 , 永远希望90210和梅尔罗斯地方 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	艾滋病/艾滋病联合国联合国项目已经建立了一项委员会 , 研究亚洲和太平洋的疾病及其对发展的影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	作为罗森布莱特笔记 , 黑写作的批评经常被当作黑人史上暴露的前提 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	你应该提醒 , 除非你给予正确和完成信息 , 否则你将会出席任何相关的事件 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的大型工程师thomassenkel , 本周第一次飞行的机器持续1分钟 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	我的阴影知识 , 缺乏实际经验 , 希望读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	在这时刻 , 对于我来说 , 地球的心是这个无眠的春夜 , 今天早晨在悲惨的冥想中希望 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 移民不应该那么粗鲁地处理 , " 一位绝望的父母说 , " 他们对我们来说是非常受欢迎的 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展现出来自studio的电影目录的动画特征 , 并有一个手机展览动画摄影室 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰的三分之一 , 从火基地上加入火焰 , 将火焰分离出来 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	夜晚 , 静静地进入西方 , 忽视地球的细微或多少阴影在想象边缘 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她在她右边的银牌上穿着银牌的时候 , 马的第一个直觉就是逃离危险 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于二次结晶的发生 , 由于二次结晶产生的发生 , 横轧板可以产生相对完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx之间的数据源记录与记录集对象的字段数据成员之间移动数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	利用肥化使稻米产量稳定、高 , 协调氮供应和氮需求的平衡 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 每个职位都与一个新的女王蜜蜂带领了子床 , 然后 , 看看颈部几乎没有蜂蜜的数字 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开营 , 和他的船员一起重建道路 , 或是一座破坏的桥梁 , 吉尔伯特等待回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	结果表明 , 采用多样性热处理是实现相关转子锻造位置不同的性能的一种新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷和吸引性颜色可以升级药物的包装 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自那以来 , 父亲在6月第三日在全国范围内被他们家庭荣誉和认可 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么很多人都把自己放在桌前 , 用微波的一天吃饭呢 ? 因为它很方便吗 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是用简单的括号结构来平原文本 , 许多通道可以交换json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	紧急车辆的司机和参加者 , 无法放弃他们的邮件 , 死在哪里他们停止给援助和援助的地方 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	kevinrud昨晚与澳大利亚选民举了一段电影 , 以期与他们一起步进 , 为国家带来了新的未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了黄油化合物的反应机制及反应产品利用情况 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看起来非常紧密 , 我们的野花就像我们在花园里培养的任何东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这幅著名的画是2008年在澳大利亚的文档艺术中发现的千上万 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生活时间很短 , 每次都有享受生活的权利 , 享受美好的东西 , 包括这小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	最有效的提高薪水汤红酒 , 红酒 , 正式网站帕尼亚汤 , 酒 , 帕尼亚汤与效果有效 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 绍兴鸭年龄和饮食cp水平明显影响了cp保留率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城镇周围的自定义收集显示了很多文件夹ol , 但也有实际的事情 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音乐、轻、音乐和技术展览于五月至六日举行 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 在电影生长过程中 , 帕尼电影的剂量水平增加了膜厚度 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与对照组相比 , 颈动脉和颈动脉的mt和颈动脉的区域显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	总结了vsam文件的结构 , 以及vsam的数据空间、目录、数据保护和功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法采用308例nm激光治疗79例稳定性恶性患者的358例病变 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	第二代农民工 " 公民化 " 的平滑进展提出了相关建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些喜欢的机构服务 , 享受较短的距离、成本低、管理或监督的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡储层地区岩体力学性质的影响进行了评价 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署的机器接近最小磁盘或ram需求 , 那么它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法将患者分为不同组 , 将所有患者分为肾色多普勒能量成像检查 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃没有情绪到李俊凯微笑 , 总是用刘乾慧的性感场景打开醉酒 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 在妊娠期间 , 除了有效的抗抑郁药物 , 外 , 孕期间还有60%或更多的复发风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果动物研究中 , 肺动物能抑制葡萄球菌的生长 , 香草杆菌和香草菌的生长 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当有建筑物时 , 他们通常是贫困的泥土或adobe的结构 , 不会生存下雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转折点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示出不控制移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	同时 , 提出了一种基于cpld的基于两个amplude的普遍的基于cpld的控制器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一个犯罪抱怨 , 莫利亚在她的银行员工的时候 , 从福利亚的大量基金来自摩洛西亚 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他的民事服务员通常会参与下岗培训 , 不要每年积累12天 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化活性炭脱臭装置 , 用于污水泵站净化气体 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonames地理数据库可用于创建性共同属性许可下载免费的地理数据库 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯托也在整个历史上被称为 " 金买 " 的几个不同的传奇与它的开始和意义相关 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种低电压装置的粒子扫描优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这并不对 。 " 最后 , 瓦斯告诉我 , 我受到ptsd的伤害 , 后的压力障碍 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺院里 , 他发现男人卖牛 , 羊和狗 , 其他人坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	vbelt等效摩擦系数表明 , vbe带承载能力高于平面带 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子通常每晚都有夜间恐怖 , 通常有时候睡了几个小时 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	每年节省的增加成本 , 计算出各种可靠的个人和高风险个人 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可以使用基于gui的管理工具来修改基于特定环境的容器 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可是一种营养草药 , 许可证明许可证正在推迟phlegm和逮捕咳嗽 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo咨询业务外包服务提供了部分或全面化的各种服务 , 为客户在招聘期间提供各种服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去五十年以来 , 传递的民族主义是文学知识分子的常见现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	采用碘作为催化剂 , 合成了黄油醛和甘蔗醇 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文对接口自动化、时间界面自动化、资源界面和基于游戏的理念进行了调查 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	创伤事件 , 例如9/11恐怖袭击 , 也往往成为孩子的记忆中搜索的 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 半理论研究的起始是多维学术和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏人物会在实现教学对象和教学任务方面发挥重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这将是由自由民主党引入的改革引入的 , 重建日本长期经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	世界上先进液态氮卡车已在石油生产中应用 , 并在1994年进口了良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我奇怪的添加特征是那些像婴儿一样穿着的衣服 , 收集死亡的东西 , 以及在漂亮的沐浴 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯沃布顿表示 , 这个轰炸计划显示 , 成员们在开发可持续食品生产的领先角色 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	路透再次拯救埃瓦桑 , 周围医生和他的巨大的形式和从城堡墙上下降 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在 , 我们还可以检索我们的网格工作的一部分是我们自己的 , 只有能量 , 只能在那里获得洞穴和隙隙 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于那些曾经坚持烹饪和苏达的人来说 , 路到整个谷物 , 偶尔是蔬菜生命开始 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgf加斯晶体生长过程中的 " 界面效应 " 和多晶体的发生 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留电话号码 , 包括区域代码 , 当他们移动到州时 , 所以很难知道他们在哪里 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法选取11例加工阶段 , 采用天鹅甘肃铸化法对血动力监测进行研究 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本文的目的是 , 尽管本论文建立的研究模式仍然不足 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	经营首先 , 高兴后 , 国王理查德说当他坐在塔里的另一个王时 , 他吸烟了孩子 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	多孔硅和其制备技术在微传感器领域广泛应用于微传感器领域 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来 , 安全装置在这场运动中走了 , 今天晚上 , 没有什么能保护他们的失败 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像来自mesenger , 一个nasa发现的任务 , 来实现最内部的行星的第一个轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我的前老师告诉我 , 作为英语大学 , 我应该读大学巴巴巴拉 , 其中一个主要的球员之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘的作品展览的顾客jeromesans说 , 刘的作品显示了一个现代化的中国人在后面留下的现代化 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三个宝藏 , 他将他的路回到天堂 , 当他离开了珍珠的门口时 , 他决定检查他的纪念品 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸脸颊 , 嘴唇 , 胸部 , 腿 , 腿部 , 感觉他们的伴侣沿着他们的背部 , 大腿 , 胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	利用区域气候模型研究了我国土地利用和土地覆盖变化的区域气候响应 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	通过筛选蛋白的生物功能 , 其中选择蛋白p是一个特殊的isoform 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , chci3和ccl4浓度高于水源水中 , 尤其是ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	此外 , 应该有一些大爆炸场景 , 可以提供动作和破坏时刻 , 所以可能是有趣的和充分的 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在到达山顶 , 然后在一次转会后就会下楼 , 公共汽车正面临着一个无法接受的悬崖 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想公平地对员工 , " 玛丽·艾琳解释说 , 希拉斯博罗的超级代表 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍相关或非相关设施如评论位置、观测器座位、相机位等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	科学传播者已经被全球范围内应用 , 以开发涉及科学进展的公共决策的策略 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦带领了72%的人们报道说 , 美国在12月12日发生 , 而美国的报告率为59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨了这些考虑并讨了空气或冷却系统如何帮助您优化mig或tig焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	它们之间存在一些差异 , 温度论与超越性相比 , 但它们丰富 , 共同发展文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学院奖于1963年开始了视觉效果分类 , 虽然它被称为 " 特殊效果 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入密封理查德 " 马克 " 机器 , 在全球搜索最终武器周围的野生骑行 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸 , 看起来他已经等待了电话 , 然后给我的地址很有效 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	把重损伤交给你的目标超过9秒 , 大大减少了他们的箭头 , 只能从侧或后方使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的马拉里亚控制部门 , 与国际研究团队一起工作 , 一直在监测这个干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部部署 , 以及它的自我管理 , 自愈能力最小化人类干预的需求 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pd港已经提交计划在tetesport运动中开发一个10200万美元的进口中心 , 用于使用一个主要的英国零售商 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 潮湿 , 小不点 , 冰冷的王子 , 蓝神经节奏器 , 舞大三角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地分散法使农民进步更容易从大型公共领域购买未开发的土地 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在回答一个模式中 , 您可以设置预定义的数字 , 并在这个电话应该自动答案之后选择的环数 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	近2000名员工在全球范围内提供技术、系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	下一次你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能从物理出生之前从哪里找出它 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析师表示 , 尽管如此 , 中国将会把它的行业融合到公司里 , 像布洛姆伯格 , 时间沃纳和维亚克一样 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果一个rac节点停止工作 , oracle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到oracle的rac节点和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在通知的过去 , 一个发展中国家倾向于被视为一个缺乏现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdpet延迟图像在腹部恶性肾炎诊断中的应用价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	分析了夏季马洛多污染的出现特点 , 提出相应的操作措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:采用彩色对称法测定葡萄糖和葡萄糖的复合物 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	李毅江被解除为四川人民国会代表的职责 , 由于怀疑英国 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	此言之后 , 政治顾问早期提出的建议 , 呼吁政府放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	白领的原因是他们在职业生涯中追求工作成绩的原因是 , 白领的原因在于增加工作相关的压力 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 所有的地震发生了 , 我想 , 是卡马 ? 当你不错的事情发生在你身上 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当被修改的时候 , 这个集体知识使软件模式和分类为反模式 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文综述了近年来磁聚合物微球的成果和应用情况 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象相似的尘埃柱向热蓝色的恒星点 , 是他们的愤怒效果的告诉迹象 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但是非常老的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf的实现 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船舶应该使用p.ox地址 , 接收者电话号必须包含在标签上 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要的研究 , 为了确定我们需要多久才能继续双重的抗板治疗的决定 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论什么原因 , 我倾向于认为他作为一个低文件 " 内部 " , 但他的出版历史相信这张图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	前卫维拉在全国体育团队的目标中 , 这次他对英格兰的比赛时 , 维拉也平等地突破了进球 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿的父母是很犹豫的 , 让一个最古老的儿子立即安排工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能量中心位于人类神经系统的主要分支 , 从脊髓到头部的顶部 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	当决定一个特定的业务动机发言人以规则和指导你的团队时 , 你必须相信你的本能 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	一个新的连接网站的初始版本 , 临床和翻译科学网络将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破坏是影响粗粒材料湿化变形的重要因素 , 较快的研究是必要的 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了三维扫描的工作原理 , 并介绍了atos光学扫描仪的系统校准 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织已向格兰贾斯卡罗尔农场发送检查 , 调查结果尚未公布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名签名权有个人权利的属性 , 涉及地位权利 , 财产权利和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文对其物理、化学、生物学性质及免疫化学检测方法进行了研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	总体来说 , 武器作为 " 太平洋最强的贡献因素之一 " 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	然而 , 小组结论 , 这些异常是由木星在冲击后流入裂缝的时候创建的 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	同样 , 死亡必须是坟墓 , 没有双重的 , 没有给许多葡萄酒 , 不要贪婪过滤的葡萄酒 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	研究了移植淀粉和pva1799混合物的两种尺寸混合物 , 分析了溶液系统的稳定性 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	预浓缩汁为多效蒸发器提供了一种多效蒸发器 , 除了第二部分水以形成集中 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	1974年夏天 , 曾在福建省泉州湾挖掘过一条古代的宋代河流 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	要说 , 旅行是奢侈品 , 而且不必要的化石燃料产生是过度简化的 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是在垂直位置.149.9 , 但我会认为我测量的不确定性可能是1毫米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文对农业研究机构内部会计控制的现状进行了分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃显示了日常环境中的化学插入 , 并不会与生活事物反应 , 因此它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	总合成的第一步是通过美国7步实现的 , 总产量超过14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果在大学注册人也在做课程 , 他或她可能扮演学生和注册者的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	运算结果表明 , 这种方法在成像精度较高的基础上 , 运算结果显示 , 这种方法在高成像精度下 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农产品的充分供应 , 通过多渠道来增加农民收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解外肺结核的菌株培养、细菌类型和药敏度 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	通过对整个结构的主要因素进行了分析 , 使整个结构简化 , 责任轻化和视觉化 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其他基本油或合成杀虫剂时 , 某些必要油的合成作用 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏的元素可以改善后期的渲染 , 使你更容易跟随 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	本例给出了图形上 , 信心水平和不确定限制均匀r.v 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	沥青矿的管道变形特征是在肩部和墙厚增加的变形特征 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 没有私营部门的历史 , 还不包括在历史书的正式历史上 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	21世纪是信息社会 , 信息安全是我国安全战略的一部分之一 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨粉颗粒尺寸和钾量对晶粒尺寸的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种固醇耐药率相似 , 药物耐药率为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了隐藏技术、目标特点和检测技术 , 以及隐藏巡航导弹的检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频彩色多普勒超声在肺动脉造影对儿童的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三个规则在数值控制复杂的组件下进行了数值控制 , 以及仿真过程 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨双维离子室阵列在加速器日常质量保证中的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育哲学是教育环境中的一种研究模式或方法 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已成为一个普遍的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们愿意与一个生命长的性传播疾病或贫困的卫生人一起约会有些人 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	通过基于p波粒子振动的协调旋转 , 实现了不同深度的源组件 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热垫通常是不灵活的 , 而且不要从电源出发工作 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 张子 " 是张州的战国时期 , 是道教的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他化合物或治疗浓度没有明显的吸引力或反应的对女性成年的行为 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	显然 , 这位科学家称这家摄影公司为 " 缺陷 " 电影取代了一个替代 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来10天 , 我将在chq上做过时间 , 因为大量的客户订单 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他将要求国会增加援助 , 巴基斯坦 , 但他回归巴基斯坦 , 希望巴基斯坦承担安全 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期和智慧地使用的话 , 我可能永远不会有另一个寒冷、支气管炎、流感或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	也许 , 当他们碰到青少年时 , 会有一些背景 , 但是至少他们会有大多数的生命来同样的信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse允许您自动生成hahcode和等的方法 , 这样你不必做它 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	架构师可以通过预先应用程序或服务实现的情况来确定哪些用例 , 它们需要建立或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们应该宁愿认识到我们的语言的猜测精神 , 上面是 " 理解 " 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	因为微流量比长期运行过程更好 , 如果可能的话 , 使用一个微流量来实现代理流程 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 这种状态不会被人们所熟悉的角色作为严格适应的典型耳朵的一个组成部分 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月111日 , 金正日在张江省新建的康吉农场检查 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	一项新的研究显示 , 红色的猴子将是最威胁的主要原子之一 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	在你的游戏中 , 启发的参与正在选择 , 参与到你身边的东西 , 充分享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有很好的时间 , 你不应该问问你在采访结束的时候怎么做 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	美国零售主要的沃尔玛在2008年执行 , 全球范围内的所有冰冻机都会与led相关 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者注意到 , 前瞻性、随机化、安慰剂控制试验需要确认这一观察研究的结果 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你不知道更多关于unicorns , 因为我读过同样的书 , 听到同样的故事 , 而且我从来没有看过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p播放者几乎做到银行做的一切都是市场产品 , 评估借款者 , 写下和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售房子的情况下 , 程序需要从建筑的一个端到另一个端的线性运动来移动人们 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	唐代茶经历了数千年来中国西南地区的传播 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室的长一天之后 , 你可能会在你新的平板电视面前突破家庭和崩溃 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	在印度 , 8.6%的女孩在15岁至19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在尼泊尔 , 这个数字高达10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事检查凯特的生命作为摄影师和访问者 , 以及成为党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都能让你笑 , 许多人都能哭泣 , 但它需要一个人真的特别来让你微笑 , 眼里的泪水 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海军和狗处理器迈克·道克在采访中放下来 , " 只要狗跟处理者一起 , 他爱着生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	同时 , 他还在迪斯尼 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑白短缺的弗兰克韦尼 , 约有一个男孩 , 他的死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一位专家认为 , 几年来 , 美国已经投资了技术 , 以使汽车更加有效 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	那些担心失去工作的人 , 让他们从饮料减少 , 减少风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	男人补充说: " 在扎利坦中部的一个大型混凝土建筑上指出: " 他们在所有的运动上都有密切的观察 。
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	如果你必须释放一个单身的东西 , 就会使用 , 如果你想做一个荷兰的妻子吗 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	但是当它来到学生的困难比例时 , 他们的排名下降了 , 清华22分 , 23rd下降了 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速、准确预测弹性寿命的新方法 , 最小实验和成本的计算方法 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	还可以检查你的手机或pda-你永远不会错过你在你的口袋里或追求时的一段时间 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏格汉娜说 , 今年1月 " 基亚克是世界范围内最大的交通源头 。 "
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们想要4000个朋友到我们的账户只从希腊 , 谁主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	那些相信透明度有内在价值 , 或者它应该是正常的 , 最初可能与这个方法有很大的困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	当您需要将输入阵列分开到两个或更小的基于输入数据的标准时 , 您可以使用这个技术 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼工业指数上涨178.08点 , 或1.53% , 11836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	它是一个步骤 , 程序上来自大型模型 , 至少需要一些产品要求的概念 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	高质量蒸汽面包是由大豆粉制成的 , 加入适当的烘烤大豆粉或饮食纤维 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	化学家jeanbaptiste杜马斯 , 法国农业部长 , 被指控停止流行病 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李斯科特 , 沃尔玛的老板 , 世界上最大的零售商李斯科特说 , 为了改善他的供应链的巨大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	以色列继续在加沙周围的地面部队做好准备 , 以色列仍然继续进行地面攻击 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	游客去海滩 , 他们去拉缪岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫巴萨 , 他们坐着喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	sife是一个孵化器 , 育一只爱心 , 养生自信 , 产生很多年轻的团体 , 能够做得很好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是理由的惩罚 , 没有疑问 , 但一个人必须认识到原因的惩罚 , 然后把一个帽子送到他身边 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更高兴的是冷轧后的织物 , 质量提高 , 如新客户的良好和用户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	利用斯皮兹太空望远镜拍摄的图片 , 科学家首先从更近的星星和星系中删除了光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设置自己的可达的目标 , 她会学会在自己身上获得骄傲 , 依靠其他人获得奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥斯群岛在沙滩 , 以及供应储备方面的重要性 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这只鸟的其他名字是皇家鸽子 , 庆祝绿色皇家鸽子和绿色皇家鸽子 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持它清洁 , 清晰 , 伪装 , 但确实关注特定的客户的利益 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	经济理论的主要内容 , 包括股市流动或国家产品等大规模现象 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活让自己从压力的活动中断出来 , 这就像任何一样容易放松的工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	在上次我们看到过的完全弹性碰撞的情况下 , 我们失去了动力能量 , 这将转换为热量 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	同时 , 体育可能在绿色带购买一片土地 , 还有很少或没有知识的行政系统 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们所谓的 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它是基于拉丁 , 古罗马帝国的语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果是允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 而且在销售额为12.99美元 , 并且在此基础上显示的名称 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们不想被摄影的名人 , 是那些严肃的关注的假说 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于预防多频测试eddy电流技术的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这在设计烛台上创建一个匹配标签 , 自动将字段绑定到实例中节点 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	血清、肌肉和肝胰腺中pod的活性仍然稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	可是他是一名勇士 , 当他上升时 , 他的最后一次嘴里非常紧张 , 他的肩膀正在平静 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔吉姆送了四架f16喷射和150名军事人员帮助利比亚没有飞行区 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色的黑鸟被视为脚后 , 农民在他们的领域 , 准备另一个赛季 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	虽然周期的试验 , 国家不能在没有炎症整个人口的情况下 , 这样的活动也不能过去 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	时尚世界的一个品牌之一是米罗 , 它的趋势设计出来于巴塞罗那 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但是几天后 , 经历类似的事情 , 当我独自触发了一个记忆 , 让我错过安迪 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	与此同时 , 关于文本的研究一直是为了开支的努力使用的一个广泛奖励 , 因为我们希望它将成为其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	本论文以两个方面关注:关闭e2的输送壳的必要条件和充分条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在电影里 , 他总是穿着一个假的肌肉 , 拥有穷人的衣服 , 经常用罐子走得很有趣 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国在坦克林无私地撞击了反叛 , 坐在第二次世界大战结束后 , 一百万越南人在一次世界大战之后 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	结果 , 您得到了两个并行连接器 , 一个为每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 然后再返回 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准尺寸服装改变了一个像莱弗科兹这样的男人 , 最后一个比例可以出现错误 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年各样的路线都不同 , 带着骑士和扇子穿过山 , 小镇 , 以及巴黎街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你曾经在景观设计和城市设计中实践过 , 15年 , 你曾经在职业生涯中有过任何挫折 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	来自雅拉山谷的一个优雅的chardonnay , 美丽的柑橘 , 新鲜的杏香 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子们站在他开口的时候 , 惊讶地盯着一分钟 , 然后盖茨: " 你没收到我的电子邮件吗 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南说 , 三架飞机与凤凰飞机相似 , 在飞行之前再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话解释是如此有效的基础工具 , 大多数社会运动组织都使用一个或两个 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师长期以来已经知道 , 设计更小、更轻的车辆是满足更强的燃料经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听看参议员是25分的前锋 , 但他希望我们继续跑步 , 就像我们背后的路一样 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里安补充道: " 他们知道他的脸部 , 甚至十天后 , 呆在太阳里 , 他的脸没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过详细的数学推导 , 阐述了水平轴向与坑角之间的耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明她和丈夫占领了独立的房间 , 在自己震惊足够的事务状态下 , 她和丈夫就占领了独立的房间 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	高度禁止非经营者或非维修人员应进入模具吸收机安全保护铁路 , 以避免吸收分量 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 在一些发展中国家和日本等发达国家的纺织工业中 , 乙酸纤维在纺织工业中的发展和应用已经相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本研究建立的烟草烟草烟草烟草烟草烟草种的精度为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用异丙烷诱导高血糖的模型 , 观察血糖对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 通过eml教育建模语言 , 学习内容和功能结构对实践中的教育模式进行了抽象 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	基于地质统计区域化变量和变量图 , 详细描述了kriging插值技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤联系 , 克罗顿油会引起突破和痛苦的皮肤灌溉 , 会持续三周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了双发电机并行运行系统的离散时间滑动模式控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	虽然更多的病例是由特定的报告系统报告 , 但问题集中于延迟报告案例 , 因此 , 需要完善报告系统 。
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	超过500个救援机构正在海地运营 , 天空充满飞机发酵供应到港口 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	聚合物光纤作为短暂通信网络的理想传输介质 , 聚合物光纤具有良好的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国与新世界的几个展览有关 , 实际上发现了一个新的土地 , 在半球南部的一部分 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	联盟合金是近年来飞机建设的一种新型材料 , 是其弹性低模块的一种新型飞机建材 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 它 " 实现工具解决不提供 " 排放 " 的规定和环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的前一年里 , 大卫的统治中 , 发现在吉拉德的杰兹的杰泽 , 在他们中间有很多人 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实际需求相比 , 双边业务合作享有巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极体验的主要原因允许吸收、集成和精神化经验的负面部分 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干鱼 , 干燥 , 干燥 , 壳子 , 海卷 , 壳壳 , 干燥的海蛇 , 藻类 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	通过预埋烧伤的方法 , 讨论了烧伤对内蒙古内蒙古人群的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷酸盐肥料在这样的国家使用时 , 产量增加 , 但在农民和环境方面 , 成本高 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 采用浸泡颗粒的浸泡法制备沥青苷含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	只有 , 建立了桥梁纤维动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的断裂动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督教离婚在上海举行了多媒体的照片展览 , 展示了其妻子离婚的手袋 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , 约旦国王abdullahii指出了一项策略 , 使约旦成为一个区域信息技术hb 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定要让自己更加聪明 , 对于一个人来说 , 就像不能解决的问题 , 可能是乐观的 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是simmel的艺术思想中的一个重要分类 , 也是在ail中表达美学的表达 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	正如你所爱的那样 , 要确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦 , 和不舒服 , 可以通过使用卢比来互相工作 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会玩小的歌曲 , 唱歌来赞美春天的歌曲 , 这个人将给每个家庭带来一张牛的照片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 首席执行官 , 你不应该把我那么接近 。 如果你做的话 , 另一个舞蹈 , 我的声誉永远会失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的历史中 , 黄皇帝的后裔一直被正确骄傲的现有孔子的存在 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的殖民大小将适合一个寺庙或城市广场 , 是一个年轻的青春、青春的小孩 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千个岛屿湖区ndvipatch梯度的景观指数的结果反映了植物群落的状况 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更多有机肥料不仅能提高土壤聚集结构和基本特征 , 而且对水土耦合的影响也很明显 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这种独特的 , 很容易洗发 , 发柔软 , 光滑 , 很容易管理新鲜 , 轻脆 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	帕德里托试图画他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的亲戚 , 所有人都觉得自己在外面站着 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮机的三维逆向设计方法 , 根据流量参数和泵的变革 , 提出了一种基于涡轮机的叶片设计方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	现在 , 它包含了一个高端的波特 , 可能是beane先生对这些古董商的笑话 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新列车开始运行时 , 它只需要一半小时 , 这只是一个小时的时间 , 比它需要吃午餐 , 还要吃一点 。
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	溃疡化学技术建立在创新和成功的关键上 , 继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , msc在任何时候都在文化层面表达了bdnf 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	在所有的香料中 , 沙漠 , 塔加拉 , 蓝莲 , 蓝莲 , 玉米的香味是最甜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家国外投资公司 , 属于澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernateshards文档 , 该属性非常昂贵 , 应该在生产环境下转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	上升冲击了罗马的荣誉团体 , 成为了克里亚的贵族和民间传递的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:探讨钛铸件表面反应层的组成、结构和微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	测量工具的性能和兼容性 , 超过了我们的超级英国桌面计量工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:总结了3501指数之间 , 35个涉及的包含标准 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多尺寸或替代面部设计可以为获得良好的适合和密封提供额外的选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本 , 城市员工中发现的数字是说不包括没有工作的人 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne不存在于现代英国 , 但在英国南部沿海的一个小镇里 , 还有一个wmborne 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同时 , 为了刺激经济 , 政府应该回归低利息贷款 , 这是为了房屋、汽车、大市场项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	重新启动geronimo将纠正一个错误 , 但是当数据库访问另一个时 , 再生成异常 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝金斯尔 , 打护士 , 声明说: " 在多利特的袭击之前 , 美国人知道没有什么但是打败 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	在分析cobweb算法的基础上 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了根系的根长度、茎高度、茎基直径、以下生物量 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信信相信 , 大多数faei在星期六在互联网上发布 , 呼吁他的亲戚发布 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟吸烟药物如zyban , 可用处方 , 帮助许多人无法获得体重 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	鉴定了24个犹太国家的10个发病组的12个可行性研究总体 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发以确定土地供应量的大小 , 以提高土地规范 , 阻止土地保护行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后采用燃烧热的方法 , 分别利用不同晶体变化的热稳定性 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生学生的医学顾问团队建设是医生培养素质的重要组成部分 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文提出了一种在多输入多输入多输入单元系统中的功率平衡方法 , 并对其性能进行了分析 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	聚类技术提供了一种低级消息结构 , 它保持集群同步的所有节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常被感染人员的大气传播到沙利瓦咳嗽的小滴中 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列出了许多需要和选择的密码图形算法 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金顺警告明章不要打破郑中和嘉惠 , 或者他将离婚明章真正的身份 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他似乎很大程度地寻找她的意识中所有的倾向点 , 这样就要冲击她最可能的伤口 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动化建模技术是研究交通流动力学问题的一种简单有效的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用他们的各个国家司机许可证申请中国司机许可证 , 同样的信息就像下面所示 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非稳定的谷物的加工包括加工燕麦、小麦和小麦的加工 , 以及制备小麦的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化工业有限公司是一家成功的例子 , 是在特殊有限公司合作的政府和商人 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波诱导海底液化是黄河三角洲潜艇物理体形成的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	本文介绍了脉冲连续控制系统的神经元自适应pid控制器的算法和学习规律 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	这个世纪的流行者教导了他们的学生如何在特定的情绪或消息上传播 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	房间温度测量的导电性必须被修正 , 如果他们在深度上使用的岩石 , 必须比1000毫米左右 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	采用陶瓷化合铜管在管模具中具有优良的服务效果 , 降低管坯生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他跑了 , 没有人笑... " 燕敏时刻转变了面对皮肤风格形式的面声明 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	第一四至五个叶子和烟后 , 一些强的种子在第二次取耳后 , 出生于耳朵的出生 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	介绍了一种新型电力线圈的开发 , 是解决在线监测系统在高电压线的电源供应问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	罗湖区金融中心的零售空间将短期推出 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	十五年12月15日 , 我与国会达成了一份omnibus预算协议 , 最后的八年的立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它拥有与松散耦合架构相关的所有好处 , 例如代码重用性 , 同时也限制了需要的测试努力 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一位在右手中旋转网球的男人一样 , 钴60的衰退有一个内在的手势 , 由镜子转变 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如以前的季节似乎没有真正的联系 , 中场和攻击之间的真正的联系 , 对于新的季节来说 , 这种需求是闪烁的 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约书为上帝的帮助 , 他知道以色列人必须在新的家乡生活之前战斗很多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在由卡罗琳埃文领导 , 他取代了全球销售迈克·穆里的长期vp 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 我们给出了一个模型的例子 , 并分析了一定程度的影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	星际和星球形成的尘埃和气体 , 可见光不能渗透 , 但红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但是正如桑德曼先生所说的那样 , 一个印象性的文档过程只有控制的出现 , 因此只有减轻风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生活经常被视为一个童话 , 她的传奇婚姻传奇给棒球伟大的乔·迪马吉奥是这个观点的标志 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调查数学图书馆和杂交编程 , 给出了6800年的深部分解结果是满意的 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 天津全国艾滋病 " 四个自由和一项关注 " 政策在低价国家援助的全面实施 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 , 不要干净 , 抱怨 , 它给人们关于生活的负面印象 , 让人们认为你是 " 贪婪 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	让你总是想做的事情列表 , 但是不能因为你正在提高你的孩子 , 也许这是写字或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的阿尔沃尔俱乐部预计将在未来2年签署迪戈·马拉登纳作为教练 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题正在困难 , 因为两个测试采取者可以结束不同的分数或两个人 , 不同的知识水平可以结束 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	当我们大多数人听到大风暴的时候 , 听到了一场大风暴的时候 , 一位敢的摄影师已经做了他的工作 , 就像他那样接近 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将于8月31日完成这个客人邮件 。 我知道 , 因为如果我不会失去1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 游戏在394年由于欺骗的增长 , 大部分由于我在394年被皇帝奥多斯废除 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	龙形象的分析可以使人们感到有趣 , 因为龙是一个与传统中国文化密切相关的图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是古老的战斗 ; 善良的邪恶 , 傲慢 , 谦卑 , 帅气 , 善良 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适合电子传输器的位置 , 由银河和银河盾所覆盖的地区 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	太阳光亮地闪烁着 , 所以卡伦和老妇人沿着玉米的脚路走去 , 然而它却相当责任 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料和磨损 , 外 , 还需要花费时间去我的家里旅行 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在那里 , 脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施是不存在的 , 战争政治的成本 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他说 , 随着采购卡车载着战斗机头到前面 , 莫塔壳的声音听到了两分钟的间隔 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次看到阿尔帕奇诺的电影时 , 我第一次在我的生活中 , 想我想成为另一个人 , " 他回忆道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由太平洋裂缝盆地组成的大型超叠盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有许多生物功能 , 尤其是对病理条件下的组织保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	聊天在线上 , 学生可以更自由地表达自己的感觉和意见 , 甚至还能帮助外语学习 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使它从来没有战争 , 太武uld仍然是更好的中美关系的障碍 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室设置工作 , 我不确定怎样去学习礼仪 , 如何适当地讲话 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	其次 , 通过建立数学模型 , 证明了wrh的学术可行性 , 并利用比较分析方法 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主持人逃离的 , 学校后代理也特别注意训练 " spy " 和 " 视频tape像代理一样 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过mcgs的一个远程监测网络形成的一个超过远程监测的模式 , 监测卫星传输器的工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加里卡·费斯先生 , 他希望看到银行家负责该国的税收和采购的问题 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32他没有把自己的儿子分开 , 但给了我们所有人都不会怎么样 , 和他一起 , 感谢地给我们所有东西呢 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	实际上 , 西岸已逐渐从东耶路撒冷分离 , 这仍然是最受欢迎的巴勒斯坦城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	接收第二个软件raid文章 , 我们将采取更先进的软件raid函数和raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天的声音会在他的头上听起来 , 他的脑海的声音会响应答答案 , 同时他在无尽的任务上劳动 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前石油勘探从构造储层到岩性和岩性储层中趋势 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	举个例子 , 肾脏的meridian被命名为肾脏meridian , 其余的部分可能由模拟产生 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了本品种外 , 本品种尚未成功 , 但在洛伊谷和加利福尼亚栽培 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫拿了菲律宾的头 , 把它带到耶路撒冷 , 他把菲律宾的武器放在自己的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	该算法满足了基于字符骨架生成工具路径的新字符数控加工技术的需求 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售没有中心的话 , 那么信任者在自己的缺陷上构成了缺陷 , 那么它正在捆绑在信任者身上 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	虽然数据同步发送 , 但协议在网络传输过程中提供推荐消息 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件良好时 , 土壤水含量较低时 , 开发过程延长 , 生存率减少 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	船舶的生理状态是生理压力和体外零应力状态的状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	轻视葡萄酒 , 高雅混合了香港 , 笑着面包 , 人群在手上忙碌 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	为了极大程度上 , 国家补贴是削减和隐私化的增加 , 更多的工作往会导致那些没有付款的人 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 黄小晓突然问了一下 , 笔下是冷的 , 可是要求几个裤子的想法 。
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	明显地决定看他最好的时候 , 好转身的哺乳动物花了很长时间的时间 , 仔细检查他剩下的几个脏子 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画是由绘画的各种形式 , 表现出中国绘画的各种方法在自我表达中发现的 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府出版的在线信息和叶片 , 旨在说服孕妇有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	福叶信息的法律责任是否在法律监督下进行数据保护法律的 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里散开了毯子 , 吃我们的饭 , 很快就会有黑色 , 开始雨 。 风也很难 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数岩石坡稳定性分析与单面滑坡的平面平面有一定的冲击 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	在古老的佛教仪式中 , 牛津教育的巴切尔在一座宫殿上悬浮着胸谷 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个程序还引入了偶尔突变和随机性 , 它们中的一个可能产生事故的机会 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌的面条:把它输入锅水 , 直到硬的核心被消失 , 然后用肉片或蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	目标是文件的最后访问时间 , 每次访问文件 , 下文件系统必须记录这个时间戳 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	与此同时 , 高温区逐渐降低 , 直到随着水雾的蒸发 , 直到火灾的消灭 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这种不授权的计算机侵入明显反对法律 , 但反对大鼠的战争是一个挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股的比例越高 , 融资界越少 , 现金流动对投资的影响越小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们承认北约和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战的联合审查 。 "
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	水解乳蛋白加入到媒体之后 , 生物种子减少 , 但污染率总是很高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解产生了肉类味道的必要性 , 使这些快餐汤 , 肉类 , 如此激动 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	推荐的菜包括哈卡风格酿造豆腐 , 用虾干煮鸡蛋 , 虾干 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	采用激光诱导等离子体反射微波的频率下移和转移 , 检测了激光诱导等离子体的变化 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	垃圾收集器在处理过程之后正在采取废弃的瓶子后面 , 束缚今天成为一个巨大的财富 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受我的诚挚的祝贺 , 我希望更好地报告成功快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 150名警察沿着中海领导化合物在昨晚在北京公路上发布 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影中的一个记忆场景 , 叫gorillas , 基于一个真正的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备广泛应用于食品加工厂 , 食品仓库等设备 , 单位倾向于错误 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	创建于1540年 , 骆驼经常被17世纪的buccaneers所吸收 , 人口128444444岁 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	技术的实施和应用已经积累了我国其他地区建设油气储存的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来 , 江苏大学教师评价机制的特点进行了分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这只狗的其他名字是中国的药物 , 荷兰灯泡 , 荷兰大火 , 米尼马斯菲和它的国家来自中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种新型的单核和双赢磁场传感器 , 制备了基于基于基础的不均匀肋骨的制备 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是可怕的 , 很难找到工作现在的工作 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了ltg交叉空调控制方法及其控制方法 , 提出了对现有问题的修改意见 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是在初中高中实现的基础上 , 通过研究低成果心理问题的研究开始的 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨脾 " 功能不足 " 与胃肠肠肠细胞的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者购买有机的食品 , 因为他们相信产品更健康 , 味道更好 , 更适合环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	通过实验方法 , 研究了fpso在极端波中滑动荷载的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德沃尔说 , 世界范围内的数据损失在每年影响公司和个人的40亿美元 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	轻视葡萄酒 , 高雅混合了香港 , 笑着面包的笑着 , 人群忙碌在手上 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	在不同协会中 , 不同人口结构abyuanbaoshanenis的不同人口结构反映了社区继续的过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	正如在日志中出现的 , gegename方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用服务器生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含从一个程序发送到另一个程序 , 其内容和结构由使用它的应用程序定义 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东部和nka控制的pw%非常好 , 在年内保持它 , 同时也达到或超过100%的ytdgs目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要心理和身体变成一个心理 , 如果心脏可以进入细胞内 , 可以有意渗透细胞的膜 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	利用sat和cft对比 , 测定了710例牛奶山羊的样本 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	东方绘画中墨水的影响 , 利用空间描绘的线路 , 提高了该作品获得新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能会指着你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子没了 。 " 如果你相信他们 , 看着 , 你是四月的傻瓜 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她在三角关系的索引下完全或不可避免地安置自己 , 并未能看到她在过程中引起痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷酸磷脂在磷脂复合物中的主要活性是促进细胞吸收 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用和理论的一个主题 , 需要高科技和大量的工作经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和傲慢不一样 , 但是 , 除了世界之外 , 特别是 , 我希望我能代替自足 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年 , 经济疲弱 , 承认了一些家庭可能不能为大学付费 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	警察打开了他们的巡逻车的卡车 , 然后把看起来像一个玩具模型飞机和四个转子摄像机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	她用 " 幽默 " 作为一个吸烟屏幕 , 她用作 " 吸烟屏 " , 萨洛蒙女士说 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	错误听到了这一点 , 他在仆人上冲出来 , 愤怒地喊道: " 谁给我许可吗 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 艾莉琳达和伊恩承诺 , 如果需要 , 请把我带进球板上 。 我不能错过这个 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性爱是相当不同的 , 就像你似乎说的那样 , 那么所有的事情都有什么必要 ? " 年轻人问道 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我明确地告诉她如何笑容 , 英语拼写的道路 , 但为了我们的考试而言 , 我们正处于悲剧的抱怨 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿正在阅读或观察 , 并与她讨论它 , 鼓励她谈论她所看到的事情 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	遵循文档作为每个国家文档规定和上海规定 , 分类、排名和识别文档 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	经常冲动 , 偶尔过度越来越多 , 丹尼必须在长途中学到病人 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	紧张的男人坐在飞行员的座椅上 , 飞机撞进风中 , 很快他们正在空中 , 虽然飞行严重 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期以来 , 中国重视小叶茶 , 忽视了大叶片 , 茶叶输出和出口日益减少 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在漫长的夜里 , 很像他们有一个甜蜜的梦想 , 即使是静静的睡眠时刻 , 却不能做 , 也不能做 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	印度urdu新闻机构编辑sheikhmanzoed说: " 所有这些都导致了很多苦难 。 "
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生物化学、生物学、药物学、相关科学和相关经验最少5年 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法在甲状腺切除术中具有较小的损害 , 是甲状腺切除术安全的方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也可以在世界范围内留下 , 这是国际通信网络的媒体丰富组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于双端信息和单端信息的传输线非传输保护的实现方法 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他生活得简单又脆弱的生活 , 因为他的工作 , 他不愿意赚钱和钱 。 他总是错过吃饭时间 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 圣弗朗西斯科州长董事会通过当地法律禁止在儿童产品中使用化学物质 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗阴是晚唐不允许忽视作家 , 它的诗歌明显地区由唐变为歌曲传播轨迹 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西星期一被提醒我们的根本 , 当苏珊米尔时 , 俱乐部的创始人支付了我们的一次访问 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但是看 , 这只是完全是错误的 , 整个系统的护理医生在我们身上卸下的 , 因为他们不能对待他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的评价二磷酸盐对营地b试验领域的耐药控制效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年第一次 , 风越大 , 为了今年第一次 , 风中跳起来越大 , 听到了一只拥挤的人群 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	胡锦涛承诺继续建立 " 闪烁的连接 " , 这使人们共同希望生活在和平和自由的人们 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	对于中国来说 , 民族革命正在战争中 , 中国的帝国主义行动不再是不够的 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我已经睡了14小时了 , 我想我很累了 。 晚餐时间很累 , 我必须去 ! 我很饿 。
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一位领先的州长和总统阿司匹克 , 克莱的政治直觉获得了他 " 伟大的批评者 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	维奇:我知道你想做什么 , 你是个傻女孩 。 可是 , 我亲爱的 , 我能帮助你 , 这样你的梦可以真正 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 在ldoce3中 , 最常见的词的处理和写字示例明显不平衡 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我从流水中拿了7列火车时 , 我总是试图解释在报纸上阅读的中国字符 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然最糟糕的价格下跌 , 全国范围内的家庭价值预计将在2010年内展示小增益 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果词汇证明了有效的话 , 美国表达可以在设计的 " buzz " 的病毒营销活动中进行 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	今天 , 迪戈·马拉多纳说 , 狮子梅西 " 与耶稣玩了一个踢球 " , 但不要做错误的选择 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您想改变sammba服务器的名称 , 除了服务器的unix名称外 , 则使用netbios名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新ipodnano , 开始于149美元 , 还有一个fm接收器和pedometer , 除了构建视频摄像机之外 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	但是瑞典报纸提示 , 鸟儿在路上被一位过去的耶和华运行的时候 , 就在路上被淘汰 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何生理差异 , 研究人员从每个组中分离某些个人来研究脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语首先在角色萨克逊语言中写了第一本英语 , 来自五世纪的使用 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共享的义务 , 确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案件和交付时间的规定 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	游客的中心和博物馆提供了关于古代普拉布罗人民文化史和今天印度人民的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈到半民族总体的tune , 它的无力参议员在巨大程度上闲逛 , 很差的管理地产 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	中央静脉和外周动脉的总mk和4mk水平均显著上升 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 公开表达我的深刻赞赏和欣赏 , 是一个非常特殊的乐趣 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有帮助的步骤包括帮助别人 , 使用幽默 , 学习是绝对性的 , 以及实践的问题解决和时间管理 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项法案误导了标记 , 因为它不可能避免导致商业和消费者的能源成本更高 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	查看<wascehome>/var/目录/服务器.xml用于目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	下次尝试它 , 你需要驱动你的车 , 把剩下的鼻子盖在你的拇指上 , 然后用右鼻子呼吸一分钟 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	事故教他们两个教训 , 他们说 , 无论是如何安全 , 最多的百万人类错误都会因为 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	一个月前的报告显示 , 第二季度增长速度甚至比较快速修复预测 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要在未来和公司中出现网络 , 应作为客户价值的代理和集成者 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据中世纪传说 , 一个杯子或板块 , 被耶稣在最后的供应商使用 , 后来成为许多的对象 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我把他们送出去了一个长期的购物列表 , 把时间器放在手机上 , 10分钟 , 拖着科林上楼 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 离婚年 , 希望家庭在今年 , 我们可以健康生活更多的幸福是好的 , 不对的 , 都不对 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾利夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以在短暂的时刻开关 , 让它消失 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实施的独特特性之一是俄罗斯生态群体扮演着重要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、手段、可靠性和差距理论 , 统计分析了ssps15.0和2003年的数据 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	一份报告称她怀孕的2000万美元的报告中 , 歌手第一天晚上正在美国超市的塔布洛德 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他确定他的男人已经准备好了 , 麦克莱兰的计划是把他的军队放在波特马克河上 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	对于电力分布 , 给出了一个特定的a/d转换器 , 实现了电力、区域和性能良好的交易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 教学可以渗入理论教学 , 结合音乐课堂教学的实践 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这就是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更加热量的原因 , 还有两个金色的线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些瑞典人被认为是安全的 , 所以与您的健康保健提供商谈论在怀孕期间有多少非营养性的瑞典人 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:通过严格的非肿瘤技术合作 , 可以防止静脉肿瘤传播和局部种子的传播 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种双维伺服四色图形识别的方案 , 以及其边界处理技术 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hm的同时解决和更新参数实现的联接源通道解码方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个活性剂对二氧化碳过程中使用的欧洲活性剂活性剂的替代作用 , 并对其进行了评价 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	到目前为止 , 夏季种植的 " 巴迪拉 " 被关注 , 有效干旱和产量的数量并不明显相关于苗条规范 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像刘北三国的浪漫一样 , 原来卖草原砂 , 但后来组织上升后果 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	chban电子有限公司是一家来自以色列的买家 , 需要购买产品类别包括:电信等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	对于传统的方法学缺乏客户的重点 , 因此我们对产品所有者/经理的优先化提供了控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当两件都完成的时候 , 阿拉奇看到她惊讶的时候 , 她已经被打败了 , 因为上帝的设计是不错的 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	由海洋、湖泊和河流的泥土含量一直有不同的粘土含量 , 导致不同的土壤强度 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部要求在省范围内建立并提高孕妇和儿童艾滋病防治和控制系统阻塞 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业人员:美国和中国小鼠和卫生虫害预防和控制协会的国家森林控制协会成员 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 庄园 " 和 " 南京玉 " 是克里桑菌种的潜在父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售员刚出售了一双鞋子 , 他们可能会很好地有一个真正的笑容 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成果列为以下:1 ) 自我nof脉冲宽度调制为老灰度控制 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	为建设完成技术文档提供了补充、配置、修改和必要的删除 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	民主党议员akihima说: " 唯一与统一党统一的权力是ozawa 。 " 民主党律师akihima说 。
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这就是 , 30小时的数据 , 需要搜索脊柱参数和天空位置 , 但没有在石头上设置 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	没有预测到一系列温室效应可能带来的结果 , 但所谓的利益很少 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	二十世纪 , 系统功能语言学和心理学作为二十世纪影响语言学的两个重要理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	上海欧洲国际商学院举行的一次会议上 , 兰恩星期六在上海举行的奢侈物品会议上发表讲话 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道虚拟从他身边走出来 , 把他转到新闻里 , 说 , 谁碰到我的衣服呢 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴itullamehsud现在正在美国人采取 , " 一位退休的巴基斯坦通用分析师talatmasood说 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	营养成分的一个原则之一不能使ngpang食品、prunes、raisins等价值 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里奇说: " 我们只需要强调那些喝酒的人 , 驾驶员才能真正引起很多家庭的心脏病 , 我们需要停止这一点 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马对记者说 , 奥巴马先生将把新的能源推迟到外交和其他非军事方面的全球力量 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的激励是注重战略石油储备的作用 , 增加勘探输入和多元化石油的影响 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它是由外血管侵袭、转移到颈淋巴结或远端器官或组织病理异常的转移 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	弗拉桑尼亚是理解多样性变化之前的一个重要时间间隔 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了教师互动的概念以及教师与学生之间的相互作用的基本特征 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别事件常见于癌症、过敏、病毒感染、炎症和自身免疫疾病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	加菲尔德 , c.爱德华国际ecity会议的报告 , 城市生态学和cerrogoordo论坛 。 1990年 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我和父母和我在这次旅程的领导人遇到了早餐后 , 父母和我开始在 " 浦东 " 机场的早餐 。 我们和所有陪伴者一起照片 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是0和100之间的一个值 , 其中100指数显示了一个轻量的负载服务器 , 而0是一个重量的服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	通过直接计算各代非均匀陶瓷合金的稳定性值 , 比较了恢复对cv的影响 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单片结构的单片布局优于单片结构 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	混沌动力学系统的奇异吸引器之间的自然紧密连接是由于混沌动力学系统的无限相似性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	此外 , 它还需要更长的跟踪 , 以评估适应化疗是否能采取手术放疗的位置 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	城堡和冠金...伍德和草坪的冲刷 , 一种 " 鸟类 " 的类型 , 比 " 任何项目都要多 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司具有进口贸易权 , 可为国内外用户提供船舶自动化系统和信息系统的整体解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	同样的问题在于中央政府的传播部门将在执行官元审判下做出相同的问题 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将被举行 , 叫yuletide , 一个特殊的节日将会在燃烧的元日志周围 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文首先在一系列中 , 将采取更新的视图2.0 , 以及如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人球迷的欢迎 , 他的两次防守冠军在周末结束了三场损失 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	或至少根据大多数美国人和英国人在语言应用babel调查中调查的一项新的调查 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会尝试转换这个前例 , 使用xenophobia或海军主义论点来说 , 每个国家都应该举行同样的标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果建立了8 , 000个自动测试案例生成600个失败 , 你真正能处理这个 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作伙伴几乎不能说明权威的实质份额 , 但他们将有良好的任务 , 不会干扰其他男性的工作 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远 , 社会平等的声音发生在社会现实中 , 制度可以倾斜平等 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	鉴定者还注意到 , 中国已经为其亨利认知的最大的市场 , 而且在大陆的香槟市场每年增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	最好的美国滑冰者为摄像机拍摄 , 大多数年轻人笑着笑 , 他们的眼睛跳舞着 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	当大公司规定了屋顶 , 国际竞争突变时 , 大型公司在战后繁荣期间变得越来越多的阐述和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	奇怪的是 , 由于随后世界银行和新闻组织并没有通过尘土经济预测来阻止垃圾 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	与分裂一样 , 很多用户启动事件 , 例如当用户单击或双击标签显示空间内的时候 , 用户会有很多事件 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于廉价的中国商品对主要零售商来说更有利于处理 , 他们倾向于超过这些低价格的商品 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	因此 , 进入官方的立场 , 因此 , 通过联合审核和票单独控制的pel事件 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染者在感染者的存储中传播到不受感染的人通过污染的食物或水来传播 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	jr:我们还没有详细地看到任何其他平台 , 但是我们确定有更多平台 , 应用程序和网站可受到同样的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度改革的缓慢性和证券市场的稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	它是新的文明观点 , 核心正在寻求共同的地面 , 保留区别 , 和平共存 , 代码开发 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学具有交换功能的特点 , 在主题选择或形成艺术结构方面 , 都有交流的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文提出了基于检查列表和流量图的风险识别特征因素建模技术 , 建立了基于检查列表的风险识别技术 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	连接板的位置的受力者应通过不锈钢、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁弹性螺栓倾斜 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计学的教学中 , 给出了线性回归的参数估计方法 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	小孩收入引起了太多无辜的死亡 , 受到了仇恨 , 他们不会考虑到后果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中国和外国佛教的活动限制到点和线 , 缺乏大规模传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水的表是健康的 , 它来自第一个地方和下一个地方 , 空气的表是不健康的 , 它来自缝纫 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波器提供了基于服务器的服务 , 这样你可以报告spam , 这样其他用户可以从您的电子邮件中获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿音乐 , 因为我喜欢跑步 , 但我很难信心 , 因为我只做了5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除了在葡萄牙的葡萄牙之外 , 网上并没有一个受欢迎的猎地 , 大约有一半被调查的男性和女性选择在线找到人 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译条件在空间领域的特点 , 占有和性能的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	成熟和抛光 , 一个红色的红色和巧克力的味道 , 完成了泵和香料 , 毫无努力 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧 , 似乎慢慢的进步 , 记住上帝永远不在匆忙 , 但他总是在时间 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 尤其是那些希望我们与他们一起回来的人 , 我们需要 " 公民 " 的程序 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	由于信西亚丑闻 , 伯卢斯科尼也在与他参加的各方共同参加调查 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅有苏菲见证了全吹的仪式 , 还有她自己的祖父一直是著名的...大师的职业 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	虽然霍尔战略是聪明的 , 约翰逊愿意把它打出来 , 就像旧版本新一样 , 还有两个问题 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	不要从互联网游戏中提到削减 , 甚至我最艰苦的朋友 , 他们正在抱怨并试图登录他们的msn 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	提出了火焰正常化处理方法 , 采用闪焊、气压焊接和铝焊接 , 提出了火焰正常处理方法 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚之前 , 另一个人完成了 , 然后从他那里抓住了罐子 , 说: " 谁曾经看过过一只蛇 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	理论、重组和制备的主要角色 , 理论、理论、重组和制备等领域都是哲学的最佳领域 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们终结在无尽的开支和债务的循环中 , 工作越来越多 , 终于生活充满了货物 , 但意义和幸福的空间 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , websphere每个替代访问都提供了一个解决方案 , 通过访问到离线portlets的偶尔连接的门户用户 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语动词 , 可以引入报告条目 , 以及由逻辑和语义标准制成的分类 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白人博士看了8 , 000人回到了世纪70年代 , 他们在五岁和十岁的时候测量了他们的iq 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何成功的希望 , olpc认识到它需要从目标单元模型中获取远离xo机器的制造 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	在您可以编辑视图之前必须绑定一个视图 , 双击视图控制来选择现有的视图或创建新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已广泛应用于长距离通信中 , 但它的高系统成本极大限度地限制了其应用于电子区域网络 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在基于内存的对象缓存中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过在整个集群中共享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在使用总线拓扑的lan中 , 一个段是一个连续的电路 , 通常与重复器连接的其他部分 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	麦迪诺斯州的一位高级姐妹之一 , 在他带来试验之前 , 她已经显示了她的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	当奥巴马在2008年成为总统的候选人时 , 他承诺 " 采取 " 在贸易和货币问题上 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着流动频率的增加 , 光谱区域的数量和变化对不同的分散政策有不同的影响 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每当你拿起你的仪器或打开你的嘴 , 都是建立在好习惯和沟通的好习惯 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标指导的行为是生物学的基本特征 , 也是识别实体是否活着 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 他们在奥运之前回到哪里 , " 沃伊斯特克说 , " 否则这将对商业计划产生影响 。 "
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安质量和技术监督局为了进一步促进食品 , 为了进一步促进缅甸的英语名字 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国议会全球运动的意识提高了气候变化和面临世界城市的能源挑战 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	google的技术要求从商业中小量的想法 , 但看起来很简单 , 安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架在短方向上应用的侧载荷 , 同时对角承载稳定了建筑长期 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	东方的历史展览区主要是对中国铁路的光明进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这样的信息对您的健康有重要意义 , 与您的健康有关 , 请直接应用这种烹饪方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	但在工业化管理过程中 , 河流种子生长产业的发展过程中 , 有一定的问题需要快速解决 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响圆柱头的性能、阀座、阀座在内燃发动机的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被告知 , alt钥匙是错误的 , 如果压缩了计算机 , 所有的实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	性能的损失主要是由cutof插件引起的 , 圆方推进室和插件开放基地 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	因此 , 美国禁止异常规定 , 美国使得 " 出口民主 " 的战略有很大的努力 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周 , 美国的天主教派只有上次宣布他们最终会严重地反对死刑 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	莉莉安·拉弗尔:导演一部电影是一个非常受欢迎的工作 , 我们都知道它 , 你必须说是的 , 还是没有什么 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本论文的目的是研究几种复杂变量的变形函数和变形映射的独特性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血液动态稳定的超声心动力心动力学 , 可保持观察和隔离糖尿病的保护作用 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	khakitebags和金属支持的关闭袋对你呼吁 , 因为你想要你的配件作为电子 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphereapplicationserver社区版的插件 , 通过关闭链接标签不要看到您的服务器列出的服务器 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种无机盐在乙酰醇酯化过程中的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的通过调查肾脏、增强脾脏、生血的方法 , 探讨贫血的疗效 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了基于普通微分方程的多体系统动力学的设计灵敏度分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	在多线程技术实现了一个洞的扫描器 , 扫描速度很快 , 扫描速度很容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的过度性性质使观众进入了航空的位置 , 只能揭示自己作为一个不正常的物体 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	针对等价理论原则的观点 , 翻译品牌名称应该实现完美的语言化 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流是稳定的 , 如果没有重定到一个文件或管道 , 那么选择的页面就会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探讨循环、纵向和中墙缺陷的概念配置 , 也为厚度验证和辅助监测 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有opel , 通用汽车承诺在北美建造一个小型的汽车 , 越来越多的货车会缺乏信心 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	利用zibo市废水处理厂废水处理工艺 , 处理城市废水量超过80%的工业废水 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同意红肉菜、蓝鱼和硬奶酪等同样好 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	本综合资源包括国际支持者在领域领导学术和实践者的国际支持者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他喝着深深深的蒸汽 , 学会把自己的精神与远处流出来的房子的潜力混合起来 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 国家核政策的审核是第一次审核 , 自从两十年前冷战结束以来第三次 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	参与这个活动的个人不仅是科学上未知的 , 而且显示出的兴趣 , 没有更好的信息 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自开发的轻油改造催化剂在氢生产中表现良好 , 取代了进口工具 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人都在这里加入我 , 希望你们两个 , 塞索马鲁和基玉 , 最好的生活必须在你的婚姻中提供你 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几个客户机上并且能够同时模拟数千个虚拟用户 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	振动液化床广泛应用于化学工业、冶金和食品工业中 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们早期认识到这一趋势 , 我们可以重新重新分配我们的资源来减少关键路径活动的关键性 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在不断的意识状态下 , 与平静的思想 , 一种力量的冲击 , 以及信心的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的分析血管神经障碍的临床特点及评价诊断标准及手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数病例都在明显的区域组装分布中 , 占总病例的78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	家长们庆祝它与他们的业务、农业和商业活动联系起来 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续的产品升级 , 实现多纤维混合理念 , 棉纺企业增长纤维创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体来说 , 53%的法国人相信萨科齐先生做了 " 好总统 " , 与5月份的41%相比 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源室说 , 每年将供应3000万吨煤炭 , 在一年的3亿美元 , 从2014年开始 , 大约有3亿美元 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和提示部分对如何改变自己的行为 , 学习新的技能和改变个性特征有很大的建议 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	基于一个基于数据结构的参数的数据结构重建数据处理 , 这个函数不会设置阵列尺寸字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	amazonweb服务 , 租借大型数据中心的计算能力 , 也赢得了一个值得廉价的声誉 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	程序版本显然比自由版本和霜声称更为自由版本 , 提供了更多的功能 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kdcup99数据集 , 实现了该方法的最佳性能 , 结果表明了该方法的优秀性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯坦是那些爱耶稣的小年之一 , 为他生命 , 突然死亡让我们留下了数百万的问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	这足以让我们感觉很好 , 在外部的工作和耐磨之后 , 婚姻机构现在正在外包包 , 甚至我们的爱生活日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	去年 , 金融时报收购了资金媒体 , 网上提供商 , 负责订阅费用的基金经理 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	你可能早些时候开始醒来 , 以便在您的新计划或计划到新博物馆展览的旅行 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	minqcrane女士 , 你真的想嫁给詹妮弗 ? 克莱恩人回答詹妮弗将是我们的泰国江集团的救生 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	希望我们在五天的访问期间与胡锦涛总统、温家宝总理和其他高级官员见面 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	杨姆:当我年轻时 , 我看了许多哈基姆奥拉杰文的戏曲 , 当然迈克尔·约旦 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这就是一种基于恐惧的思想形式的叶子 , 将基于统一的思想形式与光的语言相关联 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美食用水果和蔬菜作物通常不能达到超市 , 因为它们的尺寸或物理外观 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	这个项目将利用电源购买技术 , 由模块、海洋购买的技术组成 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课的合作学习理论可以改变传统教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 1980年 , 这个邮票发布在1980年 , 特别是幸运的 " 猴年 " , 只有60年才发生 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是二维 , 然后常想 " 包 " 的内容 , 就像迭代的那样 , 您可以做到这样的内容 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证面部的安全和快速的支持 , 而且大部分减少面部的消除成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 在高卷医院完成过程中 , 经验丰富的外科医生专业化 , 全关节动脉移植 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场人员和消费者都意识到发生什么时候 , 市场的营销工作都满足了最终成果 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从互联网早期流行的使用 , 网络的哭泣是网络空间是新的边界 , 没有法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但是这次表现并没有满足两个圣女 , 马达姆·科林 , 马奎斯·德·鲍克斯和委员会德·查特维乌克斯 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是一个成员 , 制定了许多基本法律、行政法律和当地法律等基本法律 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 全部披露:我不会叫做基于地方的社会网络服务的重用户 。 我没有市长 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovafb2的涂层抗原和fb2的竞争抗原 , 研制了一种用于检测maizenab2的冰激素b2 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以学习你的第一句话 , " 莱克尔 " [le'ka] , adj.意味着 " 好/好 " 的东西从食物到女孩 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他最好被称为 " 前锋 " 的项目没有在欧洲迁徙 , 因为他收到了签证d'or和护理奖 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有较好的水质特征 , 具有较高的藻类和良好的处理效率 , 成本低 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌的四个患者在18ffdg合并性图像上有负面的发现 , 但显示正面血清标志 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软触摸的织物和强大的压缩满足了芯片设计和思想的细节 , 每天都要穿的样式 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	你需要遵循周期的正式服装代码 , 没有训练员 , 没有牛仔裤 , 穿着夹克和鞋子 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	如果你需要一个或开发更多的业务 , 那就应该帮助你的工作预期 , 你就能获得一份额外的工作岗位 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	中国缺乏男性教育者和书籍有着强烈的论点:中国男孩正在发展在一个最初的女性环境中 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法适用于几个简单的模型分子和苯胺与hiv1蛋白酶之间的锁定 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	五个经理还说 , 晚上一直醒来 , 意味着他们更有可能使错误 , 莫里的1006人透露 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么今天早上 , 医生告诉我 , 你的机会很快就让我们看到他说的机会是十个 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每个调用都得到自己的活动记录 , 所以每次它称为变量在那个活动记录中获取自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	13年6月 , 捐赠者承诺超过4亿美元支持加维的工作 , 超过任何人最荒谬的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人加里·瓦纳赫克用他的酒精来创造成功的葡萄酒图书馆电视 , 日常视频博客展示了酒精 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周 , 一位名叫加里的男人 , 卡尔弗先生的奶酪 , 进来 , 把它转变为在内部的水分 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是 , 我们需要利用科幻系列明星的技术来帮助我们达到可怕的行星轨道 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	奥德西亚帕迪米罗说: " 如果你有坏信用的话 , 信用卡比以前更难 。 "
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与睾丸酮受体深处于我的假肢 , 我喜欢与多巴胺一起洪水我的原始蜥蜴大脑 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	接下来 , 您带一个pojo并且在注释转换为ejb , 您可以给openejb团队带来一些感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因 , 一些常见的动力机包括环境、动物权利和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	每年 , 中国煤矿一定会杀死2 , 00300名工人 , 煤矿在那里 , 还有其他地方杀死了多少 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	大多数关于内存的研究集中在于你可能会期待的情况下 , 记住事物的侧面 , 如何准确等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如通常的消失小说一样 , 我们也许试图把注意力转移到某个人 , 再次感到浪漫的爱情的兴奋 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 设置alias是常见的 , 它扩展到 " l " , 例如一个目录或列表文件 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战是在单一的伞形下获得这个不规范的和无组织的系统 , 提供普遍访问 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放后处理已经受到了很多关注柴油发动机的严格排放标准 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在高磁化的脂肪坏死视图中 , 一些脂肪的巨噬细胞之间被视为神经脂肪组织细胞之间 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤降解主要是营养差、微生物差、坏结构、基础化和重干旱 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术患者中间脊髓间盘及脊椎间盘悬浮在56例手术中进行分析 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	周六 , 美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿称北方的宣言和声明 " 深刻遗憾 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店支付债务卡 , 你可以从账户中获取额外的收费 , 这通常叫做 " 现金回报 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	鸽子散步成为一个男人在克萨曼都附近的一个寺庙里走回家 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	然后 , 塞多夫进入了马丁的一本晚期挑战 , 虽然罗斯诺里继续看到更危险的一边来临 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中的配置线是一个3rd度多项式的多项式 , 但是任何类型的光滑都会告诉你 , 有大量的上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一个公司希望放下利率 , 那么它只能有它的市场制造单位建立它的债券库存 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大型 " 是一个老型战略 " 角度 , 讨论成为福州港的重要价值 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	你承认并且同意 , 你可以享受年薪收益的成员 , 为成员和相关设施费用 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据工业分析师马什·科恩说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋实际上是购买篮球的 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国东大学气候政策专家mikehulme表示 , 英国的社会效应也是不可预测的 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	方正桥是上海地区最长、最高、最高、最高的石桥 , 五个开放都在上海地区 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行程度的差异外 , 定义不足也是限制财政复制者一个大手工疗法 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	金融监管的新过度并没有解决公司 , 即使他们发挥了一个中央的角色通胀了房屋泡沫 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易sarez在上个月在安菲尔德的11图中被联合国的11图中被指控 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	有些地方 , 我们的道路走向公园 , 穿越洛杉矶河上高的脚桥 , 高于洛杉矶的滚水 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	曼联2004年9月失踪了2003年9月的测试之后 , 曼联失踪了欧洲2004年9月的考试 , 这是一个明显的球员 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 采用改性剂 , 研究了硫酸盐和阿司匹林进口片的溶解度的提高 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了moca/e比和填充剂对物理性能的影响及pu弹性器的热空气年龄的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , src柱轴压缩比的限值通常比rc柱的轴向压缩率高 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织一般行政赞助对抗反馈和缺陷产品和其他非法行为的战斗 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 在岩浆和砂层河两个时候 , 树木工人关系不能明显差别通道模式 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	通用设备的例子很差 , 包括雪鞋、计算机或类型的键盘 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从当前的情况下 , 欧洲的民事党政府的发展可能会再次突破破 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	该方法采用马肝组织作为原材料制备马酒精脱氢酶的干乙酮粉 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	通过对非晶硅薄膜亚电池的顶层生成了一种透明的导体ito反射层 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业家都是热情关于特定的市场或技术的激情 , 并把销售帽子放在不自然的情况下 , 这是好的 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接当地能源的生产发展 , 提供和需求的平衡 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	上海市妇女、家庭妇女和学生对碘缺陷的知识与实践 。
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法通过ct扫描证明74例患者的ct扫描证实 , 研究其与预后的相关性 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	输入$userinstallroot}\etc\tws安全\samples\sample\ender.jceks在密钥存储路径领域 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的评价全体骨科学的应用价值 , 探讨喉癌细胞组织学在婴儿的诊断和阶段 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	经过一次转会和一次奥斯典礼之后 , 10个成员的投票人员投票确保安全 , 他改变了整体工作 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	奥利拉说 , 微软并没有成为诺基亚唯一的选项 , 并且注意到许多公司在与完成移动电话制造商合作的兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家 , 是星系中心周围的循环环环 , 只有在中央酒吧外面 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	在pinelliaternate的germplasm评价研究中 , 建立了提取物和总碱的评价方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国的破产法官允许雷曼将现金投入两家银行 , 以避免监管者的严厉性 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法采用醋酸法观察两种不同浓度的钙蛋白注射液对小鼠的镇痛作用 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文的总结 , 语言的整体特征已经对林庄作了简要的概括 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	przwalski的马 , 一旦浪漫了蒙古的步骤 , 被认为已经变得太分散在野生里 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系的转型需要美国和韩国维持 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长廊取消了 , 这些 " 被短的角像某些杀虫所吞掉的那样 , " 它们 " 被短的角逐渐消失了 。
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑您的网上专辑 , 等于留下的家庭专辑 , 为了每个旅客都可以通过 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场如此挥发和公司 " 令人震惊 " 的长期日志通过经济衰退 , 还有很少指数到来的迹象 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果您遵循并计划在这个点上休息 , 请在您现在有两个工作 , 在文件系统中创建更大的文件 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们在非白人群中看到更多的权威主义率 , 我认为 , 权威主义家庭的百分比在亚洲最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月亮远远远处于地球 , 即使大树在山上生长 , 我们不能通过最强大的望远镜发明 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	大型城市公共汽车停车的机场乘客和袋子检查并不实际 , 因为它将带来普通生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	几天后 , 他们仍然与军队联系 , 幸运地 , 他们杀了鹿 , 可以依赖维生 , 花了几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 对于四大银行来说 , 好银行/坏银行交易应该是管理的 ; 工业只有四个工作的时候才能稳定 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时我仍然想要一个专门键盘 , 所以当我看到s710的时候 , 我知道它是完美的合适 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 必须是上帝的一般知识 , 却导致男人常常想他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	汞与任何人类癌症、白血病、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间没有其他文档联系 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	近日 , 中国公开支持对伊朗的制裁 , 对朝鲜的核活动更少限制 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这个游戏开放在一个未闻的战争中东国家 , 在交换1000万美元的费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	在8月底 , 乔伊·德弗里斯科完成了许多令人惊讶的工人幻想:他在一个不可思议的时尚中辞职 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	porter提出了基于价值链的周围和企业策略的区别优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	鉴于滤波器处理请求和前进的能力只是引入j2ee1.4 , j2ee版本的老版本需要不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利主义者brigittebardot写到德国部长呼吁她不给予压力超过8月的禁令 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦西亚全球更多和西维拉中场马赛卡都是拉齐奥总统克劳迪奥洛蒂奥购物榜单 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在两级金融控制涉及大学和学校内有矛盾的实验室管理和长期发展 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	结果表明 , 样本对eg生物反馈系统的临床应用前景更有效地提取信息注意力 , 显示其在eg生物反馈系统中的应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科尔声称 , 穆里尼奥没有解决未来的球员 , 更愿意集中在手中赢得比赛的事情 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	系统实验研究和理论分析了金坦岩盐力学方面的理论研究和理论分析 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例发生nosocom感染 , 14.3% , 呼吸感染占48% , ur24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	除了德国的趋势外 , 年轻人实际上失业率下降 , 至10.3% , 两年期间 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	不同于传统的观点 , 句子意义是其真实的条件 , 从而实现了一种分析意义的新观点 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论在实验过敏性鼻炎大鼠hpa轴上具有监管作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗马国务卿克莱罗说: " 虽然物理学家常常常知道他们的病人会死于给定的疾病 , 但他们从来没有告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然站着 , 吩咐他叫他叫他 , 叫盲人说 , 向他说 , 是好舒服的 , 上升了 ; 他冷静了 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	wafer的大小说 , led的质量比小芯片更好 , 价格比较大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国艾滋病传播模式对感染率的传播有显著的改变 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	事实上 , 美容专家通过实际研究表明 , 婴儿油与糖的组合提供了一种最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他被指控在陈的计算机被修复在精英多媒体上 , 而sze是一名员工 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些本身 , 林肯的演讲和写作的引用已经在整个院子里稳定 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多人在大明宫的地方设置在那里 , 他们已经保持了大部分原始的地区文化 , 例如他们的方言和传统食物 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些示例中 , 可以收集反射如何总是寻找固定和永久的东西 , 尽管在本身和管理特定的情况下 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔向婚礼带来了凯莉 , 这样她会慢慢地慢地慢地和可能没有太多的震惊 , 吸收他父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	焊接金属和36z焊接的裂纹生长率可分别为35倍 , 410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统很容易地构建和简单 , 具有较高的光谱分辨率 , 比传统的msp不增加收购时间 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 重复pv在前列pv患者的椎体水平同样有效 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	与软银行合作是一个很好的启动:公司拥有2200万订阅者 , 其用户基地已经在过去几年里迅速发展 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不敢自称自己是一名改革开放的先锋 , 但是 , 毕竟 , 我们是第一个普通人开餐馆 。 " 郭说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	拜纳姆错过去赛季最后46场比赛 , 左膝损伤 , 他平均平均为14.0分和8.2磅 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了沿道滑坡的柔性衬砌体系与相关膨胀土的性质以及设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	本文利用性选择性吸收指标 , 指出性吸收率对性吸收率的提高 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女人将有更多的推荐 , 成为英雄的母亲 , " 一位联邦主义者说 , " 比起来 , 亚马逊类似 , 英雄本人 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	这些日子忙碌 , 由于 " 水边缘 " 实际上经历了 , 没有发现 。 今天 , 去图书馆 , 图书馆几小时前 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了促进这些条件 , 我们必须根据我国的特殊环境 , 根据我国公司的规定机制重新设计公司的规则机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	吉妈发现一个石板石板板 , 很多字已经被打碎了 , 显然不想让别人知道更多关于这个坟墓的信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队沟通提供了一个蓝图 , 对于会议业务目标而言 , 同时也为其执行有效的工程提供了重要的 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路伯丁鉴定它使用的阴影是 " 英寸红 " , 但认为任何混乱的阴影都会影响贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	所以你可以去多个论坛 , 学习一些以上常规颜色的信息 , 这个论坛将涉及到网络平台更可靠 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	分配 。 你可能不会分配、子许可或否则在本协议下转移任何权利或义务 , 通过运作法律或其他法律 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物所有权在中国正在繁荣 , 藏族主义是那些希望扩散他们的财富和房地产的时刻 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应充分为大学培训 , 大学培训应该是我们普通国家的单一或种族 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点讨论了原始日常保障中心工作者自身识别的作用 , 并探讨了社会结构上下的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 由于1918年以来 , 奥巴托已经没有使用 , 但是实际上没有什么 , 瘦肉是季节和吸烟完美的 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	稻米赞扬阿富汗总体abduljabar销售 , 成为阿富汗政府最大的雇主之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他离开汤姆巡逻影子 , 她看见山羊的眼睛明亮 , 矩形的学生 , 晚上在杜斯基 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	根据cagyue的分析 , 文章从cagyo的角度对新媒体产生的幻想文学创造产生的影响进行了探讨 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 古典装饰品、完美展览 " 的质量产品 , 永虹重新定义了生命 , 完全展示了每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行正在促进亚洲中央银行停留措施 , 直到全球市场转向补贴 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个snps也显示出显著的基因生成性互动 , 但是他们的影响并不明显 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	虽然在第二年 , 俱乐部是成功的 , 部分原因是它的协调员苏珊的能源和热情 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	jy8g.de ) 在弗兰克福特的辩论中 , 促进投资者信心可能在全球信贷信贷信贷后恢复 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd中 , 数据被重新分布到某些步骤1中 , 所有组都根据计算机节点的要求 , 都是多位限制的 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	两个不同的法国同行进入密西斯 , 一个小型的海岸 , 两个人潜水的海岸 , 是科斯塔乌海洋船舶卡利普索的一部分 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	普勒托·伊朗在城镇的错误边 , 但仍然要穿上新的看起来很美丽的鞋子 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	现在投资者要求银行像雷曼和华盛顿相互提高资本或销售他们的资产 , 并证明他们是解决方案的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在2000年在民主党议会上解释了一个国家传统 ; 在2000年 , 他是党副总统提名人 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	通过一次试验 , bp油喷出的砂污染 , 团队可以从砂中分离水碳 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 基础上可能是由于在阿特斯亚水平面上卸载土壤 , 如砂管和高温变形等危险条件下的基础 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生给了一个程序 , 告知一个有关朋友的列表 , 短篇文本消息 , 他每15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	用您的windows手机的运动传感器将你的空间海盗与您的可升级武器战斗 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	该方法可以提供一种新的测定铝粉末含量的快速性和简单性和一定准确性的方法 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	当它关闭目标时 , ekv将数据从xbrith的上板传感器和锁到敌人导弹 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利冲突增加了成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 但本发明也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	由于主人是一位电影制片人 , 他的客户是电影明星 , 歌手和名人 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	jerseys , 脉冲器 , 心脏器 , 腰衣和类似的文章 , 编织或腐蚀 , 丝绸废物 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	键合:任何涉及原子的交互 , 包括分子、离子、晶体、金属等稳定物种 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另一个是洛布莱松 。 风断不仅保护土地和作物 , 而且可以被砍下来 , 用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个充满背景 , 约翰·弗兰根和杰克·罗宾逊昨天是最好的 , 反对奥·沃尔科特和萨姆米尔·纳斯里 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	以下因素如糖尿病、红细胞、抗异常和抗异常技术等 , 证明了其独立的因素 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	美学追求与各个方面的新闻作品有联系 , 作家编辑的过程也是美学追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	南宁地区六个县和城市 , 位于广西南部地区 , 位于南宁区 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	其特点是:严重的条件 , 快速变化 , 更易被诊断 , 难以管理 , 更加复杂 , 死亡率更高 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 爱因尼亚总理安德鲁·安普与访问中国外交部长李赵兴的办公室见面 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹承诺实施全面和平协议 , 并在苏丹南部的推荐自由和公平的方式下举行 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种交通车辆悬挂系统的组成部分 , 特别是一个悬挂钢管 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使小山成为我们的国家鞋基地 , 我们需要做到以下:一个 , 识别了发展和创新的命令高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	最近 , 荧光化学的提高使得最近使用更高的氟化学浓度 , 没有引起医疗并发症 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	高灵敏度的家庭历史或个人历史的儿童更有可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及在纯化和制备cobra神经毒素的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitel光干涉仪增加了肖像测量范围 , 其测量精度达到了纳米水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省劳动保证大厅地面行走者张德瑜瑜瑜 , 办公生长 , 为了做出重要的演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	抓住各种历史上各样的武器 , 包括机枪、竹枪、刀枪、刀枪和火焰喷射器 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	研究了一种含有多碳氧化物群的水溶性硫黑色染料的染色和完成性能 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	给出了一种具有厚壁层的氧化铝薄膜的制备方法 , 属于材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	序列和并行执行之间选择的理想阈值是协调并行任务的成本 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区的微观特征没有明显差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面部问题是人体脾脏问题的反映 , 只有内外治疗才能有助于解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是早期肾病损伤的诊断方法 , 具有巨大的市场需求的优势和临床价值 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	李海姆再次获得了2004年最佳生产商 " 和 " 最佳男性音乐家 " 的2006年由金梅洛迪奖金委员会颁奖 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个电子商务前面应用程序、社区网站、门户网站、样本报告以及项目时间追踪应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度多文本中添加的平均14至21个新的节目 , 相比第一周的电影平均为150个节目 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和持有者 , 礼品 , 陶瓷瓶 , 叶子和糖糖糖瓶 , 凝固桌子 , 蜡烛 , 蜡烛持有者 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他敲进鼓里 , 发言人 , 把他的牛排起来 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 用好的方式把自己扔到地板上 , 然后把它扔到地板上 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	李维特说: " 不要跟老板一样 , 虽然他个人负责进一步工作 。 "
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	亚蒂拉国王亚蒂拉 , 西欧大部分的猎人和猎人 , 死亡了一场死亡 , 死于一场激烈的战士 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	有一个视频共享能力 , 你可以看视频 " with " 的其他人 , 虽然你的交互是限制在视频之外的一个混乱的 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	改善xerosis的主观症状 , 临床xerosis的严重度分数和dermosic的外观 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	抬起剪切床 , 很快就开始抬起来 , 当感觉逐渐与剪切压力板连接到半个 , 开始慢下降 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底层改革不能抵御 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免面对 , 并且它传播像一个不可阻挡的平原 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	艾姆斯花费了其他的电影照片来获得他的收入 , 让他的逃离 , 把小女儿从她的新兴的家长回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则分配的值是应该在测试1中分配到一个机器的测试之一 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几个星期后 , 我们得到的话说 , 克里人希望我在约会上讲话 , 虽然它还没有明确的能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果也可用于解决中国西北干旱地区的同样盐问题和地球遗传问题的参考 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	水晶化合物c6h12n3ps , 含硫类似tepa的硫化物 , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	介绍了热量计的基本原理和热量计的热量计 , 并给出了一种热耦合温度计的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥位于中海岸 , 18公里东 , 位于意大利边境附近 , 法国周围 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有一个文本会改变世界 , 但是把这些条约一起 , 将约束基地组织的招聘池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周中午 , 富有的爸爸停下来 , 我们听说他的卡车在停车场上跳起来 , 当发动机被转了 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	此增加的电压主要是电源线频率 , 其对电压计读取的影响将取决于正常模式拒绝能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南白惠贸易有限公司是一家公司主要从事进口的葡萄酒、香烟、名茶、烟草等 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	为了获得 " 双重财富 " 的效果 , 试图在任何床面反映出来的食物对桌子上的镜子 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当骆驼完成喝完的时候 , 男人拿出一枚黄色的鼻子 , 重量一两只黄色的手镯 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆市前教师为例 , 通过问卷调查工作负担和影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类可能是完全像清单1中的同步遇测器示例一样 , 但相似性只是正式 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另一个风险是 , 个人和商业账户将得到混合 , 因为他们和莎梅亚克尔一起做 , 现在正在继续银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能带来一定的爱者使用非常长的鱼棒来捕鱼 , 而且可以减少或设置 , 同时也可以方便地抛出鱼钩 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 某些燃烧机性能较差的燃烧机械喷嘴可以得到更稳定的燃烧机械喷嘴 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	因此该服务生成的schema定义和soap消息是语言中性的 , 并遵循wsi基本文件 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收代码 ! 创建了你最喜欢的收集 , 经常使用的snippet , 确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们在一个小时的基础上提供更新以保持我们的用户信息的情况 , 直到今天才解决了4pdm之前 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 膝外科医生仍然是一个挑战性的问题 , 重建损伤或修复损伤的nicus的功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些在政治权上拒绝任何纽约时间报告并不批评地相信任何由狐狸新闻提供的东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管特朗普的爱与中国的关系 , 他的中国球迷相信他是美国人 , 甚至世界也是伟大的 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	同样 , 由当地政府计划改善基础设备大量的重设备制造商比如caterpillarinc 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当谷物是地面的时候 , 或叶子被煮成更多的可消化的时候 , 可以让更多的营养物质被体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找一个机会 , 让他的团队接近一个大城市学校的艰难的比赛 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上周 , 一些主要的银行包括ubs降低了他们的增长预测 , 大部分是因为担心出口会逐渐衰退 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热荷载集中在离散时间内的外部环境下 , 可能导致一个形式的变形 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依赖系统中的多种文档滤波器 , 可能需要添加检查 , 请求文档是否是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数5000个应用程序都是用基于android的平板运行的手机编写的手机 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 深刻地分析了作者的各个时期的作品 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室以黄自行锁定为安全 , 可在仓库中被看到的渔业价格玩具盒 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	针对生理信息融合的多维性和非线性特征 , 采用svm建立医学建模 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	1934年6月16日伦敦 , 美国队击败英国维伯林 , 美国网球球员英雄杰克布斯和沃特曼杯 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党巴基斯坦人民党说 , 一项联合国调查进入她死亡的唯一途径是达到真理的唯一 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场干预的产业组织干预方式 , 行业集群已促进 , 促进经济发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸呼吁维多利亚也允许在任何决定结婚之前与男朋友合作日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 虽然这些成功仍然是非常关注的 , 但他们背后的原因 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将有昂贵的增长 , " cinic在一份声明中说 , 伴随着报告的释放 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个哈勃的太空望远镜显示了 " 猫的眼睛内布拉 " 是世界上最复杂的 " 星球星云 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管道系统 。 玻璃加固热塑料组件 , 试验方法证明了螺栓式联接的设计 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪士尼的执行官说 , 如果他们在中国成功地努力 , 他们可能在世界各地的其他国家滚出英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	随着我们世界各地的各种美丽的地方 , 我们失去选择 , 唯一的办法是遵循心路 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非地区的居民或其他城市地区 , 可能会在富裕国家同样的外国人 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位guuguyimithirr发言人被电影告诉他的朋友们如何在他的青年里 , 他在鲨鱼感兴趣的水中被捕 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	有限的数据表明 , ms0和tsr在平均值的1:0.93之间 , 平均值大于tsr 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	这种轻笑起来的性游戏现在得到了所有的黑暗和有趣的 , 更有创意力的男人 , 更有创造力 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqae和qam决定是否需要额外的行为 , 并实施此行动 , 以确保计划审计作为规定 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	此外 , 它还可以保护可能由ct的二级负荷变化导致的磁性约束线保护 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 在稳态铸造过程中 , 超细板适应两种生产工艺的清洁度大约是一致的 ;
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可交付的是一种可测、可验证的工作产品 , 例如规范、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联合国士兵承诺不再战斗 , 回到这次承诺 , 他们被释放在巴罗里 , 送回家里 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	卡特帕尔斯从身体的背端移动 , 直到达到头部 , 直到将它推进 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有来自多斯托夫斯基的故事的灰色摩擦场景 , 特别是黑色和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可抵御的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中会有更多的益处 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过迫使他们回顾他的离职 , 诺佐先生可能会帮助最后一次改革:更多的透明度和会计性 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 。 我们有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特皮尔斯 , 丹尼斯·伯格坎普 , 詹姆·莱曼 , 现在又一次 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们互相冲突 , 斯托德德博士在汤普森先生的耳边 , " 感谢汤普森先生相信 。 "
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	超速、压力或担忧的孩子经常会开始睡眠 , 而睡眠剥离的严重后果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 他在印度买了土地 , 吸引了农民 , 阿特兰人和知识分子 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过对提高和错误管理的组合 , 名人安妮·莱博维茨发现自己在债务中2400万美元 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈文浩先生要求统一的思想 , 保证各种工作的完整实现 , 成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	最近 , 早期人类的发现仍然在中国和西班牙 , 怀疑 " 非洲理论 " , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他写了一个名叫 " 一个寺庙里的孩子 " , 描述了他的生命和学习 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	在一代有关法律的过程中 , 法律的一代审判的报告取得了很大程度上 , 并从当前的角度重新启动它 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但是他决定采取笔 , 抓笔 , 继续写作 , 每个字 , 他需要支付普通人不能想象的努力 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	" 进口税率 " 的个人行为和个人邮政公园 " 是本集的一部分和范围 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 城市和某些视觉私人开发人员也开始试图改变 , 改造商业空间进入洛杉矶公寓 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主人家人清楚地知道 , 除了先进的时间/地区/地区之外 , 当你想去旅行或停留的时候 , 还会得到同意 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	这样 , 在前苏联有很多平坦的建筑 , 在这里有公共厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	其次 , 有一些糖尿病患者可能从阿富汗获益 , 第三 , 阿富汗患者可能希望保持药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	王后来承认假设数据 , 使论文看起来更好 , 但声称一位同事把他放进思考细胞线是真正的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	它还确保您的应用程序返回端与您通常的特权运行 , 因此您不需要做出关键文件世界可编写的 , 这是一个大额 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	据纽约时报道 , 凤凰太阳首席执行官和总统里克·福尔斯是一位长期的nba执行官 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	联合国俱乐部的运营基金通过参与者收集资金 , 政府提供地方和体育设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	它是由莱德斯大学直升式hhcare大学的学校简单地提高法律溃疡恢复的 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王bhumibol导致了泰国王的死亡意味着 , 伊丽莎白二世成为世界上最长的君主 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四十四条建设企业合同工作 , 应当申请此类资格规定 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	通过对大地区精神胶原的培养 , 成功预测精神素a培养的前景 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 闻到竹心深处 , 优雅 , 精炼 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	作者分析了kellog氨基转化器中催化剂的毒性原因 , 提出了防止催化剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	对六种量子特征的遗传作用进行了不完全的透明交叉试验 , 研究了六种量子特征的遗传效果 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到纯粹的时候 , 却发现一位上帝只有在债务中 , 只有2个人有太多的承诺 , 没有看到福恩的图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种好办法 , 包括swot分析 , 评估您的市场 , 开发您的组织身份或简单预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	走到gulangvilla酒店 , 还在gulangyu , 你会看到三个相互看着海鲜餐馆 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一套自动功率机械装置 , 一种自动调节可移动旋转、后流缓冲和升压阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文提出了利用简单的缓冲不等形式来找到多变函数的条件极端的两种建议 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择147个私营企业作为样本 , 通过因素分析 , 得到7个共同因素 , 分析了21个内在影响因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了催化酵母和聚乙醇在连续生产过程中的作用 , 催化了催化酵母的行为 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	因此 , 各种不良后果 , 包括不良的性能、大规模的系统备份、决策可行性 , 以及增加失败的奇迹 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种新型的实时语音质量评价方法 , 利用反馈向多类随机神经网络实时语音质量评价方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待的过程中 , 9个城市必须损失一个人在一年中幸运的预测 , 这是一个玩家和收入的过程 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血浆内皮素和肾氧化物对高血压患者血压的影响 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 大卫和金正看了戏剧的辩论 , " 红室的梦想 " , 沿着各种生活的dprk人士 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同缝合固定管端的不同缝合固定强度 , 评价适当的缝合缝合数量在切断韧带重建中的应用 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	在设计拱管时 , 必须计算拱管的荷载情况 , 主要讨论了拱管在交叉工程中的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的评价磁共振胆管切除术治疗良性胆管梗阻的价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为这大部分是因为男性皮肤厚 , 这种皮肤隐藏了造成细胞的脂肪细胞的出现 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我将谈论谁会从课程中获益 , 以及一些关于这学期的详细的课程中 , 我们会在课程中覆盖的问题 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸快吗 ? 你的脉冲比赛 ? 你的手折似吗 ? 这些感觉阻止了几年的生命 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	在霍格霍克莱拉拉拉拉拉拉拉拉拉拉兔睾丸细胞疫苗生产过程中 , 疫苗的病毒并未获得标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	通过含有活性氯的有机酸 , 引入了氯化碳酸的活性氯原子 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我公司产品很好 , 产品在世界上销售很好 , 比如:东方 , 我们在世界上拥有大量的成本 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是影响农作物生长的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和自然生态环境的腐蚀 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这名叫解释他们的动机市长承认在城市xiwali的犯罪事故报告 , 他正在撰写报告平衡 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了建筑和装饰中硅密封剂的制造原理、性能、影响因素和使用原理 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五个卧室 , 现代家庭超过1500米的广场和完整的退休家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个诚挚的和紧急的问题 , 关于这个人是如何中年人 , 他不想浪费时间 , 而且你知道他应该怎样做 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语习俗成为美学的主题 , 为出生吸引力、呼吸力和社会价值转变为审美价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存行的简单实现可滚动 , 允许您滚动后面 , 并向前面展示了行列表示的记录 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 由于我们在本周的特殊报告显示 , 德国的成就 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 告诉一个相当不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	调用api以htp请求的形式为建立的服务进入点url , 包括xml数据的详细信息 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持初级和二级学校 , 除了英语和马来文化的主题外 , 学生在中国教育 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件、xls扩展表或动态web页面 , 实际上没有开放一个ide并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 在不同民主特征下 , 选择性吸收过程中 , 性吸收的影响逐渐增加 , 不同民主特征不均匀 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育核心是培养学生获得创造力的学生 , 关键在于教师指导和学生的参与 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾范佩西的一项新的合同在阿森纳温格的议程上 , 但他不希望这个问题在几个月内成为媒体肥胖的问题 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个</p><儿子宿主的美丽威胁了陈玉 , 陈玉最终没有敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我在计划到陌生人看的时候做了我的家庭工作 , 我知道 , 用照相机建造的好照片是很难的 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	瓶颈炎和哮喘可以引起叶子和失去年轻的生长 , 通常在灌溉过程中流淌 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普遍条件包括人类的思想质量和道德质量 , 科学上的文化 , 劳动技能 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟对此表示了 , 中央出现了很长的计划 , 面对的最关键问题是广告承认程度 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以向我们返回的订单 , 如不可交付或不可交付的 , 客户将按照每个公园运输费用 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	除非mofcom所接受的价格不应该采取或接受的价格 , 否则由于这种污染引起的污染和伤害的初步确定 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果纯甜薯素由氰胺、三苯胺、马尔维素、肽和甲基甲醇组成 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	了解不同类型的吸烟木材 , 为了制造酒吧砖 , 了解更多关于bbq灌木和火坑在这个自由烹饪视频 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳替代方向 , 动态 , 地理长期 , 纬度 , 替代方向 , 云覆盖 , 大气透明度 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴刚曾经说 , 碗形式会帮助观众集中在容器底部 , 集成人们和结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比西方的玻璃海岸更多 , 在美国最南部的顶尖 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统奥巴马在今天的大部分时间和公众出现在改革国家健康保健体系的一个问题上 , 正在引发奥巴马的大部分时间和出现 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	测定了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和灰的成分 , 确定了铁坚酸和泡沫的营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我读到这个消息时 , 我是一个完全震惊的时候 , 然后我回来 , 昨天晚上 , 他看起来就像昨天一样 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为一个特色的城市 , 资源城市已经在建设整个工业和国家经济体系中取得了巨大的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了当地硫回收过程的基本原理、过程流程、技术特点和工程实例 , 以及我国硫回收过程的应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果您已经使用过railsasau验证了 , 那么您知道一个标记用户将设置与会话内的用户关联的值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	迪恩斯坦解释了神经活动在睡眠期甚至在典型的脑中 , 通常与某些模式有关 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一个可移动的观测塔 , 可以用来直接导致如何的火灾和火箭的位置 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种设施 , 如污水处理厂 , 鼓励科学家工作出来更好的减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	虽然他们冒险地说 , 中国语音在网络上表示 , 公众意见已经准备了一些更复杂的事情 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	纽兰档案馆 , 看看他的酒店窗户在巴黎街道的国家高兴 , 感觉他的心跳与青年的混乱和渴望 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	本:是的 , 很多人呆在那天晚上 , 电视我看到人们在长城的街道上挥舞着民族旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 谢志敏和志敏也试图帮助赫敏 , 负责推动全地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然适配的身体也会引起更小或更重的女士的注意力 , 但小的调整可以做到更平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	显然 , 不同层次的管理水平 , 无论海岸基础还是在海上 , 都需要不同的知识水平和意识 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	政府允许萨里亚法律在今年早些时候被武装极端主义拒绝抑制两年的后果 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 他补充了英文代表电影的英文代表 , 虽然其中七个只显示了它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	据戴利说 , 一位苹果代表对他说话 , 告诉他 , 由于它的 " 政治指控 " 自然 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	建立一套科学综合考试体系 , 进一步开展后科学教育的进一步发展 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	也许最重要的是 , cd19l甚至杀死了那些高度抗化疗药物和辐射的白血病细胞 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	该系统将允许战士使用手持电脑 , 请求全面的有趣视频 , 例如怀疑敌人位置或敌人领域 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的 , 没有疑问最著名的美国主义和最宽泛的美国主义 , 甚至是那些几乎不知道另一个英语的人 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织保持周默阳在交通政策的结束时 , 为了方便生活 , 她将回家搬到东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男性最完美的浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了对泥土性的美德 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的过程中 , 几周里 , 告诉我们充分重新启动自己 , 到目前为止要得到一个星期天早晨教会 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	该方法采用纤维素凝胶来支持大鼠心脏细胞 , 在纤维蛋白断裂之前 , 随着细胞组织成组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了建筑能源节约的窗口 , 指出低玻璃是目前最好的一个角色 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们的年龄 , 突变的数量开始扩展系统的修复能力 , 迈多纳德里开始了弥补和死亡的能力 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一项独立的研究 , 看起来像小的透明昆虫一样 , 双重了从7 , 000到14 , 000种的已知物种 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的商业是非常紧张的 ! 在试图出现amway的产品之后 , 看看我们的上线如何有这样的时间 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血是人类语言中的重要生命 , 是人类语言的重要组成部分 , 血液的丰富 , 例如能量、情绪、艰难等 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格刚起床 , 谨慎地把妻子拿起来 , 因此不要破坏贝特哈 , 因为他已经付了一个圆满的总结 , 他亲吻了她的嘴唇 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	国家油井瓦尔科已经开发了下一代的项目 , 这将培训和开发高潜力的大学毕业生为未来的领导地位 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 携带乘客和货物 , 是铁路的主要任务 , 随着社会的发展 , 铁路在铁路上占有更高的要求 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她继续希望她丈夫的一个重要项目 , 很重要的是:静脉从他的衬衫里拿出来 , 枕头从他的身体里拿出来 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	文章通过2006年出版的红书信息 , 介绍了世界铀资源、其在一些国家的分布和变化 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华宁波计划在专业、动物和消费市场开发国内市场 , 我们希望更多的人加入我们 , 明天我们将会更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	周五 , 一份独立的报告显示 , 消费者信用增长在1月的第二个月后 , 下滑20个月后 , 消费者信用增加了良好的支出 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者中cgmsi和csi可获得有价值的信息 , 并提供合理的临床疗效 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiphop社区已经收到了一家来自普通音乐集团的股权投资 , 没有公开投资的财务细节 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但是 , 镇计划者 , 热烈地试图将资本转变成现代、有效和科莫斯托利亚城市 , 大部分的历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	字母:pages像posts , 但是 " 在访问管理页面的时候 , 正常的博客铬 " 生活在正常的外面 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国婴儿有效早期学习程序是一项完美的评价体系 , 结合评价和教育过程的综合评价体系 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	除了提高了rpuf的压缩强度和模块的压缩强度和rpuf的相容性 , 同时提高了耦合剂的相容性 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了 " 竹墙 " 的villa , 由日本建筑师肯马拉设计的 " 竹墙 " , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 做一个立即模式与注册3相比 , 存储了4美元的结果 , qi4美元为3 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	周日 , 观察家声称 " 茶党在联邦开支规模上升了愤怒 , 尤其是在银行出售 " 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 到了90年代末 , 许可样本已经变成了这样的成本 , 许多拉布人开始创建背景跟踪和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	如果早期检测到的5年生存率大约是98% , 但是在先进阶段检测到的15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但是在过去几年之后 , 加拉德里尔出生了几年的庆祝 , 他的父亲和埃伦的儿子一起去了伊斯拉德里 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日晚 , 智利总统与外交部长唐在智利参加东美论坛 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在手套的背面上 , 数百只rinestone单独缝纫 , 这种手套是历史的重要组成部分 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 中国的破产公司正在增加基于破产的公司 , 而在美国销售的时候 , 这些合作伙伴们在付出一段时间 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评中的有机形式 , 包括 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机 " 和 " 相反 " 三个概念 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下面的命令将创建 , 在卷组测试vg中 , jfs2文件系统使用安装点/fs2的jfs2文件系统 , 并只读取允许 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨英国6和英国18个水平在血清和风湿性动脉炎综合鉴别的关系 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	马山钢铁和钢铁电磁搅拌系统的当前运行状态和问题 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线遗传 , 等于性别之间的遗传 , 建立个体属性的基本内容已经成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱的完美状态是单一而独独独独独的 , 就像花朵传递的花词:保持夏季的记忆 。
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	华地盆地位于中国南部吉林省 , 是一个半格拉伯盆地 , 位于邓华南断层北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	本单元具有两个128加仑混合罐 , 一个30gallon持有胡椒和一个方向的进口腔槽泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理多元主义 " 经常表现出民主的公共文化 , 但现代主流思想是经济主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近 , 建立了一种基于更新大气分散算法和相邻方法的化学评价模型 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的分配需要仔细考虑 , 但如果做到正确的通货膨胀将不再成为关注的问题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作计划 , 运行在ct和超声波图像的指导下 , 运行 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	所以当然 , 所以当然 , 必由刀死 , 由于刀死去 , 由于虫子 , 所以在地方 , 你愿意去 , 去享受 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的集成模拟 , 包括延迟锁定循环 , 同步到参考钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸称 , hkma将增加两个欧洲资本通过交易基金 , 投资汽车hkma管理 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	最近的股票回报已经在家庭预算上增加压力 , 标准普尔500指数今年7月下跌了约4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他在非政府组织的限制下重新启动了海外运营并收到美国税收者从执行堕胎的资金 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊环境防止这种情况 , 它可能会与国务院证券委员会批准发行安装 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	一般相对性 , 时间被认为是高度、宽度和深度等尺寸 , 创建一个叫做空间时空的四维宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	很少有人习惯于早些时候从灵魂中获取质询 , 因为它更难检测自己的心 , 比写简历 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统弗南多卢戈的发言人说 , 尽管被诊断为淋巴癌 , 他将继续在办公室 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	允许持有者应当确保项目设计、建设和运作按照在欧洲报告中包含的信息和建议 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型的时间越长 , 消失了自然的速度越慢 , 如果有重复的拉什 , 可以显示出不断的蛇类 , 安装的形状越多 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , niu加入了emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家签署的国际经典音乐品牌 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是在我的经验中 , 基本uml语言超过足够的文档 , 对于大多数软件密集系统的架构来说 , 基本uml语言的重要性 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我想如果我在晚上做一些航空运动 , 它可以帮助我在1500年的时候提高能源水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从ae治疗的第一天 , 小鼠pmn的化学物质开始降低 , 大剂量剂量组的效果比小剂量组更大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	在芝加哥会议上 , 最近从西门子网站消失了 , 从未讨论机器使用的具体地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可变线性回归数学模型预测火灾传播 , 监督火灾预防 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法采用自我抑郁范围、自我抑制焦虑规模和自制问卷评价245名学生 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	劳里亚先生告诉法院 , 我们不应该通过这个过程来贡献更多的努力 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	celegians是一种智能科学家 , 出现为浮动大脑培养了一群怀孕的牙齿 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司的新飞机需求将在未来20年内增加五倍 , 需要超过2 , 000架飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看到上帝的惊讶作品 , 听到从西亚的神的声音 , 就像正确的恐惧 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地区 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 学校的教学阶段被称为 " 保守教育 " 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当埃登出生的时候 , 他被给予抗生素清除肺部过多流体 , 尼古医生建议我们允许它 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微气候从约翰尼·沃克瓶里出发 , 鼓励我的想象力从它的浏览中出现 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一条小树的时候 , 他们听到了一条巨大的飞行在头部和一条路边的草地里的草地 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外 , 外有一些疾病每天吸入超过10个或酒精 , 生殖炎也不能使用药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预测1 , 今天为下载提供的第一个步骤是在本土html5支持下一步的进展 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革的培训应该与后来的培训相结合 , 使学生可以改善思维的整体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有耐腐蚀性、耐热性、耐磨性、耐磨性、绝缘性等优良的能力 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	该控制器在纺织染料机械多功能电动同步控制系统中应用 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论5种杀虫剂量可用于我国cx.pipienspallens的耐药检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	对于大多数来说 , 目标是在晚上一段时间前吞下所有葡萄 , 但周维亚人坚持在13个葡萄上进行良好的测量 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短代码实现同步信息 , 克服了相关代码传输的难度 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这就是为了解决服务方向和服务方向的技术体系之间的关系和区别 , 所以这里是破坏它的一个方法之一 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件传递到 , 这使得很难回溯到原始的问题来源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是新兴的mbasedbisdn和adsl的先进 , 缩短了不对称数字订阅循环的形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组装水处理细胞是技术可行的 , 应该受到水采集和节水灌溉工程的广泛应用 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 学校的某种类型积极寻求沃尔多夫毕业生作为潜在的学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	本周 , 来自21个国家的高级官员在夏威夷举行会议 , 亚太太平洋经济合作论坛年度峰会 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	文章还讨论了城市循环路建设的功能 , 通过阶段执行的必要性和环境路的站点 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多用途组合的plough可以结合培养和松开 , 实现空实体综合培养方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	孙erniang强烈推荐了hinai'an , 揭示了他在那时男女和女性之间的平等概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	一些直觉开始了他们 , 他们把他们的背部转向了火车 , 开始从草地上跳过 , 他们的运动就像任何球员那样优雅 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	pyridoxine:在双盲、交叉研究中 , 发现比甲基苯酸甲酯更有效地治疗高活性儿童 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国商业中扮演了重要作用 , 进一步 , 它对国家经济产生了巨大的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您的收藏 , 保持我们的新兴作品和收藏卡 , 收藏行为也是作品的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每天每天看到他们平均的性经验从每月的2.7到4.5增加到4.5 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江南地区杨昌地区 , 渗透性变化4+5储层具有良好的油气勘探潜力 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	研究将探讨加利胶囊是否能否破坏病原假单胞菌的通信系统 , 以防止疾病持续 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于亚层储层特殊的地质特征 , 引入化学代理的一般方法并不适合亚层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	" 我并不说我们看起来很糟糕 , " 玛丽说 , " 她说 , " 你不必是个糟糕的 。 " 我总是记得 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	将会说 , 这种革命可能会被背叛或hijacked , 硬线程和ocrat是一定的一天结束的 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	虽然iq和个性测试可能不会对fechner的想法有很多直接的直接关系 , 但他们的精神也是相同的:测量 , 来量 , 去了解其间的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	但是 , 沙盒有墙壁 , 如今魏博并没有与外界玩得多 , 对于一个严格的监控和审查政策 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	嗯 , 这是一个非常大的电话 , 如果你看完整的日子 , 找到一个正面的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobraddock意识到 , 对于订购网络的最大的障碍之一是消费者不能检查和触摸完美食品 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每个患者治疗 , 预算中有相当的变化 , 每年的ntp预算和总成本每年的总成本都有一定的变化 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 通过发明一种复合压力的复合压力 , 具有摩擦压力和液压压力的优势 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	这被认为是印度议会争论 " 人口稳定 " 的标志 , 这个月大部分忽视这个问题 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究格里菲大学校园视觉媒体的教练 , 为格里菲斯提供一些有趣的观察 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在斯科尔板上 , 几乎所有人都离开了站在站台上 , 休克很快离开了体育场 , 然后在停车场上得到了很多 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	虽然目前的数字可能会提示一个步骤 , 但分析人员说 , 他们并不是中国贸易所带来的一个定义指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译是针对点编辑的 , " 一个邮件集中在sina.com上翻译 , 一个流行的web门户 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	分析了反垄断机构的四个主要模式 , 指出有效电源对抗垄断机构具有重要意义 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗跟踪 , 但是当他或她被视为一个手段时 , 这经常缺乏 , " lucnoel博士补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	而且 " 更多 " 的是 , 园林地区、阿格兰、居住和工业土地将获得其峰值 , 然后降低稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbc报道 , 7月24日 , 德国杜伊斯堡西部的杜伊斯堡 , 至少有19人死于爱舞蹈节 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象能让我们任何东西 , 即使一位爱尔西亚综合征导致没有过度的行为 , 文学可以使我们任何东西 , 并且把我们放在任何地方 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成之后 , 他把旗子移去 , 很乐意地擦嘴 , 一些傻瓜的汉语像14岁 , 少于25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年 , 位于利马附近的太平洋的一座城市 , 成立于秘鲁最大的港口 。 人口264 , 133年 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人做过融合 , 我发现很难让这个考古学上超级富裕的城市变得更糟糕 , 没有一个旧的摩西 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经历一个困难的时间 , 试图学习外语 , 同时适应完全不同的文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个男人在森林里猎了一只狐狸 , 终于失去了自己 。 他在暗暗的时候 , 他遇到了一只白头发 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	环形的岛屿包裹着一个中央的拉戈隆 , 这是地球上最大的一个链 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	凤凰的羽毛覆盖了鸟体的身体 , 紧密关闭的花瓣创造了翅膀和尾巴的气动力表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	在协调异构系统之间 , 或作为正常业务逻辑的一部分 , 通常需要映射一个业务对象 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	但是 , 有时候 , 这种疲劳从低铁店里走出来 , 尤其是在20世纪和30岁的女性之间 , 尤其是在他们的女性中吃不多的肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 该设计是合理的 , 运动可靠的 , 由于这些硬化链接组合的性能达到了世界上高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了减少沿海鸟的栖息压力 , 必须在核心区边建造水流池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	infoq:看起来你对视频编码的希望已经越近 , 因为google宣布他们正在下降h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	马当娜 , 切里·布莱尔和贝克汉姆都搬到了沉默的南妮斯 , 威胁在他们的国内生活上升起的地方 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	装备一夜的vfr航空系统 , 设备来自朝鲜或加仑 , 得到并回到您的秘密目标也会更容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	酒吧和咖啡馆里装满了桌子 , 家庭在这里停下来 , 或是乘坐一杯葡萄酒 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	根据赵普林的高级顾问陈翔说 , 公司不能在经济衰退中产生利润 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界上最大的矿业公司的发言人rubanyogarjah说: " 我们不需要从欧盟获得批准 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市指数 , 因此 , 通货价格和低通货膨胀肯定对银行家 " 和借贷者的繁荣感到更多 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是教师生涯发展的重要基础 , 是教师常规工作中不可替代的一部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	除了打击其他运动员之外 , 还有20岁的年轻人完成了以前的比赛 , 纳塔利·波特曼和萨尔马·海耶克 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们得到有意义的结果 , 我们也证明 , 网格指数实际上是在后一节解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	比如 , 在短期的市场上 , 许多人指出宠物利润 , 股票明显波威也喜欢防御或覆盖地位 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者看起来似乎没有被认为 , 周一的交易期间的股票下跌了9% , 但经过几个小时之后 , 投资者看起来似乎没有被认为 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意到 , 阿瑟并不会在黎明的裂缝工作 , 因为他有一次与阿莫斯·迪格里的谈话 , 他已经开始工作了 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公室层次并不适用于:经理们喜欢熟悉 , 超过数百名艺术家在大片上 , 是无根的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	从现在 , 只有intelat在空间通信中做了16qam实验 , 其16qam是由传统的方法制成的 , 其数据率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜修复技术是用小切口、电镜和斑块固定的腹腔壁固定泪水的技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	我父亲告诉我 , 没有婚姻 , 没有婚姻 , 也没有婚姻 , 因为他们都太坚持分享他们的家庭财富或过去 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	为了一个俄罗斯舞蹈主题的调整 , 玩家将聚氨基聚合物变成另一个清理板 , 实现最多的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	一个危险的声明 , " 你 " 完全适用于公园的大峰、膨胀的冰川 , 以及深刻的瀑布 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达式是真正的非常重要的 , 当时我并不知道他是否是一个前世的老人 , 或者他是否真的是一个简单的子 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案可直接影响建设的投资和周期 , 决定建设完成后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及氟塑料衬砌制造和应用技术 , 尤其是一种氟塑料衬砌复合材料及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:评价血小板生长因子b对不同根表面附着和增殖的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	平壤 , 革命的首都 , 被破坏了 , 社会主义的公平主义公平在任何地方都是不折叠的 , 改变了国家的观点 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温显微镜和xrd法研究了含硫酸盐水泥克隆器的吸收过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变量指令、多地址格式 , 只包含小量的通用存储器 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	诚实地说 , 很多人都没有与课堂内容做过 , 正如我们教过的那样的东西 , 米歇根热1所大学的任何学生都会学习 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	由于中国在1979年恢复了金融信任业务 , 信任产业经历了六大改善和改革 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察肾小儿哮喘中新生儿血管悬浮的疗效 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南utes的所有bp错误 , 联邦政府已经被修正 , 大多数人对皇家支付没有影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	在逃离婚姻之后 , 她的父亲试图安排 , 她在荷兰找到幸福 , 但失去了一个由穆斯林·齐拉特谋杀的亲密朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过它们完全可见的机制布格拉蒂 , 建立在天空飞行器的原则上 , 虽然故事只有五个 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	但是 , 公司通常不给慈善带来慈善 , 它不会为政治活动带来贡献 ; 它不应该是理想的 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	现在96岁的祖母billie , 贷款了100美元 , 一个消防员站在第8年级的建立 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖食机械厂是一家专业生产自动检测机、凤莞机械、抛光机械的专业生产 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理rafaelbenitez赞成了史蒂文·杰拉德 , 以提高他的婚姻背景 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	cuimadam的观点很完整 , 准确 , 还有一些重新选择的李兴问 , 为了让牡丹那么多的烦恼 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	介绍了企业分布资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐述了解决了解决技术的结构和实现 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	需要加强 " 三农 " 的支持 , 即农村经济、农村发展和农村民主 " 的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细地分析了圆形光学长度波动的影响 , 假设是一种神经随机过程 , 对光纤环共振器进行了光纤光学分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文利用概率学和非概率学方法的结合来描述影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	利用霍尔、水阻硅油、六甲基硅氧化硅、d4合成需要的氢硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨胰岛素总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的追踪元素及心肌超微结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨t抑制剂细胞功能在溃疡性结肠炎患者的变化及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们共同关心管 , 垂直平衡的姐姐 , 一般时候说没有人太挑战不要听 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	在荷兰西部和东部的战争中 , 经营 " 市场园 " , 以及阿登尼斯的攻击 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章讨论了辽朝首都城市体系的相关问题 , 包括珠州城市与李上京之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但是奥巴马总统的预算主任彼得·奥斯扎格表示 , 共和党人只是对总统的税收提议做出错误 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	因此 , 力量不需要解决:它盲目地工作:在这种缺陷的情况下 , 内容也是有限的和意外的 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她保持时尚主义的声誉 , 穿t恤运动了她最喜欢的游戏 , 通过携带她个人化的咖啡 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本被称为 " 心灵 " 的书中 , 斯坦福德心理学家卡罗·杜威克给我所描述的一个名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称为了成为任何更聪明的人类大脑需要大量额外的能量和氧气 , 我们只能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月22日监管机构周五在美国银行购买五家银行 , 预计将成为银行失败的一年 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构预计 , 今年全球石油需求增长达400万桶 , 至86500万桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也受非印刷报纸读者的访问 , 认识了视觉、声音和运动到数字消息经验的重要性 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近的公众评论中 , 温先生承诺在中国维持外商信心 , 经常与国际执行官相遇 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果时间器在分段的数据被认知之前 , tcp假设分段已经丢失或损坏 , 然后发送重新传输 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	因为它与名义纳米二分辨率返回了结果 , 自然认为它具有相同的精度和精度限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	结果 , 通过球向前发布了一个完全重量的方程 , 使得它的成功感觉比完成二次方程更加容易 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司的研究 , 进一步扩展了其生产能力 , 年度生产能力达到了2008年12月5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真表明 , 该仪器大大提高了l、c和r参数的测量精度 , 并得到了较好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入社会头 , 拥有积极的态度 , 每个人都鼓励帮助在我们自己的校园内的社会建设活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还证明 , 他们可以分离整个肠道微生物群落 , 创建一个 " 个性化 " 的细菌种类图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在康复过程中 , 锁定板固定结构仍然必须保护全重轴承 , 直到联合国签署到放射图上可见 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军也对迈克尔·巴拉克有很好的关心 , 但埃森在周二转向穆里尼奥的问题上移动了莫里尼奥问题 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	法院文件简单中获得的律师和律师的律师 , 或写论文 , 遵守诉讼法院 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	可以证明改进的能力是否会破坏客户端动力 , 否则会有意义地进化过程 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金使人对身体疼痛的感觉较少 , 降低了社会情况下的残疾 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置缺陷位置来隔离与树脂砂相接触的熔铁 , 成功避免了缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 与zte手机、团队、贡献、努力工作、微笑服务和客户关怀的现实相符 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周不会改变的事情 , " 舒舒切特强调 , 解释了那些实验室外的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 青年已经睡了了 , 我在银行上坚持着 , 我可以听到所有东西的深刻音乐 , 天空向我开放 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场对阵圣纳的战争 , 反对了一场对手 , 她失去了四次 , 赢得了一次比赛 , 这太回到了2010年之前 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	" 我一直想有一个孩子 , 但我不想试着 , 只是把它放在那里 , " 马登娜说 , " 这是那些奇怪的惊讶之一 。 "
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过骨颗粒中的多层有机矩阵网格 , 表明矿相与珊瑚中有机矩阵有关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例高血压、6例糖尿病和6例患者有虚假阳性结果 , 包括11例自治性不均衡 , 9例高血压 , 高血压9例 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另一个故事从来没有证明帕诺伊达对希腊的兴趣严格是家庭的 , 参议员对此有血汤 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了有效dmus的一些有效途径 , 为决策和科学管理提供了参考依据 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果与谷歌地图发生了相同的效果 , 当公司试图将120kb页面大小减少到30% , 公司开始获得大约30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑毅也说服了保安人 , 获得女孩的诚挚和诚挚 , 深刻印象她 , 并不要与非使用 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法甚至允许您在飞行上修改身份验证规则 , 因为所有的pamaware程序都开始应用新规则 , 不需要在代码中任何更改 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但是我坐在我的山里 , 巴巴巴勒人仍然在他们的数千里 , 还有几个人敢敢于杀害外国人 , 知道他们肯定会死 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	因此 , 三季长袖在顶部和心脏器官是一种很好的办法 , 以便掩盖上臂和上肢体 , 同时也不会有一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	介绍了广东电信的一些相关概念之后 , 重点介绍了广东电信工作流技术综合支持系统的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	虽然汤姆意识到 , 他将会在销售会议上显示注意力 , 但他不能与客户的不合理的需求 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对派论文的一个非常好的机会 , 它立即攻击了他们所谓的非法干涉和破坏的州长 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找超过太阳的行星 , 相似地球和同事的技术 , 用月球作为镜子 , 看地球转移太阳 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰充满了这个建筑 , 是一个完美的炉子 , 门被烧了 , 地板燃烧 , 木基督没有烧 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	个人成员频繁回答这个叫做武器 , 参与国有的宠物驱动机 , 让各种提议放在篮子上 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 你怎样准确地评估你正在为您的产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 而且不仅仅仅是在大鼠洞里挖掘进一步的 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公众说法也有利于 , 如果他成功地获得他的观众同意的话 , 那是一个自信的增强者 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在的地方比在快速的世界里更有关 , 在那里你的工作讲述了自己和ivy联盟信 , 您的名字没有匹配您的黑客能力 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	那句话说 , 有很多故事 , 仍然在探索和留下探索 。 要消除只是关于阿瑟斯的故事 , 李国王是一个很短的观点 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体系逐步建立 , 高等教育体系在改革下 , 知识化的经济时代正在来 , 教育服务开放 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc已经发布的威胁应该给国际社会怀疑它在民主政府领导的准备性 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	目前 , 管理管理监督的政策在过去几年内 , 由于社会的明显成就 , 受到了广泛的接受 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	心理健康专业人士说 , 大多数受抑郁症患者都不会得到适当的治疗 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	同时还讨论了交互多模块方法 , 实现了统一和 " 目前 " 的运动模型 , 为目标建模加速运动模型 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:对医学知识、诊断、医学技能、评价课程、评价和测试等教学进行了探讨 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	印刷行业的日益关注的是 , 如果我们可以使用密度测量和控制点色墨 , 或者在考虑印刷过程控制的时候 , 就会产生更多的关注 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在阳城三宝500kvehv传输线中 , 一种固定的系列电容器 , 用于通过线传输的能量增加 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	卢西坦和泰坦尼经常被认为是姐妹船 , 事实上它们属于两个独立的所有者 , 但错误是可理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但是目前的h1n1流感真的很明显 , 人们已经把流感病毒传给猪肉、土耳其和牛肉 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	随着我自己的愤怒者正与格兰维尔的愤怒者在一天的记录中竞争 , 试图从前一天开始击败28只鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨r83岁 , 83岁 , 现在是他儿子的30亿美元的菲律宾基金会教练 , 比尔&melinda盖茨基金会 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	而且不仅仅是开发人员 。 由于burb对tim'reilly的开放问题显示 , tim提到用户开源的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	上周地震改造后 , 北京仍有数千人死亡 , 中国已经把第一个蓝印刷放到了第一周的地震之后 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	针对irdata混合材料的质量分析 , 提出了一种新型的目标转换因子分析和光谱图书馆搜索方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	原因是 , 具有声结构的知识基础 , 完成内容直接影响传播速度和专家系统的有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 液化程度随液化温度的提高 , 催化剂量和液相比的提高而增强 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了宋华河水系统中的冰自然性 , 研究了冰断层的抗蚀性能 , 研究冰断层的推进性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	跨越的城市、州和联邦技术部一直是由云周围的快速转炉所带来的一些组织 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这个卡是由一个孩子走门的孩子卖出的昂贵的吸附盒子 , 来买一个学校项目的钱 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	很多小的干燥是否从某些乳酸细菌中制成的酸性细菌 , 可以将糖转化成长淀粉分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济时期 , 一组生产区域和住宅单位作为整个社区 , 建立满足全国建设需求 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划也符合斯特恩的其他处方 , 为了有效的绿色刺激建筑效率和可再生能源的浓度 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 卢迅是最著名的中国作家 " 霍米特市 " 的作家 , 被称为日本学生所需的文本书 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单地讨论了敏捷的方法学特点 , 并与传统的软件开发方法相比 , 介绍了几种敏捷的方法mo 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%的患者的症状减少 , 囊肿显著降低或消失 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统的操作简单、快速、稳定、维护方便 , 接口友好 , 对于其流行和应用有益 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智力分析师一致一致地低估了中国经济进步的速度 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔法亚thalassaemia是一个遗传的条件 , 是世界上许多地区的常见 , 马来利亚特别是非洲和东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍主要脑系统损伤ct标志的分类 , 探讨其在诊断和预后中的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	模拟和实验表明 , 所提出的模拟模型是有效地描述像素陶瓷活动器的行为 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	奥氏体相位在gtaw联合微结构中占主导地位 , gtaw联合材料的低温冲击强度比smaw联合材料更好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要中心孩子和孙子们的生活 , 寻找自己的社会圈子 。 这样 , 你就不会失望太多的期待 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	按照下列项目的绝对数量 , 应当按照下列项目的绝对数量确定有效的对冲量 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公众是建设和加强电子政务和服务面向政府的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 要在圣地上做服务 , 圣地服装亚伦祭司 , 以及他的儿子的服装 , 到祭司办公室 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验分析了硅橡胶释放剂在室温下的表面处理时间的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾性分析30例脊髓功能不稳定性的生物反馈疗法及护理护理资料 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引规律 , 由清晰、纯洁、集中思想组成的强大内容 , 开始吸引你的欲望 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	为了重建心脏的三维神经图像和心肌缺血区域 , 从二维电子束ct中重建心肌缺血 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	在前面的示例中 , 将循环数字放在前面的示例中 , 将x添加到脚本的开始 , 并且执行它 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究以饮食咖啡因消费为研究咖啡因摄入与肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用集成带来了多个应用程序和信息源 , 无需直接调用它们 , 重点讨论应用程序与数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	而且 , 由于气候变化最脆弱的国家都是贫困的:他们包括索马里 , 缅甸 , 尼日 , 埃里亚 , 阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润现在正在达到2007年的前提峰 , 但在增长和稳定市场之间的差异越来越大 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	此外 , fda可以启动一个管理的回忆 , 如果机构决定一个成年或错误的婴儿公式给人类健康带来的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	丹顿是一位强烈的消防品牌 , 一位拥有巨大的记忆的人 , 他的观众在thrall举行了观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行的风格界面 , 许多商业软件被用来 , 是从一个年轻的外国手中开始的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母超化疗法是严重溃疡性结肠炎患者的安全有效的方法 , 可提高患者的组织学 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水质控制的高质量技术解决方案相关 , 来自自转换器到淋浴头和发泡器 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构 , 提出了信息树的概念 , 并提出了一种新的电阻测量方法 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管疼痛 , 但我会努力完善我的生活 , 不会对你们的爱 , 不会对你感到不满意 , 与你们玩10年的耐心玩笑 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	查特塔拉拉拉拉在法国花园的珍珠 , 由三个哥哥哥哥哥哥哥哥哥哥在圣诞节运行 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建实施和管理体系 , 是系统地实施课程设计和培训综合应用人才的前提和保障 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	目前 , 阿尔巴恩将带领一个充满魅力的攻击 , 试图赢得个人机构 , 保证大多数需要批准这项交易 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一所警察大学的演讲中 , zuma承认 , 南非在世界上有最高的谋杀率之一 , 去年有1800人死亡 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警方发现在泰国云南省和泰国港之间的船舶上 , 92000多台phetamine平板 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	向非洲发送军队向中非传播媒体 , 最终是穆斯基冲突是一个症状 , 干预者增加的症状更糟 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	试验结果证明 , qh4节省能源海岸装置具有显著的燃料 , 对任何汽车辆和道路条件下的任何模型节约了影响 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这种方法对clivus稍微不明显 , 但是可以提供一个广泛的曝光 , 就像与两边矩阵的方法达到了一样 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三人意识到 , 战争中胜利的关键在于天上 , 因此 , 改变了他们的刚性形态 , 自从开始以来 , 他们已经开始传播 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	cubic的模拟系统分部 , 基于orlando , 生产和制造的est2000 , 包括它的现实和鲁棒的模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法的基本思路 , 为地面结构安排提供监管 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的规模远远远远大 , 许多美国人认识到 , 根品牌改革并非临时修复 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅通过开发经济 , 使 " 社会财富 " 变得更大 , 而且在合理收入分配系统的基础上 , 政府不仅会使 " 社会财富 " 的 " 变得更大 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	新鲜的阿斯帕格斯在治疗25分钟的压力下达到1824天后 , 两次加压后 , 手术时间达到1824天 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	它是一个固体的小板 , 与一个类似的塑料前面和橡胶的纹理作为79美元的非触摸模式 , 但是随着较少的按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	因为我们的团队需要用户连接到数据库并设置多个jbos容器 , 我们用板来提高特定信息的用户 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	" 第一眼 , 这些光和颗粒的相互作用看起来像魔法 , " 她说 , " 极性分子是量子光学的薄膜 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个邪恶的国王克劳迪斯正在为他父亲和妹妹死亡 , 为了摧毁哈姆勒特的死亡带来资本和愤怒 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论 , 通过观察病理大片的观察 , 可以发现循环边界渗透 , 应当在手术后进行常规检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	地上没有残骸 , 盐马什 , 爆炸的喷气中爆炸的喷气的遗传物会离开普城县的尼佛机场 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经历了战争贫困和追求发展的相似经验 , 充分欣赏他们面临的艰难和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	将数据交换为客户端和服务之间的格式定义为xml的xml模式 , 显示在线咖啡服务的xml模式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题 , 据报道 , 有些美国媒体指责中国黑客进入五角洲的网络 , 以及关于我们的战斗射击的信息 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 南非平均人口的平均水平只有9.2%的人口定义为白色 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海水果外 , 还有很丰富的蛋白质、脂肪和碳水化合物 , 还有很多必要的维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	员工满意度可分别解释公司转变注意力 , 工作绩效与49.38%、58.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	欧文支付了一次性能的表演 , 这位年轻的球员打击了邮件 , 并且迫使一位来自罗伯toabbondanzanzieri的最佳救助 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	20世纪初 , 民间化的记者出现在20世纪早期 , 生长于20世纪 , 冲动是政治和经济体系的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双色荧光和流式细胞分析方法对不同布局时间、血解时间、洗涤时间进行了比较 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	命运使我们拥有两个世界级的进球员 , 我们的灵感领导人jt , 通知翅膀罗本和影响中场乔科尔 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车音频和视频、tac机、智能仪、太阳能、电动汽车、电力工具、军事应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	詹米·威尔森说: " 只有一半小时的时间才能帮助别人做出真正的差别 , 还有他们的生活 。 "
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	鉴于我们对保障公共卫生的责任 , 面对这样的局势几乎总是错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在新兴市场和发展中国家的改革中 , 加强发展中国家的代表 , 加强发展中国家的代表 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对孕妇流感的影响更加紧张 , 如果孕妇的死亡率更高 , 而孕妇之间的死亡率更高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	有趣的时候 , 我的朋友们 , 一些笑话 , 为了很有趣 , 就像许多阿根影片只吸引到一位杰出的观众 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	当我们想要安装第六名物理学教授时 , 更多的阻力被遇到 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的是安全版本 , 但是我不认为历史上有一个单个案例 , 在那里 , 炸弹威胁被称为 " 和炸弹 " 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这可能意味着不同成员的空间环 , 米克海尔·莱布米诺夫说 , kgb退休的殖民和著名的冷战空间 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们还发现 , 男性和女性工人之间的方法几乎没有差异 , 认为职业驱动妇女在薪酬谈判中就像 " 竞争力 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	它的软件肯定有 " 北美的正确连接 " , " 丹尼洛说 , " 虽然我们在欧洲和亚洲都有我们的 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然灾害 , 如洪水、热带循环、火炬和潮水瓶 , 几乎每年发生在这里 , 随着悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	soap<>cobol非xml变换可以与ibmwebsphere变换器开发 , 以便在getway处理策略中执行消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	结论:hbo与nimodipine相结合的形态学变化较少 。 音乐对高可循环性icvd具有较好的恢复作用 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际的探索方法 , 利用地震波实现的方案计算了周围岩的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	虽然这大程度上有很多实用性和政治困难 , 但它的利益可能是巨大的 , 超过碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 一些新闻:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等引入 , 从传统中国的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻造 , 润滑油泵喷雾 , 延长齿轮寿命 , 保证长期印刷色精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	青明节 " 河景 " 的著名图片也将在中国的宫殿里展现出来 , 以展示中国古代城市的魅力 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受的时候 , 这个知识的结果每次被锻炼出来 , 它的权力总是被直接推向了它的笑容 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	基督徒相信 , 终结可以理解上帝的意义 , 即使上帝的王国不够完全是理解任何危害的人的意思 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高能量的风洞试验 , 研究了矩形圆形变换和前身的超声波入口 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果 , 多肽和溶解酶均能成功地解决细菌的墙壁 , 并从细菌中提取血浆 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨乙酮的有效性和安全性 , 作为对帕金森病人穿戴电动脉冲的治疗方法 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子膨胀阀的流动特性 , 应适应超热增益到不同蒸发温度下的冷却流动率 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	11岁和索洛门为他的家庭提供了两千只小麦作为食物 , 除了二千个浴室外 , 还有两千只小麦作为食物 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定在2001年以来 , 根据欧盟基础教育项目运行的基本教育项目 , 在甘肃的一些缺陷学生 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef的临床疗效和毒性 , 作为当地早期乳腺癌治疗新型乳腺癌的临床疗效 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	为了加强组织和协调 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步加强医药业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	飞机在动物分割中被视为一个印度彩象征的双方 , 庆祝了70年的独立性 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车 , 大型和小型货车 , 箱车 , 观察汽车 , 无论是私人汽车或公司车都是上海贷款 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了物理变化到触摸屏外 , 触摸屏技术也在移动设备上使用了新的软件交互 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择上面蓝莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 草莓酱 , 菠萝酱 , 芒果酱 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行的发展面临着全面的挑战 , 包括多样化的纤维、企业在外国和发展中国家的竞争 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	不同于氯塑膜结构、颜料蛋白复合、电子输送部件和光合功能的内容 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	探讨改进型tvp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 以及改进的融合蛋白类型tvp3与免疫系统的有效性 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了桩壁类型的大径径圆矩稳定性的重要参数对桩壁类型的影响 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	你们中有些人可能没有做什么 。 相信它 , 还是没有 , 在我们中有百万富翁和百万富翁之间 , 质量相对正常 , 钱意识的人 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	1969年 , 前军队殖民地的力量在1969年的27岁 , 已经完全改变了他的形象 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	斯蒂文·杰拉德今天拯救了利物浦的德比日胜利 , 并坚持红军正在为第四个地方赢得冠军的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了大型细胞培养中污染的一些方法 , 包括人类培养、环境控制、缺血技术和材料管理等 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	离开yi并不知道这次危险的话题 , 这并不好 , 请求一个人与布鲁特多样的性格出现错误 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	据土地丹麦报道 , 利物浦正在唱歌埃斯堡年轻的尼科拉·科尔特的三年期交易中 , 据利物浦报道 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	18年法国信用农业银行沙街 , 南60年 , 桑德街道南部 , 角色交流是新古典作品 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	思想政治与政治的前沿工作的大学咨询员是思想与政治工作的基层指挥者和教育者 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct电流变压器是用来连接amter、控制电路和保护继电的仪器转换器 , 通常有5个单元 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 剩下了几天 , 然后在一个步骤里 , 干燥的果肉 , 公园层 , 以及绿种子都是火炬的 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声修正方法相比 , 非线性配件与中冲击响应函数相对较低时 , 影响响应函数的非线性配合较好 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	简介:小国和母亲给母亲付了尊重他坟墓的sb , 小国突然陷入了bug洞 , 10年之前 , 小国在返回了10年 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务流程能力中心可以提供一个中央存储库来解决这些需求的信息 , 并且在云中保持它很容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	通过实验测量 , 研究结果表明 , 从上述计算公式的表面温度分布的结果与实验测量相对一致 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	由于聚合物填料作为聚合物填料的一种重要方向 , 降低了聚合物产品成本 , 提高了产品性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	10月8日 , 迈克尔·波兰在纽约时报杂志发表的总统奥巴马写了一封信 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人 , 质量第一 " 是我们的网络 , 金泽人将继续创造出竞争力的产品 , 我们热忱邀请您建立未来的依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:冠状难度具有最好的抗蚀特性 , 因此在此窑中应用最适合于柱状 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 给我国市场带来了机会和赌博 , 信用已经成为限制社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在斯坦多夫期间 , 六艘美国战舰围绕着种子船 , 确保武器在挥发区域不采取其他地方 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	杂交特征明显显显显显示出母亲异体、水果设定日期、水果尺寸和颜色 , 如果杂交人口往往都会遵循哺乳母亲 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但是 , 即使体重反对利益的成本并不完全回答气候变化的问题 , 这是答案的一个重要部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有新型的结构 , 具有较强的耐用性 , 特别适用于各种各样的货车轮胎修复 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	来自刘南亚西部的大地区 , 这些被称为萨莫吉尼亚 , 这些阿森是最大的婴儿单位之一 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	进一步分析了模型的抗摩擦和噪声降噪机理 , 给出了该概念的研究方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左颈颈颈椎切除术用于颈椎癌和部分颈椎切除术 , 为上胸部的病变进行病变 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	缓慢的预期增长已经使联邦储预计 , 联邦储备可能会发出另一轮债券购买 , 以努力驱动长期借款成本 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了山西省内蒙古沙漠高速公路的土壤水分含量及其在路基和切坡的动态 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会表示 , 今天美国大学教师的六十八%的教师任命都是适应的 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量计、集成传感器、转换器和集成器在此基础上 , 并对其进行了展示 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	光的部落代表了世界贸易中心的失去的双塔 , 它只显示了五年前的许多记忆之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该相信那些犯了严重错误的人 , 而且他们的态度仍然不好 , 他们应该被剥夺当前的排名和完善者 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制剂基因pten对人膀胱转移癌细胞u87诱导的影响及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是bodoni , 它的领导人一般是pica 。 卫报 " 电话全天都在读者们采取更多关于爱迪克节日的信息 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	qcg系列传统的电机管道安装泵用来处理干净的水或其他液体类似物理和化学性能 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	非传统的药物 , 例如 , 引起牛肉痉挛性心理病 , 与人类各种切割性切割性疾病有关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	通过引入一个减少的观测器来重建外交系统的状态 , 解决了ootc法的物理实现问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	针对粗糙集理论中的连续间值属性 , 提出了一种方法 , 通过强调分类分离性的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	今年11月 , 中国空气防御系统显示出了强烈的重点 , 多功能武器与出口市场紧密联系起来 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔应该在安静的环境法庭中保护加工 , 可以使用tranquilizer来减少患者的痉挛、瘫痪和疼痛 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , nilmar应该作为一个替代 , 沃尔夫斯堡可能愿意减少他们的价格 , 减少他们的收入 , 允许罗斯诺里去污染 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动循环识别的并行混合电动车辆的自适应控制策略 , 并以电池sc为目标的平衡为目标 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	作为信任研究的多学科互动的现状 , 随着信任研究的多学科互动和异常的不断提高 , 检查其哲学尺寸 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	霍萨因和他的同事们的长期研究表明 , 大坝在干旱或半干旱地区的极端沉淀模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿在后院对苏联影响的时候 , 美国政策在重大程度下降 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 两个德国代理的捕捉发现了英国情报局的两种类型的代码 , 未能再次破坏 , 声明的文件揭示 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新型稳定添加剂 , 提高含有非基础氮化物的颜色变化和沉积形成具有良好的效果 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	净收入达到5400万美元 , 或每股4美分 , 从净收入的15100万美元 , 或2007年第三季度的111美分 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	虽然英语最受欢迎的字母 , 尽管英语最受欢迎的字母 , 但它确实不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时报主席阿瑟·苏尔伯格周二拒绝评论 , 除了说 , 除了说之外 , 纽约时报主席阿瑟·苏尔伯格拒绝评论 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	工作流动的动态、活力、个性成为客户的紧急需求 , wfms应用范围扩展和应用程序域不断扩展 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指部长进入一个大源 , 迅速从工人中间的一些污染物被用水洗在各种组件上 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	另一方面 , 麦克伦南感到更多的控制 , 说她喜欢前工作的方面 , 特别是金钱和 " 石星 " 的机会 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	由于我们每周花了40个小时或多个小时 , 对于你的健康和长寿来说 , 您的工作就像可能做的那样有效 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	当使用odbc时 , 这是一个冗余的实践 , 因为配置纯粹是应用程序的初始化 , odbc函数与数据库系统相同 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在八年之后回到巴基斯坦 , 只有几个月前在卡拉奇过程中幸存了自杀炸弹 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分开了糖尿病 , 给了一半的安慰剂 , 并且在血液中增加了hdl水平的药物 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	好的 , 你可以伸展它 , 说 , 一个工程改善人类健康的例子就是从一个地方获得他们 , 但是这比我要做的更多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者周一表示 , 与亚洲和欧洲的投资者大幅下跌 , 道琼643.76点 , 或超过5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是我从网络中找到的星形图 , 你更好地做这个 , 或者很容易被烧伤的esc结束 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 佛教思想的研究比其他人更少 , 尤其是大成六星午的内容和意义的研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的公司规定 , 鼓励sarbanesoxley在美国的sarbanesoxley行为的鼓励 , 以及其它措施 , 要清理公司行为将是消失的 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	你可以嵌入媒体来更好地说明一个主题 , 提供关于自己的可信性的信息 , 同时与其他人合作 , 提高你们的knol 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	本文叙述了mvc2的思想 , 基于mvc2的访问控制管理系统的创新和xml , 以及基于mvc2的访问控制系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史蒂尔接下来向cnn宣布 , 林巴赫的评论是独立的 , 丑陋的 , 促进利比亚对史蒂尔的能力领导党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更有可能参与城市娱乐中心 , 蒸汽黑顶 , 或者在公共池里的喷洒 , 或是一场火水化的喷泉 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	运用这些参考 , 我国应完成教育投资体系 , 为基本教育的发展 , 加强教育机构等优先性 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它袭击了岛屿 , 杀了两名士兵和两名民间人 , 因为南方忽视警告不要在岛周围爆发的争端水 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:在基于整个策略的基础上 , 实现创意思想能力的基础上实现创意思 , 实现了用户经验优化的最佳结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 作曲家肯诺斯库苏门拉还宣布在超级机器人战争中 , 没有采取法律行动的报告 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着我国的战略和领导产业的发展 , 高科技产业吸引了很多fdi , fdi逐渐成为我国高科技产业的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季度 , aol说 , 自己的成员将36%独特的访问者组成到网站网站 , 但产生了80%的页面视图 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但是最后我们决定跳过去 , 回到巴克赫 , 沿着我们的旅行者安杰和加入 , 同时也在探索这个城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	改变加利福尼亚宪法 , 禁止堕胎 , 直到48小时后 , 物理学家通知小鼠的父母或法律卫生 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	早期出产的大多数种子的胚胎可能是由于非正常内皮核分裂而发展到全球胚胎相位 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理教育应该教育专业知识 , 使其独立思维和培养生命学习习的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总战争 , 特别是一台崭新的发动机 , 将成为我们最新发展的基础 , 第一次引入全面的3d海军战争 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生将能够利用学习相关材料的知识和方法 , 并在未来遇到法律问题时找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论在角膜皮层下 , 角膜上皮下乳化的满意度 , 治疗大鼠骨质病理和力学因素 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	乐观主义者们灌木 , 政治家总是在初级时谈到人口矛盾 , 奥巴马先生实际上承诺自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	wii的设计模式在其它地方运行完全相同的设计模式 , 减少了您的发型选项 , 对于某些原因有限于一个颜色和三种风格的选择 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本论文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律集体阻碍权利时 , 才能有效地保护自己的工作权利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	同一联合国峰会上 , 奥巴马总统提出了强烈的旋转 , 但是当他面对国内反对的时候 , 他面临着强烈的反对 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿在2008年的民主提名中回来了几次 , 有时通过声音邮件 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践表明 , 希望实现、物质勘探和今天的外部戏剧现象 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	从任何真正的平衡球员的输入信号将通过完全平衡 , 直到达到平衡的头电话输出连接器 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为一个 " 伊斯纳 " , 收集世界大权力和各种政治 , 美国认识到中亚是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	与aop的最常见的人是gregregorkiczales , 目前在英国哥伦比亚大学的英国哥伦比亚大学工作 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型的帮助可能会在工作、方向、交通或其他支持上完成工作培训 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	那里有一个场景 , 为什么苏金终于去了她和永敏住的房子 , 终于把所有的东西放到邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元法分析外部环境对电导混凝土的影响 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp管理人员说 , 他们经常听到 " potus " 如此 , " potus " 是华盛顿短缺的 " 美国总统 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2美国认识到国际机构、外国政府和其他代表员工和他们的家庭成员的存在 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 由海关签署的相关进口声明表格 , 由海关发行 , 申请任何购买外汇的付款 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	基于板体和壳体的经典理论 , 采用两相有限产量条件 , 作为材料产量标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	伊小忠说 , 中国与马来西亚和新加坡保持良好的经济和贸易关系 , 三国互相互互互相交易 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	对于偶尔 , 本月的专栏提供了一个更深入的描述ibm的支持者 , 包括最新的特征 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1例较好的cap岩条件可改善煤炭甲烷散射和间接抑制甲烷吸收 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的照片显示了几十个学生在嘉凯体育厅内玩坏的玩笑和玩坏蛋糕 , 装备有空气化系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	根据本发明的另一个实现 , 图5显示了脉冲宽度生成器的一个示例 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一条街道破坏后 , 曾经是一条街道和传统的院子 , 只是王府东部的商店 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国国国民集团投票投票回新西兰的16个马里斯的头 , 来自各种博物馆回到他们的家乡 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国正喜欢建立和平建设委员会 , 协调和平保持、后冲突康复和发展的努力 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系的劳动法 , 劳动法是劳动关系调整的主体 , 应该是劳动关系的特殊性、狭窄的劳动关系 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师做了这一点 , 他们会创建日本产品 , " 希多斯基解释说 , 巴拿逊的海外运营 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	青蒿素提供了许多水果和蔬菜的黑色颜色 , 比如蓝莓和红辣椒 , 它们是黑米 " 黑 " 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站的女性网站说 , 几乎地震相关的灾难导致墙壁崩溃 , 飞行玻璃 , 飞行玻璃 。
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部大规模的景观范围主要由平原和高原组成 , 麦当尼尔在全国中心附近是一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的新闻 , 微型计算机锁定了其他地板的切口门 , 设置回收容器直到右键 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	干燥的早期水稻严重 , 干燥的年度较早 , 干燥的强度和时间过去了正常年龄 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	大酒店拥有高级副总裁joykmisra先生的荣誉 , 高级酒店销售和营销taj酒店和宫殿 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国很高兴宣布 , 它与parizanbelde和zorantosic和admljic共同达成协议 , 加入俱乐部 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我走过发展中国家的时候 , 问自己是经济多样性的最大的单一解释 , 它在这个领域下降 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	虽然目前已完成了许多外部调整框架 , 但对于此类框架设计方法的研究尚未完成 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是通过气体直接燃烧锂吸收式冷却器实现夏季冬冷却和冷却 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	我结束的身体位置 , 随着我的射击和脚趾之间的网球 , 我的身体位置非常相似 , 当你确实服务时 , 就会有什么 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	采用扫描电镜对l929细胞进行了多孔壳聚糖膜和生物相容观测 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚洲大学的精神意味着不同时期的意义不同 , 但乾穆的贵族雄心始终是中国文化的 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	美国夏天解释说 , 陶瓷是细胞膜中发现的脂肪类型 , 同时也作为体内应力响应的信号 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司已经建立了其现金水平到609亿美元 , 包括股权和其他投资3月 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据报道 , 8月份 , 由政客和公众关注的官方失业率 , 报告称 , 8月份 , 8月份有9.7%的官方失业率 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例手术切除指标的最后病理诊断进行比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然地理景观 , 由人类作为旅游资源开发 , 我们称之为旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角度:它转变绿色 , 因为soda水含碱 , 像soda水变成绿色 , 被称为碱性物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着舞蹈伴侣的发展 , 与社会的开放 , 永久剧场在唐代的存在 , 永久剧场变得越来越频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是脚板类型结构舒适、方便的脚板结构 , 明显降低了骑士的劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食物 , 易于充分的感觉 , 通常会影响餐饮的影响 , 满足客户的护理要求 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他于9月21日逃离温州到美国 , 由于中国银行和个人信贷人 , 离开了15亿元的债务 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心表示 , 地震震量测量了3.8在丰富的大约80公里的悉尼西南部 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于走开时 , 他的宝宝和腹部的组织从身体里冲出来 , 他就死在那里 , 就死了什么 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属框架复合住宅 " 广泛应用于石油、化学、药物、食品、贮存和运输等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求编程工具集的短语必须适用于标准程序的标准程序 , 要求系统提供编程工具集 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	这个课程要求基本问题如何在自然定量化中电荷 , 为什么我们不能找到一个孤立的磁体或南极 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	6月7日 , 2010年6月7日 , 路易斯安那海岸的巴拉塔利亚湾的深水平线溢出的一堆石油 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论白细胞cd18水平和mpo水平增加和白细胞数量减少大鼠岛的重复损伤 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计将承诺150个加拿大一名阿富汗警察训练任务 , 进一步从中海的150个 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持说 , omc的实现是欧盟的现实选择 , 尽管不足以帮助欧盟实现健康整合 , 尽管自己的弱点 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文包括五章:第一章和两章介绍了vor的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们的背上 , 有限的时间走去 , 为什么在我们能看到的时候 , 所有的神秘保留下来 , 来自巴西亚的rampart呢 ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	自从rgs进入10年之后 , 大约有10个高产量 , 高质量水稻品种 , 给吉林省带来巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查广告、印刷和网上都有分类广告 , 看看你可以在一个特殊的邻居中有什么可用 , 然后你可以得到最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	最近 , 在一个独特的航空实验中 , 170个座位的波音727被制造成在墨西哥的索诺兰沙漠的控制方式 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我告诉朱尔斯在审判的开始时 , 我们通常必须跳到日常生活中结论的自由 , 因为这次审判的目的 , 现在悬浮了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	这实际上 , 我把这里描述为一个参与意义的平衡 , 它是通过议会的定位 , 被指定为权力 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了fog成像多散射模型 , 提出了基于图像模糊程度的雾水含量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	本研究认为 , 由于具有良好的育种和遗传系统的完全国产昆虫 , 被认为是一种理想的模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机回到500英尺的1500英尺 , 然后修改我的航空速度 , 为了展览中心 , 我离开大约500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者不要做出冲突决定 , 比如把所有低风险的政府债券 , 为了让绿色的纸币只有一分钟 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的年轻时 , 律师基斯切尼奇经常与他父亲的政治和宗教相撞 , 但他也承认他爸的承诺帮助贫困和家庭 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果 , 大多数的表演 , 城市可以从事实上取心 , 即使10个男人 , 直到第二个进球 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该叫这些iphone类似的 , 触摸屏屏幕wfi手机与音乐和视频 , 真正的web浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 传感器 , 以及以上所有的应用程序存储 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果 , 自动旋转km-5000d微震光系统包括三个部分:微切割系统、双电子动力设备和控制面板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方作品的印象 , 盖茨基金会决定采用预防和出口模式 , 并在12个省复制它 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管在本月早些时候 , 尽管美国错误 , 英国航空公司将加入ib.法国、德国和意大利 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	另一方面 , 随着企业内部贸易和内部贸易的增加 , 由多国公司带来的贸易增加 , fdi对贸易有积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动图表将显示投资者如何在购买更多微软选项的风险暴露变化 , 或持有较少的中国股票 , 或短期油价 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和他们的病人一直担心由于新英格兰医学杂志的冶金分析报告 , 罗格利塔酮的心血管安全性非常担心 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	一些昆虫包括啤酒和肉类的昆虫在攻击时 , 活跃出血 , 但采取这种极端的措施并不明显 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民事应用中得到广泛的应用 , 介绍了飞机出生的irst系统 , 并介绍了其应用实例 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 给出了石灰水泥和混凝土厚度仅为参考 , 最后的厚度将准确计算 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	周二能源价格简单 , 油价在134.01美元 , 每加仑每桶4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	官员说 , 尽管它的所有者缺少了六个要求许可证 , 但在全面的国有财产上运行 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国的平均人来说 , 他们希望从我们可以学到的国家中找到一些东西 , 同时 , 由潜在的疑惑或歧视我们可能获得奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州长梅德韦杰夫在同一年的时候 , 同时在六月份宣布第三个星期日的父亲节 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	国际卫生组织今天呼吁联合行动加快开发和颁发高效疟疾疫苗的认可 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面临南方 , 捕捉最好的观点 , 横扫了2.5米以下的房间 , 防止玻璃进入房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	在这个时尚设计线程安全类 , 可以在多线程应用程序中使用 , 作为一个非线程安全类 , 但具有较高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	1979年至1990年 , 美国的生产力在近几十年中流动着广泛 , 从1979年到1990年 , 美国生产力增长了1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是 , 研究人员建议 , 如果未来的趋势继续下降 , 即使在6月到9月的夏季季季季 , 就会有更严重的循环 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 文章从研究背景和课程的基础上 , 分析了南方海河的再生和转型的经验 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气通过传统真空喷嘴的大面积 , 因此它的大型低压缩空气消耗较大 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	像霍伊尔先生这样的民主党 , 大部分是在布什政府的赤字上 , 它继承了预算过剩 , 但离开了赤字的办公室 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了在公共网上出现的sarql端点外 , 其他人出现在火墙后面 , 使企业数据的交叉查询 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据《时报》报道 , 托尼布莱尔的妻子切里·布莱尔在20年代中期是一名火车律师 , 报道 , 她是一名画家 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	战斗者从未出现过形状或在距离战斗中跑出气体 , 但两者都倾向于在12周围的一半 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	结果可以通过数值和图形直接看到的软件 , 此外 , 工作界面容易使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	现在您可以调整websphere整合开发人员身份验证 , 以便使用您的管理员用户 , 只留下wpserverid只使用服务器进程 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvc类型模型作为一个示例 , 但是可以应用丰富的web应用背景到任何模型和页面设计方法的基本原理 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能会导致平均竞争 , 同时参加持续良好 , 许多俱乐部已经冻结或减少票价 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视台上 , 一位新闻记者表示 , 副总统在历史上拥有最大的战争 , 因此奥德森最喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的双向性能 , 设计了一种双向高精度的高精度高温控制器 , 具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	虽然福特公司是去年在美国最佳销售车辆 , 但在2010年最高的十个列表中有六个外国拥有的模式 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 一个傻瓜不开放卵子或在释放卵子后释放卵子和肿胀 , 形成卵巢 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们只是与其他公司一样竞争 , " 公平场 , 康纳特最近在其网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	他面对法国的一项调查 , 他在2003年性攻击了一名年轻小说家 , 并在纽约的一名民事服装 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合体系的热舒适是最好的 , 凝结的风险比冰板操作的时候更低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的是 , 他和他的妻子每月收到约600元 , 在繁忙的时候 , 当产量跑到2点 , 他们可以每次回家2100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和灵感的时候扔几个词 , 信心 , 爱 , 妥协 , 除非你在他们身上行动 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论在星期五在北航空航班边的一个小爆炸中被逮捕 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队已经尝试了许多 " 偶像 " 的风格选择展示 , " 金金先前为他2007年的英雄而闻名 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们把他们看作非常相似的事情 , " 28岁的助理教授埃里克说 , 一个28岁的助理教授 , 引用数学和艺术 。
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的举措提高了猜测 , 他可能试图展示反对党成员 , 他对形成预算和税收政策的合作是严重的 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一家泰勒公司把样本发送给我 , 我不喜欢样本 , 然后在a/c发送样本 , 同时他也做了同样的事 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	为了研究儿童rti与血锌价值的关系 , 35例rti患者的血锌价值与40例无rti的病例比较 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择之后 , 主题会找到一个银liing: " 用一个破碎的腿 , 我将能躺在床上看电视 , 无罪 。 "
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文以宁波作为对象 , 对目前科技资源现状进行详细的调查和搜索 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	交通事故的损失是由非电动车辆驱动者或行业人员引起的 , 运动车辆的驱动者不得承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金包装商 " 项目 , 因此政府在购买新的汽车以替代旧能源工程的车辆被广泛应用 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	通过对双共振振参数振荡的阈值条件的分析 , 分析了信号光的吸收系数与散射光的不同 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人参观一个外国 , 甚至访问香港 , 我国的一部分 , 很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	支持者准备在2007年8月15日在加拿大加拿大国际大厦外的委内瑞拉总统胡锦涛 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	通过计算机模拟方法考察了agw电接触材料的电阻率、w组分和孔隙率对agw电阻率的影响 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰与美学约定 , 具有良好的对称出现 , 符合中国传统装饰与美学的规定 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	交通从洛杉矶到华盛顿的城市里 , 正如反war抗议者阻止了主要的交通 , 一些连锁自己 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为一个由多个计算机组成的下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它通过异步的串行端口交换命令和数据 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的请求越来越关键于微波传输装置的性能包括copler、分裂器 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	在徐子的历史观念中 , 圣与道之间的关系不仅具有逻辑的一致性 , 而且在不同的历史时期也有丰富的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许芝加达与客户所需的颜色交付香蕉 , 这些颜色从绿色到深黄 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在这里 , 在一个网站上 , 一旦加工核燃料棒 , 一个不寻常的纺织厂正在建立商店来服务汽车建设行业 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	同时也证明了一种高度的生殖能力 , tcb是一种非侵入性、简单、方便的监测和筛选装置 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	一千英尺的地下 , 水晶的洞穴只是壳华沙漠的一系列闪烁的洞穴之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	kopeck疲劳性能主要表现在撞击概率上 , 在已经在赛季中赛季运行的比赛之前 , kopeck的平均表现为36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	由于最小侵入手术仍然是 " 主要手术 " , 所有的并发症如心脏攻击、中风甚至死亡都是罕见的 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	建江 , 谢兴县居住在明初 , 清初 , 佛教名为香港 , 是新南艺术学院的首席领 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了南om-capsule完成的羊毛织物的知识化规范原理 , 建立了理想的吸热模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理、校正 , 为我们的目标设置最好的产品 , 满足客户的质量程序 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山大金矿是我国第一次采矿的硬岩矿 , 采用机械上升的水平滑动停止法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	所有数据库表中的特定列的值都加密了用户提供的相同密码 , 同样加密算法和相同的cipher模式 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	挑选这部电影 , 一部由比尔巴嫩美国特色的8个世界级的销售业务 , 8个外国 , 1个万纳比和一批挑选业务 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	逆向拱形弯曲曲曲 , 横向后驱动舱在稍微的输送、连续玻璃包装和高雅的环境下 。
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	本文叙述了宝钢家用涂层钢的进展 , 提出了生产质量、品种和问题的建议 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	富有主义 , 二十世纪早期的工艺运动 , 拒绝整个机构 , 试图通过强调机器和电影来排除当代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	前部劳动合同体系 " 劳动合同体系离开并注意到许多问题 , " 第五条要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同有效的时间提供有效的时间 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品、个人数字辅助、看钟、各种仪器、办公机械、计算机、汽车音频玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它的原本意义是狐狸借给了其他的动物 , 它的扩展意义是通过有人影响的美德来推动人们的影响 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马高血压大鼠复合中药的心保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	经常建立水电工程 , 为铝电厂需要的电量提供大量的电工程 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	用来吸烟烟叶的木材 , 烟叶的烟雾暴露量 , 使烟草的烟叶离开了不同的味道 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们集中在基于多层分区策略的指标设计和搜索者的基础上 , 提出了一种新的指标分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨恶性运动对大脑功能活动的影响 , 比较前后的血流变化 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	提出了多变量预测极分配自调控制回收算法的稳定性和全局收敛性能分析 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种制造平板热管的方法 , 包括以下步骤:提供上盖板和下盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	那座寺里的主要建筑是大厦、苏通大厅、钟塔、脚本离子 " 午夜钟钟钟 " 、地图第一层 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于沥青混凝土材料温度依赖于自然 , 测量反射 , 因此 , 路面的结构能力与温度不同 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年吴李在国内和国际地位方面取得了战略目标 , 作为对人口合理规模的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	利用氨基合成气相替纯氢 , 直接制备了脂肪氮的催化合成 , 可直接制备脂肪硒 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同时 , 学者认为:itch基本意识到基本上是由于边界感官经历的边界感觉体验与浅层皮肤顺序运行的位置 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 该系统可以使用软件或硬件处理紧急事件 , 例如给出异常、电源、停止电荷、停止放电等警报 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是适应经济的重要手段 , 税收制度的安排能大大地影响非稳定企业的发展 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	据利物浦报道 , 如果利物浦被严重的话 , 那么最高的大气将燃烧在大气中 , 底部将飞溅到地面 " 的纸张力量 " 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	这次演示是一天之前 , 由于德国核反应堆最终关闭的时候 , 安吉拉·梅克尔的中央联盟是因为讨论德国核反应堆的日期 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	应用隐喻理论、家庭道德体系和当代美国政治理论对总统竞选演讲的研究具有双重意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	内部人士指出 , 目前两家公司将在更低的利润销售 , 预期本市场份额 , 依靠高利润游戏获得利润 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 登革在世界上最快的疾病负担之一 , 今天报告了许多地区的病例 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫菲利亚社会的一项调查显示 , 70%的女性在1645岁的女性中发表了gp 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会遇到转换xml数据的任务 , 将xhtml转换为xhtml , 交互式 , 以及移动用户和各种浏览器的接口 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	就像一个救生职业顾问或金融计划员一样 , 正确的顾问可以帮助您建立一个坚实的基础 , 以及在开放你的门口时 , 你就可以通过缓解你 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢给你们的洋葱 , " 洋葱作为下一代人类的太空飞船 " , 一直被一些nasa工程师描述为 " 斯蒂罗伊德 " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	整个小时的工作完全失去工作的平衡 , 导致你错过时间和爱人一起 , 而且经常不过 , 导致你失去睡眠的时候 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在库尔德传奇中 , 节日庆祝了库尔德的交付 , 被视为库尔德的另一途径 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	第一类乘客可以直接获得同样的价格 , 作为一杯香槟的玻璃 , 为了自由 , 教练乘客支付6美元的通道冲浪 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动在3倍以上 , 比如越南等地方更昂贵 , 为什么我们也努力制造更便宜的国家呢 ?
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选择适宜的加固方法与各种加固方案相比 , 如注射根桩、非滑桩、锚杆等 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是 , 他的辞职很可能接受 , 但是没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫的官员告诉金融时报 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文综合应用于图像处理中多尺度分解和ssan操作符 , 然后快速获取特征点的位置 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	一项 " 坏的苹果 " 可以传播负面行为 , 比如病毒带来办公室或破坏良好的团队 , 根据工作场所的一项新的调查冲突 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 所有产品开发能力都是 " 日本第三个社会网络运营商yoshikazutanaka , " 日本首席执行官yoshikazutanaka " 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还送了孤儿的照片 , 告诉我关于照片 , 或者 " 妈妈 " 的照片 , 因为他们被称为 " 大多数年轻的海地妇女 , 都有自己的家庭 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	在这里 , 我想要警告所有的亲戚 , 接近我 , 这些服务将使用所有的手段来捕捉并且试图杀死和液体 , 社交或专业 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	但是很快 , 关注从雨林转移到气候变化和有机农业等问题 , 现在亚马逊正在消失在1980年代的同一速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	公司表示 , 可以提高这种大圆 , 因为可编程的逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利的部门 , 占65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第十四条政府可能要求通信企业采取必要的应急措施 , 为自然灾害事件或紧急事件提供必要的应急措施 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他把注意力集中在公司已经允许用户通过音乐播放器应用程序和第三方开发人员进行音乐家页面 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生找到了一位劳动员 , 他的妻子拿了一份时间工作 , 看着家里的两个孩子 , 一个女儿刘靖俊 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	尽管如此 , 由于获得战争纪念品捐赠的战争纪念品 , 高级的林纳尔·罗恩表示 , 他负责负责获得博物馆捐赠 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	有一个全球文件更新意味着一个头疼少 , 只记住在添加或删除用户时更新它 , 然后通过脚本把它推出来 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	基于我们的关键字 , 我们建议我们买了几个关键字的url , 因为任何地方从100美元到4000美元的url 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们已经讨论了如何从websphere环境中获取信息 , 但如何将信息推到监控工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	本文重点构建合理的数据结构 , 实现了固体建模的基本功能 , 如旋转、动物、潘和截面观等 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	科罗拉多 , 81岁的菲利斯环 , 81岁的福特科林斯 , 科罗拉多看了她的轮椅在丹佛的投资足球场的最后一次演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	沃尔夫兰特别激动的一个开发 , 尤其是使用wlframalpha的能力理解和计算自然语言查询来创建数学程序 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一位年轻的婚姻女士 , 工作于一个孤立的农场 , 骄傲的生长花卉 , 一天 , 她突然感觉到自己的沟通 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者指导者预计每周在工作文化、接触、编写应用程序和学习专业协会上花6090分钟 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经移动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军船舶与多样化的船舶 , 一个坦克人说 , 乔布姆在120英里半径运行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	卡萨斯 , 委内瑞拉 , 一架飞机在东部委内瑞拉坠毁了51人 , 官员称 , 33人死亡 , 至少14人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	全国公布的一次破产显示当局正在寻求7590名美国人 , 4020名马来西亚人和3470名英国人 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好的看起来 , 一个女性的机会被认为是 " 男人 " , 沿着科罗拉多丹佛商学院学习的学习 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安德雷亚皮尔洛早期被防御墙收费 , 而清晰的seedorf和crsp都有一半的机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京地区的第一个记录是第一个记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	据《世界新闻报》报道 , 英国王子威廉将于2012年结婚他的长期女朋友凯特·米德勒顿 , 在伦敦奥运会上 , 英国王子 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件文件设置使用inotes6.ntf模板时 , 它继承了这个模板中的所有设计元素 , 并且继承了共享形式文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 用两步法制备的酚醛塑料主要是用htma法处理 , 这种处理过程将释放在htma中 , 将腐蚀铜或铜部件 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是克拉普铁路的高度依赖于马什的标志 , 包括纤维硬蟹 , 饮食稳定 , 现在他们将在哪里去 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	圣彼得堡的俄罗斯援助组织的领导人阿莱克萨拉·吉纳说: " 政府说所有的东西都是很好的 。 "
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们已经发现 , 没有一类药物被撕裂 , " aline平面on说 , 互联药物部门的首席执行官阿琳·普林说 , " 这不仅是主要药物 。 "
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	结果表明 , 三角角质基质tr6和神经切除术cb2的神经生物量与高斯坦含量有良好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试完成率 , 我们回顾了2008年1月和2009年2月间测试艾滋病的所有临床病人记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	在中国采取准确的普查是一个难以置信的任务 , 数以百万的移民工人在城市的官方地址 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳市铁路1号车辆通信控制系统 , 提出了深圳市铁路1号车辆实际运行的实际原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	改进的马来石绿法利用马来石墨绿色和移植剂 , 形成稳定的色泽复杂 , 具有无机磷酸盐 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页的总长度 , 超过120名学校委员会授予的120多名医生决定是平等主义 , 三分之二并没有指出这本书 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	澳大利亚和美国科学家昨天在报告中发现 , 那些年轻的爸爸、澳大利亚和美国科学家的孩子可能比去年出版的孩子更少 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	通过建立评价标准号系统 , 研究wmtc测试周期的骑行特征及ftp、ece排放测试周期的差异 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	艾琳长的原创是女性叙事的 , 它是由作家的性别决定的 , 并展示了女性解剖质量主义的 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁反规范设备的新型参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一个来源 , 我们可以从白兴永个人生活经验、宗教情绪和对中国文学遗产产产产生清晰的人文主义模块 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的放射检查显示 , 在对照组4周后 , 结肠观察显示了大量的新骨轨迹 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	沃尔斯拉哈德里尔说: " 所有的毛毛都从拉里斯和所有的橡胶扔下了切片积累和复合物 , 就像在一个封闭的坦克里 。 "
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	根据所提出的原理 , 设计了50l作为fus50l的l小说生物反应器 , 研制了飞行员和生产规模的数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	利用2007年版本研究版本的营养资料系统 , 利用饮食日记监测消费 , 并通过测量回收pistachios的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scorpio合作关系的数据 , 其他普通银行股价较低 , 顾问银行在hsbc的私人银行只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据popsugar报道 , 我们将于今天2月222日在奥斯卡举行红地毯 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后提出了两种相应的交际趋势 , 高上下文和低上下文通信 , 对解释活动的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和凯罗在sonata中得到了相同的角色 , 18世纪的钢琴sonata格式与一个仪器义务障碍相结合 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	他在传统的共和党亚利桑那赢得了选举 , 成功成为一个活跃主义、进步的州长 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	科勒被印象深刻 , 认为这可能是在眼睛操作中有用的 , 两个月后就试图出来 , 首先在动物上 , 然后在自己的眼睛完全成功 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价2型糖尿病患者中p300的诊断价值 , 方法在50型糖尿病患者及30例健康控制组 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 每天晚上都在照顾每个曲线的影子 , 就像是一个宫殿墙上的一个法庭美丽的概念 ;
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过分析非开发载体的基本特征 , 阐述了其识别及其对海洋索赔的责任性及其在货物等方面的限制 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和第二个兄弟到阿哈姆德巴达时 , 一些热情的朋友通过印刷出版 , 送我一份副本 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当一家企业提交一个企业收入税返回时 , 应依照相关规定附加金融声明和其他相关资料 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些表示hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是一些先天性畸形的重要地理因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几项研究表明 , 低和中层执行官显示了许多应力症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、紧张、突破等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡肉和棕米干牛肉制成 , 只有五个纯纯纯纯纯、简单的成分 , 满足特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	本片提名了柏林金熊1999年奖 , 但打败了 " 美国优秀电影 " 的红色 , 最终有强大的实际力量 " 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型具有较高的预测能力 , 显示了一种可实现的方法预测短期区域气候 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	反war地壳带来了数以万计的反击示威者 , 其中包括在密西西西西西比州的卡比托尔附近的2 , 000人 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检测中心位于山东省质量检测中心的工厂 , 采取质量检测和任务 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	充分的条约在埃及的hieroglyph寺和rams的殿内 , 将全文写在埃及的hilloglyphs寺中 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据武家沟水库拱坝的设计 , 阐述了隧道坝在设计和施工中的特殊问题和解决方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	室内试验得到的坝材料的可信动力学参数是地震岩坝动力学分析精度的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验来决定安德罗德市场是苹果应用程序存储的充分替代 , 或者探索许多特征和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	研究了两缸同步和准确定向的液压系统 , 设计了满足要求的同步系统 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数年度增长率仍然不变化在负面23.9%左右 , 上周的数字从负面24.1%修正了较高 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、线、丝、羊毛、羊毛、合成纤维、混合、服装、婴儿等类型的服装和清洗 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间尺度数据的多尺度空间时空数据的组织框架 , 提高了基于多空间尺度数据的数据访问 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索并解决adsl线故障时 , 用户访问网络时 , 我们引入了一种adsl故障检测我ng仪器的adsl故障 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	经过快速交换过程的平衡 , 通过微分动力学方程 , 可以作为伪交换中心系统的缓慢交换过程 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	地形是由美国航天卫星的先进太空热排放和反射辐射器收集的数字高度数据 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种关闭式环境风引导装置 , 属于电厂的技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	赫惠是一种老时相互援助 , 流通必要的基金 , 总是组织在金刚和邻居之间 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨改善肾小管内切除术的手术指标、手术方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在根源指导下 , 著名的煤炭专利防火制造公司雇佣了人才的机械和工程师 , 继续创新的工程师开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	上赛季 , 利物浦的第二个字符串在利物浦的第二场比赛中 , 这个19岁的阿尔德是他在20支球队下的规则 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	地板无尽的延伸 , 所有的叶子都离开了颜色 , 灰色的绿色和褐色 , 与天空融合到遥远的绿色无处 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	2008年夏季奥运会在北京和周围地区建立的大型体育设施之一 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是 , 韩先生被打击不平等的新罕默斯沿着无尽的山地镇推翻 , 以及部落政治的增长 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国的食品安全分析单位和著名somalia南部的名声警告项目说 , 美国的食品安全分析单位越来越糟糕 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	关注eobject的脚印实现也值得注意 , 一些客户使用它来实现60%的脚印减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc说 , 在过去的四十年里 , 法国阿尔卑斯的冰川已经失去了四分之一的地区 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样和统计意义的基本原理 , 将帮助您理解的可能性 , 更好地理解结果意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国冠王子 , 皇帝威廉二世的儿子 , 他在维登战役中命令部队 , 并在我接近的世界大战上宣布冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	web页面必须在基于b/s模型的基础上展示大量的计算机用户界面的实时数据 , 导致了基于b/s模型的桥梁卫生监测系统的频繁更新页面 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新网站混凝土表面 , 时间与塑料保温材料覆盖的塑料和保温材料 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	9/2/02在本地报纸中 , 有一篇文章 , 由骑士报纸引用的 " 医生关闭药物销售者 " 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们前的前锋米卡尔·福塞尔提醒我们可以在开幕季度做什么 , 布鲁斯很高兴把他带回伯明翰线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	采用先进的二路卡车阀系统和进口的电泵技术 , 实现双闭环控制压力和流速 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了一种基于mcgs配置软件和siemenss7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的控制系统的设计和配置过程 。
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素分泌在胰腺的一部分被称为lngerhan的进程中 , 胰岛素分泌是一个复杂的过程 , 如果不能正确地诱导糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	林岭岭岭大佛位于灵山南部的小岭山区 , 江苏省武西南部 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这就是我在美国学校选择 " 公民教育 " 作为我研究领域的原因 , 采用文学收集和比较的研究方法 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节上 , 米米米热和德维亚·瓦德将采取克莱夫兰队员和莱布朗詹姆斯在联赛中最佳的两名年轻球员的比赛 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这就是为什么web设计师 , 以及他们的密切线索 , 禁止器 , 头部和四部设计师 , 可以收费50美元的一个好网页头 , 更为完整的集 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	文章通过对缺陷动力学技术的研究 , 提出了解决问题的参考 , 并给出了在武术中应用的动力学技术 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 企业人力资本的价值主要是从会计角度测量人力资本的价值 , 专门评估人力资本的价值很少 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文将信任区域法融合到限制简单的分解算法 , 解决了rsd的主题问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	波斯茅斯是烹饪岛屿 , 或者太平洋岛屿最受全球变暖威胁 , 它们很快就在没有跟踪消失 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳yui电子有限公司是一家专业led制造商r&d、生产、销售和服务于2006年创建的专业领域制造商 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥·费迪南德将错过中产阶段的访问 , 周一在布里塔尼亚体育场遭受了一场重大空间 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	范戈在1887年在巴黎画了 " 草地 " , 并在荷兰东部的荷兰东部的克罗勒穆勒博物馆举行了它 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目标是确定降脂咖啡、氯酸、三角素对15个超重男性葡萄糖耐药的急性效果 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际的角度来看 , 消费者价值福利 , 因此更好的市场访问可能由生产者保证他们的福利 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	格林斯潘先生保持着中国的发展和其他因素在全球范围内的低速率 , 而且不仅是在美国的贡献到全球范围内 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	基于工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群产业集群的新型空间经济体系 , 不同于市场和层次化体系 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 所有的谎言都折断了她的甜蜜 , 滑到湖边的底部:那么折叠你自己 , 我最亲爱的 , 你和我的胸部 , 丢在我身边 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 观众的移动都会增加奥巴马通过国会获得他的国内议会的机会 , 提高他在法院的自由主义能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年 , 新浪安排了我遇见一位纸灯制造商 , 他们在最近一轮南京的孔子庙里发生了同样的事情 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	这些美丽的承诺 , 那些在照片上的甜微笑就像阳光一样温暖 , 慢慢慢慢地冻结了我的右手中间的曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先的逆转是一种高级优先任务的现象 , 因为它们在实时系统中使用同样的共享源 , 就会被低级优先任务阻塞 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 利用计算机数控控制和位置跟踪误差的工具位置计算出了误差矢量 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	通过利用废弃的挖掘材料和整体建筑网站分配 , 实现了窄区域的合理通用布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强实践教学 , 重视学生培养的思想和创新能力 , 获得了显著的成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度变化受热带传热模式的全天然海洋周期波动的影响 , 影响热传热模式的影响 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福志的解释毫无疑问地从天地和地球到儒家人类关注的领域 , 无疑降解张子的小姚 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些更大的浓度对制备蓝钛高挥发性和爆炸性产生的不幸副作用 , 使得晶体的收获极为危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司为其他婚礼摄影师处理图像处理 , 同时也教他们有效地使用光室2 , 这样他们可以节省时间和资金处理更小的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了ptunie混合体的组织培养及组织培养的dna水平及组织产生的现象变化规律 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	其大学成立于575年 , 是一项研究理论、科学和医学的研究中心 。 人口04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	我的临床试验表明 , 米夫210行为健康志愿者具有良好的口服生物可用性 , 实现高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	采用30种不同类型的稻米品种和混合材料 , 研究了稻米产量与稻米产量相关性的相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用中心表现定理和正常形态法 , 分析了地图的局部编码两个分布 , 与hopfitchfork案例相关的相关性 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	印度尼西亚海啸恢复的银行员工表示 , 基于社区的重建是自然灾害反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 马湘乾的父亲马山说 , 一个挣扎的景观植物和树木在繁忙的城市中使用 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指数或主要键字段来选择q应用程序的关键列 , 用来识别复制行和正确的订单交易 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	然而 , 伟大的灵魂在神圣自然、奥詹娜、德国派遣服务 , 让我知道我成为所有创造的不可缺少的来源 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能源机构宣布 , 日本已经增加了第三个植物 , 因为辐射在墙外被检测 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出的 " 现状 " 不仅是思考晚明钟形势的重要阶段 , 也是他的理论依据的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	yanovchomsky指出 , 气体供应的多样化也增加 , 这将使自然气体出口的实现变得更灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统的安装和操作方便 , 但由于有限的能力 , 但不能满足大规模泡沫工程的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	弗格森提醒罗尼老板在加拿大、罗伊、罗伊·凯恩和大卫贝克汉姆长期以前学到的教训 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	对于约翰f和罗伯特f.肯尼迪 , 1969年结束了故事 , 泰迪现在在哪里被视为肯尼迪的男人 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣在天堂之前 , 为自己提供了牺牲品 , 没有追求自己的幸福 , 却为人类的益处提供了牺牲 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	那么 , 社会责任可以帮助客户的满意度增加 ? 如果这样 , 那么 , 什么机制和研究是怎样回答这些问题呢 ?
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利切菲尔德说 , 他在11月警告了这个问题的oracle , 希望该公司在1月发布了一组四分之一的安全补贴时将会定义平坦 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	几百万年来 , 他最初建议 , 盖茨将会有10%的财富 。 所以 , 更像数百万 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 玩家 " 杂志创始人hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhefner说 , 他正在考虑结婚女朋友hystalhariis 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	通过构建目标运动的模型和动力杀死车辆 , 分析了拦截的约束 , 并给出了轨道转移的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	济南也是春城的著名 , 山水大量的地下水流下北 , 城市地区流淌 , 形成了许多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两眼 , 让他们欢迎他们 , 很好 , 照顾他们 , 所以他们都与他们的心都代表了他们年轻的妹妹们所做的邪恶 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们在危险的时候 , 就像山区或山区一样有用 , 甚至通过信号非常糟糕 , 警察可以知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	一天之后 , 我们用自己的小头适合许多概念 , 意义 , 公式...但这充满了痛苦和泪水 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	巴菲特在中国所有外表都重复出现 , 是通过辞职斯坦福德 , 试图在音乐上做出同样的事情 , 他正在做同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	因此 , 可以根据电线的制造商和室内温度的不同 , 因此我们建议您根据特定要求计算的值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	可能吸收和散射红外的吸烟屏幕 , 严重的引头能量 , 然后降低导弹射击的概率 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文重点讨论了基于skeleton图形的小集合特征识别 , 基于skeleton图形的手写汉字被定义为一组孤立的分离环、分离环和组件的关系 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被视为现代艺术的一个重要人物 , 是由于他的智能绘画理论的创始人 , 他对现代艺术作出了很大的贡献 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	北京佛罗斯和苏利文首席顾问王元泉告诉ap说 , 公布是一个非常明显的警告 , 不要太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正在感觉到中国的竞争热 , 经济正在促进其在1980年代末以来最快的三年生长 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高层建筑中沉降差的原因和预防措施 , 指出了后者使用粘土建设的特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我不会在未来两年或三年内看到任何变化 , " 一位50岁的个人投资者约翰说 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾经看过的最伟大的老师 , 他是能力 , 没有可见的努力 , 让学生们看起来像一个模仿的、社会对话 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	scream4提供了一组熟悉的角色在恐怖电影设置和把自主参考的一个线程作为身体数量的角色 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另一个有关声明的问题是 , 越来越多的电视政府进程 , 更好的是 , 人们认为在广播时 , 人们实际上看到过程的进程 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到24月24日 , 当美国空军获得了kcx竞赛的时候 , 欧洲出现了强大的机会在波明的法律上停车 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新传统媒体的大师 , 有些是宗教领导人 , 一些是政府的最高官员 , 这些政府有能力在全球影响力的能力 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师建议仔细使用表达总线快速交通 , 最便宜的公共交通选项 , 增加了自行车列表和行业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个老式的系统可能会存储 " 狗 " 的术语 , 更广泛的 " 哺乳 " 和 " 大腿 " 或 " 小狗 " 的术语 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在丁庄眼中 , 吴明是高、帅、小心谈话、小心接受强、快速思维、实践努力的年轻人 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	此外 , 从未验证的用户输入运行时连接字符串可以导致数据源输入字符串的注射攻击、jeopard化安全 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着争论的继续 , 唐金先生需要把事实抓起来 , 特别是在美国 , 普通人民自1970年代以来已经看到他们的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎您的朋友学校社区 , 由所有学生的赞誉显然是一个非常成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是从你的工资中付出自己 , 然后付出你的信贷人 。 在那个单一的行动中 , 你告诉宇宙 , 你值得更多的价值 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建设下 , 矿井预计将包含4000万吨铜和4600万盎司的铜 , 应该在2012年开始运行 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	因此 , 罗斯童原本是在4月28日的时候 , 四月28日在海尔达赫尔在太平洋的历史旅程中设置了他的发射日期 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 可提高淋巴细胞的皮质百分比和皮质性指数 , 可提高淋巴细胞的变化 , 可提高淋巴细胞的变化 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还注意到 , 当寻找解决问题的时候 , 应该给予核化韩国半岛并解决dprk的安全问题 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:用家庭动态问卷法测定21例抑郁症患者和178例正常控制患者 。 结果:1 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要的业务利润是负责、股东和用户的重要指标 , 是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	针对ssh6700轻总线地板的破裂现象进行了分析和探索 , 提出了基于ste的3结构改进方案 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了水保绿空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保水保绿空间开发的需求和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业生的研究 , 他们可以获得公务员或政治部门成员的机会 , 获得更高的社会状况 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	在作家的眼睛美丽的时候 , 一个古老的野生 , 在作家的眼睛里 , 养成了几代世界生命 , 解脱了许多艰难的努力 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 许多研究发现 , 社会科学主要的管理成功比有技术培训或专业课程的更大 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临着从市场和银行的双重限制 , 导致银行贷款的问题 , 难以提高工作资本的缺陷 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	通过实验和创新 , 介绍了废碱液中不完全分离的解决方案 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的娱乐角落 , 黑布艺术地灯是蒂宁和珊瑚的单人沙发和脚趾 , 安排了个体的良好地方 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽昂·莱特·雪登:尽管你可以与我们建立国际jci标准医院 , 让所有的母亲和婴都能获得医疗保健和世界同样的步骤 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计将克服psveindhoven , 在第一轮30季度的领导之后 , 将提供切尔西的机会 , 甚至与merseysiders一起 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会由三个或五个人组成 , 执行官任命 , 以及海事法院拍卖人员和调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	耶格奥在塞吉奥伯纳多·阿尔米隆之后借给巴黎 , 另一位bianconero左转了巴黎 , 这是年轻的西班牙球员yagosilvafque 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	十六届会议的第六届会议 , 为当前和谐文化建设做了一系列完整的和谐的安排 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为此 , 使用找到实用程序来定位和审查您在今天的某一时间内访问或改变的所有文件 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据北京龙口矿业公司潜艇软岩支持工程的基础 , 运行了用钢支持与道路交互的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用tlypan蓝染色排除试验 , 对7690u荧光素染色和透射电镜进行分析 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna的吸附性 , 利用pvc作为主要原材料 , 探讨hcvrna内表面的吸附性 , 探讨hcvrna的吸附性 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	建立了双辊带铸件的固化模型 , 利用有限元软件 , 建立了带铸件的固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcur&d部门 。 作品将在特殊的22届mcu文学奖杂志上发表 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水表面的蒸发率下降 , 地面的相对湿度与地面的增加、阳光小时减少和风速下降 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	在1912年 , 美国科学家威尔堡l.科维尔被命名为美国科学家 , 在1912年 , 研制了一项测量卡普萨辛水平的试验 , 创造了基里的热量 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖升高到某些程度时 , 饱和的中央问题胃疾病信号 , 如果所有营养物 , 减少一定程度 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	然后 , 在这里 , 我只有激动力 , 手里拿着一只罐 , 手里拿着一只手 , 就在那里 , 砖头的一部分停止了我的妻子的尸体 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每一个人十指的每一个手指都留下了一个不同的印象 , 肌肤的弹性使得肌肤的肌肤变得很大 , 但不可能精确地留下两倍的指纹印象 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理局副主任熊玉梅说: " 今年7月在北京各家淀粉酒店的订阅率增加了5月份的一% 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放量相对较低 , 因为很多丰富的河系饲料足够的水电发电器 , 供应70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	设计了采用浮动式moss的d开发和d飞行通路 , 为了引入d飞行器的应用 , 我们通过d飞行器设计注册和对策 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	由于每年的100英寸的雨水 , 降落在奥运会国家公园里 , 永远的树木 , 填满了这座奥运山谷 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超抗原融合蛋白质细胞因子实际上是抗原艺术的替代 , 具有目标功能 , 是抗原不同的新前瞻性介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一个精心计划和组织的努力 , 完成一个特定的一次努力 , 例如 , 构建一个建筑或实现一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	本文采用spore调查、扫描电镜和c14等镜测试 , 定义了混合层的地质原因及其分布特征 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人士希望正确理解三大营养成分 , 这些三大营养大家注意力 , 首先控制动物 , 随着年龄的增加 , 逐渐下降 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了让朋友们 , 朋友们 , 印度的心 , 局势累积起来 , 帮助手 , 诚挚的合作 , 互利 , 明天创造更好的 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国在新疆、边境巴基斯坦和阿富汗的西部 , 加强了巴基斯坦的潜在穆斯林叛乱 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀用来使气体流动在粗糙线上 , 防止管道和容器的湍流 , 规定真空安装中的污染 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品容量也可以用来描述一个较少有定义的症状的收集 , 有些人在消费某些食物中受到某些食物 , 所以没有明确的基础 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	物理化学中稀释溶液的沸点上升似乎与蒸汽蒸馏在有机化学实验中产生了矛盾 , 实际上它们是不同的原则 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	锁闸闸门是悬浮桥段的一项专业化设备 , 主要有两种优化型和液压升降型 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家宝会见到了贵族首相萨缪尔后来的大多数人 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应该是自然和冲突现实 , 分析和探讨人民陪审选、培训、法律实施和监督的几个元素 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	本文在本文的基础上 , 分为九部分 , 分为 " 原文 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	其次 , 讨论了与efe矩阵法的变换量量子外部环境的方案扫描外部环境和方案 ;
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	乔布斯成为悲伤者 , 沃尔兰的孩子开始意识到他们的父亲是一个暴力的怪物 , 每天恐惧他们的母亲 , 拒绝喂他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章详细阐述了中国古典诗歌文本安排的特殊语言结构对图像创建技术、特殊语言结构的影响和正式主义 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 基于集体身份的理论假设 , 将欧洲身份理论分为两个方面:道德主义和建构主义 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	通过利用燃烧噪声和噪声降低的方法 , 研究了二甲醚发动机噪声的影响因素 , 研究了二甲醚发动机噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	超过饥饿和营养的更大挑战 , " 忘记 " 的美国千年发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上以来 , 他和67岁的叔叔在狩猎过程中遇到了麻烦 , 冰流就离开了 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多荷尔蒙受自动分泌或帕克里恩时尚的规定 , 例如氧化分泌素、前列腺素和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	虽然pastis在2004年2月早些时候描述了各种各样的鳄鱼 , 但这些鳄鱼在正常的类型表面相对竞争力和正常的英语 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果你在访问它时不能读到数据 , 那么解密钥被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它 , 因为供应商使用自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是在金银银银银银银银银银银银银银银的网上穿过折叠的脚 , 让自己忘记自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	山西省人力资源优势依赖于人力资源的条件 , 目前为其复合文化而闻名 , 同时 , 山西省人力资源的竞争开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常不会在布利顿的书中 , 允许孩子们有力:旅行和烹饪为自己 , 参观魔法的土地或解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	高粘聚合物扩散过程普遍化的关键问题是开发高效质量传输装置 , 提高表面再生率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学项目对心脏攻击病人不仅为了提高知识 , 而且在整个疾病过程中降低了不确定度和抑郁程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果对93.3%和62.2%的超塑性盐酸的恢复率和总有效率 , 显著高于ns和口服前硝酮组 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	bingo的游戏是一家由民间群体鼓励的美国风俗 , 由教堂和需要收入的交换所组成的香港风俗 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	箱12:kilos中的gros重量应该在这里显示 , 其他测量单位或数量的项目可能在定制时使用 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	跨越高速公路 , 远离深圳国际机场 , 港口只有十公里远离广州新白云国际机场 , 一小时全速 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体制的建设 , 国民经济的迅速发展 , 人类生活标准、医药和健康产业的发展迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的第二层楼将是透明的 , 旅馆将符号香港人民的想象和创造力 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说 , 萨格解释为什么他挑选了我: " 球员能有很好的技能 , 但是他的才能不会意味着 , 如果他不适应自己并获得工作 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍了我国纺织品出口情况及服装的现状 , 尤其是从承载量和出口价格上出口的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	不同的加热玻璃墙的不同规格 , 但我保证了干燥、加热系统的质量 , 以及在喷嘴位置下的质量 , 应该很容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	这种不同的来源是土著的美国人 , 鲁多夫斯蒂纳和我们的朋友 , 都影响了我们对地球的合适和谐角色的影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	23个现有的夫妇属于他家乡和亲戚的23个 , 他的妻子和幽默 , 他的政治雄心、态度、态度和他的附属 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	虽然土耳其往往是温暖的和透明的 , 你的平均乔治亚似乎更加自我包含和储备的 , 而不完全与你的平均英国相似 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	展示它的阴影的光谱 , 吸引了更少活跃的棕色蜘蛛的注意力 , 生物揭示了橙色、黄色、绿色和蓝色的黄色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 我不会反对吉利米 , 我相信 , 我认为这是无耻的 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省 , 与资源融合 ? 鱼 , 森林 , 矿物 , 现在的石油 ? 有时候没有公平的 , 有时只剩下的只剩下来 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校已经开始分离一些教训的性别 , 并且说它已经消除了孩子显示出来的 " 桃效应 " , 并提供了更多的教师时间 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	回顾中 , kafka是一个新闻尝试适应kafka对电影的复杂性 , 并在soderbergh的特殊实验中隐藏起来 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界大战之后 , 亨利福特和普通汽车的阿尔弗雷德·斯洛恩从世纪的工艺生产领域移动了世界制造业 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	波金教授说 , 美国学校也需要改善营养 , 例如 , 学校也可以提供许多人会考虑垃圾食品 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	但是 , wga西方总统帕特里·弗朗在周六晚上告诉了300多名作家 , 只有在投票批准合同之后才能结束 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	amoi是一家知名的国内移动电话制造企业 , 因为a8 , amoi " 将跳舞 " 手机 , amoi在2002和2003年获得了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这听起来可能会有效 , 但记住在大多数观察器情况下 , 每个组件都有小的听众 , 插入和删除大部分是由交通组成的 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信仰拥有丰富的马祖寺 , 丰富的诗歌赞扬马祖 , 与福建商人的活动密切相关 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这个硅小的性别娃是我们在2016年市场上独特的设计 , 性爱的日本纯洁女孩 , 女性真正的性爱好者 " 。
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:随着时间到达时候 , 穆斯塔切做出了回归的谣言 , 他将为旧费兰多谷提供的硅谷发电 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但是我们回答说 , 由于他得上很多电影 , 除了穿着土耳其外 , 然后在11岁的时候做完 , 他可能已经过去了 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的员工自治公司的自治公司 , 同意 " 良好的想法已经被我公司所采取的第三个 。 "
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条第十二条主题事件发生之后 , 义务人员应当随时通知对象或他的头发或保护人员 , 除非违约不能被定位 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	标准500家公司的收益和高层经济指标的稳定流动 , 将给投资者提供更多的证据 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	基于毛孔结构的分形参数 , 估计了孔隙结构的分形参数 , 并在水淹后对孔隙结构的变化的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察19例急性综合征患者心力纤维化疗法及同步心脏损伤的疗效 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论镍钛板固定与可调整的板状骨折减少装置具有良好的疗效 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	2006年 , 深圳西马克电缆技术有限公司是我国 " 结构化的通信解决方案 " 的领先供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油密封 , 模块橡胶零件 , 硅钩 , 乘客汽车 , 轻型和重型职务车辆 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人住宅位于北京东城区 , 是一个传统的 " 西河 " 型住宅类型的传统住宅 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性资金由女性资金组成 , 是不受限制的 , 但有相同的重量和复杂的 , 艺术触摸是染色的木材 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳市深圳市电信技术有限公司是一家研发、生产、销售、销售等专业led屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	通过双分子脂膜对植物细胞的影响 , 引起了较高的静电场 , 通过双分子脂肪膜的影响 , 降低了微量原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsacksack比polo衬衫更明亮 , 线程颜色看起来很好 , 看起来在knapsack上太黑了 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第一条未来委员会委员会的调整净资本额不得超过6%的客户边界账户 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过测定单层或双层的多层弹性丝的测定 , 结果表明 , 制备的织物的弹性能都可以达到媒体或低层 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动态波动湿润胶的机理、结构特点 , 并对其在硫酸和复合肥生产中的应用进行了展望 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是 , 尽管在上个月的电池厂里 , 尽管采取执行措施 , 尽管在上个月内 , 尽管政府的反应仍然不断改变 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	在分析的基础上 , 开发了青岛港口集团整体发展战略 , 最后提出了多种建议 , 提高集团竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	此外 , 在sziit监督员对类表演的观察方面 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验类的性能更为活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在第36周的孕妇期间 , 一个孩子在出生之后死亡 , 父母同意捐赠婴儿的心脏 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司东手工有限公司的首席介绍是一家专业的专业企业 , 生产完全少数少数民族特色的工艺专业化 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	插件路由程级没有必要维持会话限制性 , 因为在向应用程序服务器提出的请求时 , 会话限制会被odr所关心 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	随着对材料的可能性进行调查 , 包括回收玻璃、ucco和大理石 , 建筑师将石材作为最佳选择 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金yu'bao是一家投资服务联合支付 , 中国在线支付提供商和天中资产管理的投资服务 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括四个部分gps微分参考站、gps购买子系统、水下翼、船舶数据处理和控制中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为luxehomes的内容非常完整 , 我特别喜欢前瞻角度的故事 , " 中央国家的主任路易霍说 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:对结合肝脏和肾收获的过程 , 1右肾静脉和2左肾动脉受伤 , 3个肾动脉不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	一种由酸化pd分离的两种不同金属的电源组成 , 形成了连接在一系列的主要细胞 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的一封信 , 约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了赫马斯的牧师 , 这是一本书 , 我们包括在一组写作中我们叫做阿波斯坦父亲的书 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在德国西部 , 外交部长汉斯特里奇基因斯切托敦促莫斯科托关闭所有核电厂相似于切尔诺贝尔的核电厂 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	各种单阶段、双阶段、多阶段或其组合的设计可根据稳定性、绝缘性和冷却性的差异要求进行定制 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件组织是文件组织的著名隐喻 , 它们已经取代了 " 目录 " , 此前在命令行操作系统中使用的命令行操作系统 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	电话 , 语法 , 词汇 , 听 , 讲话 , 阅读和写作技巧 , 在这个阶段 , 实现突破 , 建立基础 , 习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	国防事务委员会缺乏法律基金会对死刑程序的审查 , 导致了国防事务的障碍 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 运动员运动员的训练系统可以导致心脏形态和功能显著的自适应变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为解决uwbf融合系统中长范围行为的大时jitter误差 , 提出了一种基于晶体频率分割的新型时空系统 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	据纽约基于york的cpacpa招聘公司的创始人j.patrickgoorman称 , 大会计公司正在提供类似的增加 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	研究人员对日本血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生率的关系进行了考察 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法37例胆管切除术前采取相对探索相关的胆管镜检查 , 消极的患者不会采取胆管检查 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	我很幸运地与hitachi合作25年以来 , 在1984年开始转会到hitachi港口 , 我期待我们的关系继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	本研究介绍了简单、经济动态混凝土试验仪和影响土试验仪 , 提高其质量 , 提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变量矩阵 , 将定位精度与不同的混合数据相比 , 提出了一种基于系统位置的方法 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs从增加消费者和商业旅行者的价格敏感性和降低了全球经济疟疾流动的石油价格 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体特别脆弱 , 因为它们经历了在治疗神经认知并发症过程中 , 神经认知并发症可能会导致肿瘤本身的损害 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 并行处理方法获得了子线性速度 , 实时识别内在模型的实时要求基本满意 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	这个措施是谁、联合国联合国、美国红十字会、美国疾病控制和预防中心的合作努力 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文重点讨论了新现实主义小说的社会历史背景 , 并探讨了当代文学发展和认知策略如何 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 揭露了美联政府的腐败 , 来自牛秀的先进政治思想和粗糙的官方职业 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	企业和企业也应注重员工的精神健康 , 帮助他们通过讲座和心理咨询来解决压力 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市大树现象的分析 , 阐述了城市景观森林的必要性和应急性 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘结剂 , 消毒剂和输入装置 , 随着降低葡萄糖浓度的释放 , 降低葡萄糖浓度的最佳配方 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁动飞行的态度明显提示了不同构造单元的磁性飞行 , 与岩石单元的岩石形状和分布一致 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 道静也不想卖好 , 他只想看看他们是否能做出任何重复的 , 道锦仁惠不会继承他的提议 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	打进制备的muffffin锡 , 填充每杯二分之二的全面包装在190c/375芬烤箱 , 至2025分钟 , 直到金棕色 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	此外 , 由创始人zhiyi保证了良好教学氛围的十项规定 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了在内热炉实际运行过程中暴露的严重问题 , 分析了内热炉的原因 , 并提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨肾酸诱导慢性颞叶癫痫的关系及其作用机制 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某些程度来说 , 利用信号检测理论来解释法官的理想假设 , 更实用的方法 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在放射性弹性机制的情况下 , 抗旋转机制与旋转包的磨损呈同步性和自补偿性 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进的遗传算法在解决高维、多元应变和非线性核问题上成功 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理和其他相关银行人员应当负责引起1700元的损失 , 所以为什么他们不负责 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2来自多胺氧化介质介导细胞死亡 , 高敏反应和防御基因的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	高风险和投资强化 , 开发阶段运行流体的使用可能会造成储层损害 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	他认为 , 美国需要与伊朗和土耳其合作 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角 " 的活动将促进民主和战争极端主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	这很难让丹尼斯人在1987年被他们第一个总统哈比布布布布布布布布·波里古巴的教育体系培养了一次自豪的教育体系 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这不能抑制充分和自由表达:这并不会失去自我性 ; 认证性 , 以及我们同时沟通的重要诚挚性 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她继续说: " 我们是电工程师 , 我们真正需要更多的帮助来自海洋工程师 , 但是要获得更多的资金 , 获得更多的成功 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把你的妈妈的照片和她的珠宝盒放在这里 , " 米切尔说 , 克里斯特觉得很幸运 , 爱她 , 想让她快乐 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为瑜伽有助于让人们更多地用自己的身体和饮食习惯和意识到坏习惯 , 例如由于压力、厌倦或抑郁等 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	那些在房间工作的志愿者 , 用灯泡来解决流体的问题 , 而不要更成功地想到的问题 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	星期二晚上 , 在卡扎菲的婴儿阿拉齐亚复合物上报道了五个大声爆炸 , 他已经在星期天晚上攻击了一个地址 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	通过一定的假设 , 结论价格水平与价格水平之间的关系与成本参数相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	利用气藏的材料平衡方程 , 确定气藏储层的储备和ogip , 判断其驱动类型 , 并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	万慧看到唐糖家乡快乐、唐李和天新看到唐糖回家后 , 建议让家庭装修也可以太空 , 每个人都搬到维拉 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势显示 , 从社会和文化积累的密切关系和心理沉降到电影 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本课程重点通过教育实践和核心搜索 , 构建儿童数学认知的概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的t/e平均值约为2.06 , 旗阶段的最大值出现在大约78年 , 冬季的最小出现为零 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	胡山工业经济称为胡山现象 , 今年的经济增长严重 , 尽管它是一个贫困县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为新美国军事战略不再集中在山上敌人战斗 , 而在城市和村庄中胜过阿富汗 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者将尽管他们准备好 , 但当地的老师认为外国人只是为了有趣 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假期旅行者是一个附近的太阳能旅馆 , 花园和野鸡 , 但到目前为止 , 旅行的高度是看到葡萄牙人 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了燃油税的功能 , 讨论了物流产业未来燃油税的影响 , 并给出了相应的对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	肯·托克当时写道: " 最后 , 在他最伟大的悲伤和愤怒的时刻 , 他向我们展示了最脆弱的 , 欲望的行动的边缘 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	帅气 , 还因为浮动孩子 , 必须自信上升 , 记住他们家做的丝绸和卢琳讨论业务 , 才能开一条丝绸线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	将叶绿添加到一个菜肴里是一种很容易的方法 , 添加颜色 , 香味和营养素 , 本周在马瑟·罗斯·舒尔曼写道 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何把自己作为一名员工作为一个被认为竞争的员工 , 你可能会看到一些正式化的关于公司的社会媒体和你的参与 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是分裂的 , 阻尼和谐振的 。 有人远处的声音 , 有人提起的声音或响应的声音 , 远远远远的厚度 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	乔布斯先生在五年前被治疗胰腺癌的胰腺癌 , 在一月中旬 , 医疗离开 , 接受肝移植 , 显示体重损失 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	该方法提高了点传播函数的估计精度 , 制作了基于重点传播函数的宽滤波器 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每个章节都形成了整个马的智慧节点的整合框架 , 基本上是由基本上升构建的 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 通过引入一些查询理论的rdb进入oodb查询过程 , 提出了一个查询优化模型 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	男性对低bdnf水平的基因倾向的男性似乎失去了他们的能力 , 几乎没有变异的男性的复杂任务 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心私人雇主将削减jobs和许多人 , 尤其是那些用来获得任何工作的工资就会失去他们的工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	与政府政策相似 , 中国政府宣布将从2008年6月免费的塑料购物袋出售禁止商店 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	建立了基于病例和知识的小部分的fusee表示方法 , 建立了几何特征和过程特征信息的对象化方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	去年 , 风险资本公司投资了35亿美元的美国替代能源公司 , 同时他们只投资了33000万美元的中国企业 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	一个hals设计的组成部分是喷雾多平台封闭 , 它可以使电子设置在黑鹰前部的雷达 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	它代表了茶人希望 , 代表中国茶业将更加丰富 , 今天的母亲研究一定要比以前的日子更明亮 !
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种环境友好的防腐涂料 , 基于非毒性磷酸钙作为主导的抗锈色素和磷酸盐作为辅助防锈色素 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地形和地形特征 , 北京沙地主要分为三种类型的山地 , 从山到平原的过渡区 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	本文还提出了基于基因算法的地震特征的优化原理和基于scui网络的地震特征优化方法 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	当成年人不能做出推荐的物理活动时 , 由于健康状况 , 由于他们的能力和条件应当作为物理活动 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢克斯在资本主义社会中暴露了普遍存在的问题 , 从商品方面证明了其整体范畴的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	从20000年到2004年最大的城市公共汽车的分形尺寸为1.4862 , 至1.518 , 这与中国城市体系的分形尺寸一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨绝对贫困概念和相对贫困的现象 , 并与中国和英国社会的历史比较 , 阐述这一问题 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油有限公司安全管理的基础已经成为加强和石油安全性能的基础 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后 , 基于可逆计数的特点 , 采用四值dfliplop作为核心组件设计四值同步反应计数的核心组件 。
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 邓警方引起伤害 , 但在地上没有一句 " 情绪障碍 " 解决了她的刑事责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除了被伤害的个体外 , 外 , 除了被伤害的个体外 , 我们还代表了健康护理欺诈和hmo争端的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制解决方案灌注的可行性和潜在作用 , 结合流感法在口腔和颌面手术中的作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要研究成果是以下:高中小学专业教师和平东地区的基础教师 , 愿意使用技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗伯·帕茨 , 克里斯蒂瓦特和其他人已经在加拿大的第三部电影拍摄了第三部电影 。 eclipse于2010年5月出现 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第十六条国家科技委员会应当与关注的其他部门合作 , 经常对新技术产业发展区进行调查 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	管理文化对员工工作动机的影响很广泛 , 但目前还没有一个可锻炼的框架对文化与工作动机之间的关系 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	在这只粗糙的小船里 , 30名跨国人员的工作很艰难 , 下面有橙色和日葵在厕所画的口袋 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金今年减少了其它商品的联系 , 经营于上半年 , 而石油和铜的增加 , 这反映了它的价值 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们从传统生活模式中断出来 , 落入爱 , 结婚 , 买一个房子 , 还有孩子...相反 , 他们已经跳过了一些步骤 , 还有其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接的数据结构保持了它的llength , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 因此它可以减少没有点击和匹配模式的节省 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你在适当的位置 , 你需要放松你的绘画手臂肌肉 , 记住 , 当你的绘画手腕保持直、前臂肌肉的时候 , 这很容易 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	另外 , 丰田周一表示 , 它已经扩大了一个美国的服务运动 , 为了泄漏石油主机覆盖934 , 000辆车辆的六缸发动机 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但是它要求我推出一本书来理解更多的主题 , 或者与发送者交换许多电子邮件 , 来解决问题的更多细节 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前的自然历史问题中 , yale教授弗兰克·a.海滩告诉原先如何学会更低的爱金 , 有些甚至会转变成亚uman资本家 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	从朝鲜获得独立的消息非常罕见 , 但中国相应的大坝语法学家已经走到边界 , 遇到最近逃离的朝鲜人 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保公平处理仲裁案件 , 国家仲裁立法与民事立法 , 都有司法监督制度 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲阿洛伊认为 , 是一个女性和19岁的犹太人 , 这将使这个男人激励了全球一季犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织周二表示 , 政府部队死亡至少41名民事部队在叙利亚全部 , 其中包括20名在半亚中部抗议中心的抗议中心 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	本地官员告诉报纸 , 应对需求 , 一天的旅行将包括访问北川高中 , 这里的学生被埋在垃圾中 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	就像幸运的那样 , 有一个女人在那里被称为 " 钟 " 的名字 , 足以分享像兽类这样的不幸的人 , 而且她也不太糟糕 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , 25%的xmx值用于最大护理尺寸 , 则允许护理尺寸增长25% 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一方面是一个冲突 , 美国并没有寻求 , 其中一个是由42个国家加入的 , 包括挪威的努力 , 保护自己和各国进一步攻击 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	然而 , 一家美元店还没有开放 , 所以我进入了没有皱纹 , 它的菜单是昂贵的 , 所以我拿了两杯yogrt , 告诉cashier给我一些季度 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本请求框架下 , cen和cenelec将开发一个或几个级别标准 , 其中包含的通用要求 , 适用于各种类型的能源相关产品 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	该方法分为光轮集成加工过程中两个工作程序 , 表面切割是前程序 , 挤出加工是后程序 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 6月2日将有私营部门和政府会议 , 包括印度商务委员会 , 这将持有35个年度会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电信市场将不允许在全国董事会上调用任何数字 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人有现有的业务关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的干旱有限于孤立的区域 ; 除了里奥大爷做ul和巴拉那之外 , 外 , 没有可逆的损害似乎在全国范围内广泛 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	一个更加危险的装置 , 流行在美国 , 是一瓶充满硫酸的瞬间轻盒子 , 充满了硫酸进入治疗的化学物质 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦中 , 她被一位女士告诉过 , 很好的病毒名字完成了一些藏人也可以看到在湖中的网站内容 , 就像通过计算机监测屏幕 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是积累体验丰富的个体知识 , 无法制造一个系统的暴露 , 但不能解释 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这种情况通常发生在希望驱动业务的cleve级执行官时 , 这种情况通常会发生 , 它在企业范围内更改 , 提供积极的赞助来帮助他们的战略议程 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家的 " 扩展eps系统 " -360提供市场前景、侧面和后面影响 , 使其成为最安全的螺旋体系之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年 , 北京文学院建立了中国最大的艺术家宋庄艺术家村 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	澳大利亚学出版商和专业出版社开放 , 包括大学出版社和非营利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何运行诊断和治疗设备 , 特别是药物的分支 , 但他们也在紧急干预技术中培训 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	采用三种结构组装的水火管锅炉是dzl型热水锅炉的一种新思想 , 最近在本类锅炉中应用了两步串联注射技术 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐赠允许一座桥梁在两座山之间建造 , 最后还要走到学校 , 穿靴子想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	西北部的寒冷喷雾既使侵入和保留一个亚热带的空气温度和湿度 , 也是温暖的亚热带气候过渡的典型 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	进一步研究了利用化学热力学方法对非氧化强酸溶解中生物硫化物的溶解性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	本文分析了转子束的原因、危害和形成过程的变形过程对转子束端的频繁循环运行的影响 , 并提出了预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人上周告诉华尔街日报 , 该公司不能规定更换osi作为长期供应商的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一项规则 , 第三周中期的趋势将在第三个星期 , 第三周末 , 股市只移动3周的趋势 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	cla显示了一种显著的抗癌效果 , 提供其它营养效果 , 讨论了cla的多生理多功能和病理生成 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本osakasangyo大学在6月10日发布了一个正式的道歉 , 因为一个员工称为孔子学院文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	" 奥运巷 " 的第一个搅拌已经感到了 " 所谓的 " 所谓的 " 奥运巷 " , 这将是在首都的18 , 000名运动员和官员 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	我和第二组之间的细菌数值显著差异 , 清洗手效果明显优于洗手效果 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在一个年轻的妇女中 , 没有物理的发现表明恶性 , 病人应该返回3至10天之后 , 接下来的男性开始决定肺回归 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机控制的空间干预研究 , 随访时间长 , 可能有助于进一步探讨血管疗效的临床疗效 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我明白 , 在我留在中国的一位志愿者期间 , 在所有的情况下 , 解决方案不会对任何问题或事故进行责任 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	在gnome中最处理的菜单属性之一是服务器进入的连接 , 这允许用户连接到几乎任何类型的服务器快速和容易 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山脚上 , 国际幼儿园附近太阳yatsen大学的国际幼儿园位于愉快的环境中 , 景观良好 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:采用3种诱导的痰样品比3例胃洗涤的敏感性高于3例 , 无法自发预期的结核病的诊断 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中于蒙古塔尔的联盟 , 旨在巩固其在俄罗斯和西方战争中获得稳定的地位 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们从德克萨斯、新墨西哥、亚利桑那州、内瓦达州、乌拉多州、科罗拉多州、内布拉斯加州以及米尼苏达州的所有途径中获得了许多图片 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但是它反映了过去世界公平的事实 , 上海世博会主要意味着国内观众 , 90%的访问者来自主国 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的那天 , 我开始很好 , 但是在半个马拉松之后 , 我在两个腿上开发了肌肉裂纹 , 导致我正确的膝盖被破坏了 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	以色列两位 , 陕波利克博士 , 医学工程师 , 埃迪·索菲博士 , 是一位杰出的气体学家 , 加入了一个基于satle的工程团队来帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	菲比看着窗户很有意思 , " 这意味着我在rv的那部电影里 , 家庭在一个小镇里拉进了一个小镇 , 晚上吃了它们 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	根据技术创新的实施 , 中国应该逐步探索和发展 , 以保证更多的储备 , 降低油进口 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	目击者和安全相机视频的枪手建立了一支肖像 , 因为年轻男人穿着牛仔裤和潮湿的t恤 , 熊和枪 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	针对各种复杂的性值问题 , 提出了一种不在linpack或eispack中单移复杂的qz算法 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员对欧洲工作满意度、工作时间、婚姻状况、性别和年龄的关系进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	很好的购物者和阿尔弗雷斯科饭店保持着繁忙的地方 , 直到晚些时尚的商店 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的食物 , 或者通过上海的一些商店 , 这是这个地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高服装制造业生产效率 , 必须结合身体测量、模式设计和服装生产 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	除非相关当局批准合同之外 , 技术转移的相关费用不会被资格化为税收驱动项目 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前盾形试验的混合比例通常使用正交试验 , 其中的缺点在于大量实验和不可避免的浪费 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿饮料中 , 每天只有1英镑的糖尿饮料中 , 18个月的1.1磅和1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 中国有很严重的冻结和渗透霜 , 因此 , 冻结长期监测仪和冻结剂对潜在灾害提供参考资料 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了lcopene的生物特征 , 如分子结构、代谢、组织分布及其抗癌功能及可能的机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:直接表现为9例 , 非规则中心或内心狭窄9例 , 1例无规则填充缺陷 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑器允许您在启动期间 , 无需与其菜单音乐进行调整 , 自动检查更新 , 并允许您在您的喜欢的字节设置更新 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	模拟了大型重力电流的垂直速度 , 运行的大速度 , 前面的密度分子与观察者密切相吻合 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	利用生物技术在食品生产中产生的生物技术的支持 , 具有很多好处:快速繁殖植物和动物的特点 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	由于军事服务 , 马克维亚先生花了战争作为威尔马赫特 , 用于乌克兰、意大利、芬兰和乌克斯拉维亚的布什和铅笔 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强烈的一定要与贝尔泽布的魔鬼驱动魔鬼 , 正如说的话 , 给出一种反魔法 , 为了中性化和克服那些支持建立的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	随后 , 有一个绝对的艺术标准 , 意味着每个人都感到独特的感觉 , 通过图像无法复制 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 这些虫子被用来攻击它的巴赫核反应堆的电脑 , 已经有广泛的推测 , 实际上已经损坏了该植物 , 一些伊朗否认 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转换密钥相比 , mdcsk具有多级数字信号可加密的优点 , 通过多辊加密参数 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了相关图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、障碍 , 以及成功采用和实现创新策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	通过对hsqldbutil.runscriptool的代码进行反应 , 创建一个名为 " 启动 " 的方法 , 它获得了项目、主类名称和命令行参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运极球冠军和世界记录的俄罗斯在星期日早些时候宣布 , 她是从运动中获得无限的突破 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易部门法律可以被视为社会利益分配和司法选择与公共利益之间的垄断利益和贸易部门的垄断利益 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战斗机似乎已经准备吹大量的人为了减少一个目标 , 例如政府官员或警察首席执行官员 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线显微镜是一种利用软x射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 填充了光学和电镜之间的差距 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	温阳三能集团有限公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业生产烟草提取、索兰醇和尼古丁两大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼睛位置的正确率 , 为了提高面边界的精度和多层眼检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:开展目标口腔黏膜灌溉和潜在植入试验 , 探讨微卡氧化锌粉碎玻璃的组织相容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场吉尔伯托已经扭曲了丹利逊 , 他的继任者在枪手中场 , 接到巴西国家队的一场竞争 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在一些c.i.a官员中 , 知识到拘留和交流程序的详细信息 , 有一个紧张的争论 , 在那里抽取治疗方案的线路 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 开放的冠军告诉我们 , 在东加瓦的崩溃之后 , 萨姆拉伊被失业 , 并在寻找工作的国家 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很感激 , 深深深地对他的视野、挖掘、大拿和勤奋 , 给美国带来佛教和所有的句子 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	simonellson是一位反病毒公司诺顿的安全专家 , 重点认为 , 频繁地改变密码 , 避免重复 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测量 , 钢烟的表面处理只是0.008相对反射 , 吸收装置可作为理想的涂料 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学院的形象是我国传统自治时期的一种特殊的扁平现象 , 成为现代文化的变化 , 具有特殊的美学价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制度是汉武迪的原始创作 , 是以秦汉代官员监督和控制为基础的成功经验为基础 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 周书广又一位博客 , 分享了他的印象: " 这表明美国政府和北京已经完全不同的工作方式 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了提高铁石在这些领域的应用 , 必须合成单体超磁纳米粒子 , 具有高饱和磁化的铁粒子 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声波b患者及前室角镜检查34例 , 然后在眼睛投射下提取外室角 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理abdullabadawi正面临辞职的呼吁 , 经过他的统治联盟失去了关键地点 , 反对党在一般选举中 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在电影之前 , 拍摄者在波斯尼亚科维纳战争困难的摄影师 , 因为他把拍卖给他奖的电影扔掉 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	本文综述了逆转醇衍生物的结构活性与药理性质 , 作为一种潜在的化学预防剂 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九条代理人遵循指令的义务 ; 按照原则的指令 , 应当按照指令处理信任事务 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自从那以来 , 我们的双边关系使得两方的努力有显著的成就 , 两国在顶部和其他层面有频繁的联系 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 拉迪克普拉里亚粉末的综合价值逐渐提高了工业生产的官方和原材料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他是家庭唯一的工人提供物质 , 或是他是一个全职学校的学生 , 就会被授予公民的责任 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	结果 , 分支的厚度对青年树有很大的影响 , 与其生存率有直接关系 , 生长条件和年轻人数树的商业率有较大的影响 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本研究描述了激励导速度对心律节律影响的定量仿真 , 采用三维实际扭转几何模型 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的克隆生长体系结构 , 古拉和法兰克斯 , 是研究克隆人口的最佳材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯kind是纽约世界贸易中心的重新开发的主计划者 , 预计将面临多年的延迟和重要成本超越运行 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃自由放置是由一个由模具的多乙烯或聚丙烯单元组成的 , 直到用户激活的活动 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对当时我国医学教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者 " 的信件 " 是保持中药教育的主要内容 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和霍夫曼在四个月内工作的慈善男性中心委员会工作 , 受到地震的少数伤害 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与这个世界相比 , 中国的牙齿衰退的发生并不高于初级和二级学校的学生 , 更突出的是它缺乏时间处理 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口增长了1% , 近40% , 由于外国人口进入美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	北欧国家突出了欧洲危机的损害 , 已经对其经济做出了重视 , 并通过17个国家单一货币面积的紧急需求 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	显著的氮消化率呈现出与饮食ip水平的二次曲线关系 , 18.07%的n消化率最高 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	除此之外 , 吉利亚还揭示在访问期间 , 在很多电影中 , 大多数喜欢 " 超过我们的肯尼 " , 她甚至已经提名了最佳女演员黄金 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc一直在稳定发展 , 尽管赢得了原则 , 在变化的行业和市场中 , 他们正在试图采取花卉的活力和稳定的提升 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统林肯正在紧急环境下准备违反宪法 , 就像林肯在民间战争出现的时候悬挂了哈比斯公司 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人说 , 美国在生命中借钱 , 汽车不能卖 , 因为老妇人填满了六个 " 经济危机 " 终于被破坏了 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清楚动物研究与一个祖母的hip替换之间的联系 , 父亲的副手术经营婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至是宠物的射击 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk后移植失败的危险因素是冠状血管化、移植、假冒或预后同步症的危险因素 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	几乎所有的东西都是消费的 , 包括它的劳动布局和现在最常见的名人 , 35 ) 大多数是销售的 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 几乎所有的工业都是从上游到下游的一部分 , 完全是印度尼西亚:农民、工厂和工厂、销售商、销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰在今天没有消失 , 除非那些没有玩得多的球员 , 比如艾默森和塞德勒索已经离开了 , 还有谢夫切科和马里没有被重新宣布 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对景观建筑设计案例的分析 , 阐述了应用于景观设计的文学流程意义 , 例如超bole、理论和符号化等 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了有效地捐赠花粉 , 动物污染的植物已经进化了各种色彩特征 , 花粉展示规划是其中之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定阅读奥法动机之后 , 我很失望 , 但我不相信我们会遇到任何额外的障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	宾尼·辛德韦22分 , 包括3秒左右的比赛 , 作为奥兰多魔术击败了9290冠军霍斯顿火箭 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	全球信贷策略师martinfridson说: " 否则在cds或超安全资产的人们正在采取更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一个土地是不用的 , 将增加森林覆盖率4.1% 。 水面前、道路、农田等绿色潜力 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说家的情况下 , 浪漫视觉倾向于表达自己称为 " 浪漫性 " 、情感性、符号性 " 的小说的形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是2005年在德克萨斯州霍斯顿举行的第一次 , 我们收到了2000万美元 , " 朗回忆道 , " 这个数字超过了我们的期望 。 "
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	这位26岁的官方赛季表示: " 真的 , 现在我不会和我一起处理这些小伤害 , 比如哈姆斯或格林菌株 , 我可以理解他们 。 "
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2 , 设置n或更高的更改内存布局-它不再使用段段d和f为共享库 , 并允许它们用于本土存储或mmapping 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但是现在 , 如果我们正在修正这个方面的反对文化 , 那么它的神秘倾向和原则的乐趣就是我们不会对运动深刻的歧视做出正义 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	霍斯顿梅特系统成功地测试了呼吸系统 , 利用紫外光照射法杀死某些细菌的99% 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 虽然司法官的指示和完整性超越了复制 , 但他的遗传密封方法在法院外部的影响力已经限制了他对法院的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	吃饭:在这个矿物中富含食物 , 因此有利于亚洲人在内的饮食是:番茄 , 豆类 , 棕色米 , 柠檬 , 橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	百度的财务总监詹妮弗丽说: " 百度 , 中国音乐迷 , 记录艺术家和记录公司将从这个赢得的合作中获益 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线是昂贵的安装 , 第一家公司如此做 , a.t&t , 伤害成为美国唯一的远距离服务的供应商 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	本文以二级板市场为研究对象 , 通过理论和经验角度分析了交易机制的目标、特点和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清除和反应相的患者 , 高氨基氨基转移酶和hbvdna水平的患者是抗病毒治疗的候选人 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 第四个城市的小天鹅在第二个城市销售额仅占13% , 显然公司的未来性能将大幅提高 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	订阅1 , 13和19页的订阅不需要申请发行人 , 为了公开编写普通公司债券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	在gsp中 , 我们剩下的一些事情是jsp标记库支持的 , 可能支持jpa作为插件 , 提高了我们的单元测试基础设施 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	产品具有丰富的风味和蝴蝶纹理 , 传统上是法国的圣诞美味 , 虽然在整年的南方吃得更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次强调决策的重要性 , 组成和传递能力 , 因为玩家需要知道当运行球时 , 还需要知道 , 否则不要小心接受球 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道说: " 坐在电视上可能不会让孩子们看见 , 但是一个孩子可能会坐在电视上 , 因为他或她接近观察并不诊断 。 "
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 路沈承诺帮助库斯马·塔卡希拉出售渠道 , 帮助路胜平长期以来 , 路胜平岛为基地承诺帮助库斯马·塔克希拉 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次 , 冰岛形成的是1962年 , 荷兰的冰架在一座岛上 , 小块的冰岛被放置在真正的岛之间 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	介绍了日本高性能工业炉的开发和应用试验 , 如加热炉、热炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果大学毕业于一所学校 , 你从来没有看到过奇怪的话 , 那么考虑这个问题:ou被认为是英国最大的大学 , 200 , 000名学生 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏对现实世界的经验和实际知识 , " 杨小东说 , ceo是一个独特的高尔夫俱乐部的ceo , 因为他的职员们在希望申请者的重要眼睛上打了一个重要的眼睛 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 由美国和国际社会制裁的几年后 , 美国和国际社会的制裁 , 更年长 , 但同样的战斗殖民卡扎菲似乎被西方重组 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c和保护下 , np没有释放的动力学 , 通过施工和空间结构对snp的影响显著 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	利用 " 蔡云 " 特殊座椅功能和健康功能 , 将各种使用摩托车座椅的短期和遗憾进行克服 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个基本的因素形成了一个系统 , 科学操作能够产生良好的教学结果 , 这种科学操作也是新的时代教学创新措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	在这个殖民失败之后 , 蝙蝠偷走了附近的力量 , 逃到他个人帝国皇家的星摧毁者的外部地区 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监测器收集了有用的信息 , 例如在一个月内的ecr状态调查事务 , 数量的ecr状态等 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	在接受报告后49分钟后 , 韩国国防部长金正在接受该报告后 , 49分钟的职员联合首席执行官 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	基于家庭的护理团队由几个护士组成 , 他们每天早上跳进小卡车 , 走到社区 , 往往往往往是真正的学院 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	体干净器的特殊喷水系统实现了两个状态的水喷水 , 因此体干净范围和体干净程度的提高 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	他们在机场的旅行场景 , 飞机在跑道上飞机 , 他们的笼子从飞机上走出飞机 , 日本公共广播 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个金锁已经逃走了 , 似乎很厚 , 但是在一个丑陋的、紧密的、紧密的紧密的帽子下 , 疲倦了 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	150年的商业调查显示 , 三分之一的调查显示 , 他们的团体促进利润仍然有三分之一的声称在他们的团体经验上失去了资金 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安迪:是的 , 但是卡塔尔也可以穿上银牌 , 拥有巨大的骄傲 , 这真是一匹黑马 , 它在另一个半决赛中打败伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家们 , 裁判这部电影 , 指责张先生给亚洲演员戴蒙先生提出的一部分 , 应该去亚洲演员 , 一个被称为白色的实践 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 例如极端编程和敏捷发展的概念使得很多同样的好处 , 没有一个完整的编程团队 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在矩阵组织的情况下 , 研究风格组织和非边界组织今天已经突破了 , 我们的选择是基于给定的环境和目标的 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	香味包含许多香料 , 猪肉系列产品和脱水的春洋葱 , 根据不同的味道添加一些香味 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	这种自由主义双重标准伤害了韩国人民的感觉 , 另外 , 在学术意识上骑行粗糙 , 改变了历史的真正面貌 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这永远不会是 , 永远永远不会继续 , 当时 , 时间在离开的列表中 , 当然这位朋友会生存在我们的身份上 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 那些在36个爱好的社会网络下 , 通过移动和期待付款 , 年轻的成年人期待手机内容尤其是音乐和视频 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号在非常高的频率下采样 , 定量了两个样本之间的差异 , 比如 , sigmadelta码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	因为他们像我一样 , 我想 , 没有改变我总是有一个成功 , 个性是现实 , 但我喜欢一个阴影 , 让我在这里 , 真的是我的错误呢 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年后 , 填充表面的95%的元素汞含量已经经历了化学反应 , 成为硫化物 , 黑色固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18个公园的位置 , 位于该地板的紧急柴油发电机和电器设备 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	ustream , 活动视频流动服务最近感谢了最近的一小学生的hibau , 只是宣布打水 , 一个新的白色标签流动视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:socket、电路断路器、dcjack、数字开关、dip开关、emi滤波器、融合器、钩开关、密钥开关、微开关等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他有超过10年的数字媒体生产经验 , 与视频工作 , 仍然有图像和声音 。 他在社会和环境问题上追求长期的项目 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于卡斯托尔的种族历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳发动机性能在最艰难的骑士条件下增加加加速度 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	目前国民平均出售的气体价格现在最高的四美元的标记 , 最高的平均价格就像阿拉斯加、加州、康涅狄克州、华盛顿州 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米体系普通外场的小尺寸 , 必须视为强场 , 使得非线性反应非常重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可保护h2o2受伤的内皮细胞 , 可能在预防和治疗缺血再灌注方面有一定的作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	介绍了利用头空气色谱法测定酒精醚硫酸盐含量的1 , 4-二氧化碳含量的方法 , 讨论了头空间的因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	因此 , 穿着一个温暖的浪漫新家园 , 一个温暖和流动的婚姻床 , 自然成为优先级的一家 , 传统的部门正在床上 , 所以搅拌池塘 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	随着室内节点导致的基础和增加 , 基于其它生理现象的频率滤波 , 降低室内节点导致的频率 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常与特定的规则集合检查 , 您可能希望将它们组合在自己的规则文件中 , 如清单2所示 , 这个规则将进入基本、名称和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年2月14日 , 一名警察在抗议3月对东京国际鲸船委员会的特殊会议上表示 , 一个绿色和平的成员们穿着鲸 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	巩固现有的食品市场 , 可以保持长期而稳定的出口 , 利用比较优势解决我国食品供应平衡和需求的问题 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	总结了高桥梁混凝土裂缝对铁路政策的类型及原因 , 总结了高桥墩裂缝的控制和防治措施 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为了防止和解决贸易者群体 , 必须扩大公民参与 , 改革行业的治理结构 , 共同建设机制的兴趣 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北阴凤之外 , 六绝对是寺庙 , 还有一些强大的山水 , 地狱运动了十宫绅士 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨机器人casr2辅助体系三尖峰区和临床价值的临床疗效 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称性 。 金野 。 一起 , 粘贴的线和观看zany图片 , 同时学习比例、匹配、对称性 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到石油和气使它丰富 , 开始于20世纪60年代 , 这个小型、规模化的小型、胰岛半岛大幅增加 , 让单独的一个大小城镇 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另一个观点是 , 斯切尔先生现在放弃了它 , 一个 " 革命主义 " , 也是一个逐步的主义者 , 经常没有广告他们 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	在1991年退休后 , 他保持了一个低档案 , 尽管加拿到了奖项 。 他是由妻子生存的 , 高度声称北京歌手江静 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	据研究显示 , 世界上最受欢迎的网站facebook , 成员花了205亿分钟 , 增加了36%的56% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	特别是一次被称为sctymuus的恶意批评中 , 匿名的anglican对手攻击不仅是这些六名预防部长 , 而且攻击了米尔顿 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个未知的原因 , 有时候他向祖母宣传后 , 他坐落在皇宫的行星naboo上 , 他帮助在精英皇家飞行员训练 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的入口形式和女性 , 星巴克限制了她的开放平衡和麦当劳的制造商和女性队列 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子将会从最高的原子轨道出来 , 这是能量最高的 , 因为这将是最高的能量 , 至少需要项目的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我的爱来坐在我身边的时候 , 当我身体的颤抖和我的眼睛滴下来时 , 夜间的黑暗 , 风吹出灯 , 云朵上闪烁的星云 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你这是坏的 , 希望永远会是 , 谷歌的搜索结果很糟糕 , " 谷歌在博客上写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	nisan的首席创意官shironakamura说 , 该研究室将 " 提高我国和亚洲的产品竞争力 , 汽车产业继续看到鲁棒的增长 " 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用这个环境时 , 请仔细地打开颈部和皮特10毫升的点 , 然后通过纯化水带来体积 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不再能看到像皮格利银行一样的恐惧 , " 格洛萨克逊历史上的一名当局认为 , 与员工的财政任务相信 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过分析不同的超声衰减过程 , 给出了重量超声生产率和最终超声极化的衰减公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数局部麻醉物通过扩散到或透过细胞膜 , 可以获得相对水理分子 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81次加固钢纤维加固混凝土梁和66次加固钢纤维增强sc梁的试验结果 , 确定了模型中的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	该网站还使用了开源博客服务器apacherollerver版本4.0.0.12 , msqltm数据库服务器和memcached 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	比萨尔望着600米高的建筑 , 自足的水和能源 , 被贝吉亚设计师维尼·卡尔巴特认为是基于纽约罗斯福岛的 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 箱子 " 仍然坚持这个熟悉的胶原 , 解决水中出现的外观 , 更好地告诉大家这个产品和瑜伽饮料的味道 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	鉴于其对慢性日常头痛或紧张型头痛的影响 , 瓶颈酸钠似乎是前列腺癌的吸引剂 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母的行为放在体重尺度的侧边 , 那么你的孩子们如何在建立健康自尊vs.低自尊度 ?
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	" 他说 , 时间是最大的问题 , 中央当局对当地政府有表格特定标准 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法避免 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	上述大峡谷 , 这个虚假分层图像 , 显示了科罗拉多河在数百年内创建的分形模式 , 红色指示了植被区域 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	最近没有地球化石跟踪到一只狗类的预处理器 , 遗传分析发现了鲸类最近的生命关系 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维组织图表由加强混凝土构建 , 每个教室或工作室占有不同的体积 , 允许在整个院子里看到 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	" 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 在二十世纪末发展的 " 哲学咨询运动 " 正在影响人们作为全球化时代的出现纪律 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的封闭相比 , 标准封闭使得人们可以在标准数字模式写邮件编码 , 并为后勤工作人员提高信件排序效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规格的水珠、南阳珠、新鲜水珠、珠珠、半孔松珠、3/4松梨珠和完成珠宝 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高建筑师在建筑设计中的生态、效率、经济资源负责和责任 , 提高建筑师在建筑设计中承担的技术、生态、效率、经济效益和经济效益 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	根据质量波孔数据 , 分析了中侏罗煤层分布特征、煤层分布特征、煤层性能、煤层分布期 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	作为一个例子 , 应用最大轨迹优化方法 , 在两阶段的弹道导弹中 , 给出了一个原始和最优轨迹的比较 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开源项目的基本原因 , 并没有一个关闭的资源部门 , 是我们对销售或支持的业务没有兴趣 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	一些物种在洪水季节中被洪水淹没 , 只有一些高度的草原生存 , 它们的主要物种属于草原和草原 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	而且 , 他们都被头捕捉了每一个人 , 然后把他的剑在他的同胞的旁边 , 所以他们一起下来 , 所以这里叫赫尔卡扎里姆的地方 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述了一系列未经破坏的ias患者 , 通过神经外科医生在 " 内血管内血管时期发挥的脑血管功能 。 "
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	由政府提供的公共物品的不平衡已经成为城乡和农村地区的深层原因 , 影响城市和农村区间的差距 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过权利和侧向 , 通过水力液压液压系统驱动 , 指出了水力液压系统的液压系统存在 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 外国批评家们将看今天的数据 , 争论更强的元获益 , " 香港基于香港的经济学家pendorfer说 。
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行的比例说 , 它的比例是9月底的健康1.6% , 9月底的其他四大银行的数字低于公共交易 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于亚适应和滤波反投影算法的新算法 , 用于估计广泛适应成像中心的对象散射中心的异性 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我在达科塔北部的一个孩子时 , 我母亲为她的五个孩子做了烹饪袋 , 当她做完时 , 她把热带从锅里拉出来 , 把他们放在纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于放电温度、完成磨削和覆盖在热轧厂实践中被考虑到轧削部位和表面级之间的约束 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一家9亿美元的律师认为 , hsbc两次雇佣了kpmg , 一家会计公司探讨madof先生 , 但当银行担忧时 , 银行未能执行 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	除了等待伦敦的消息 , 还是从他母亲的一些爱和嫉妒的国家出发 , 在这里 , 整个故事在他之前 , 还是从他母亲走出来 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	对于奥哈拉兄弟来说 , 他曾经参观过奥斯塔 , 一百英里的萨凡纳河 , 他已经旅行到了这座城市的老镇 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	研究和鉴定结果表明 , 陕西各种ppper病毒病毒的病毒品种有显著的cmv、tmv、tev和bbbwv , 其中一部分是混合感染 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	据报道 , 在19世纪 , 一个马菲亚神父被报道为他的生日与香槟和洛布斯特庆祝了他的生日 , 获得了 " 大酒店 " 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997.11年 " 暂时管理安全基金 " 执行以来 , 我国安全基金已经迅速发展 , 获得了较好的效果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	在1610年 , 印度东部的一座城镇 , 位于布比亚东部 。 建于1610年 , 位于他皇帝荣誉的马索勒姆 。 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主要的课程选项外 , 波尼俱乐部提供了一种反映中海和海鲜食品的选择 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另一位见证人yuri告诉俄罗斯州首次运行通道电视说 , 冲击波是足够强大的 , 把他扔到地板上 , 把帽子吹掉 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列表示 , 军队在攻击之后只使用他们的手枪 , 并发布了一个视频显示军队从直升机中下降到一个拥有坚持和俱乐部的人群 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	采用9种生态类型的日本稻线总59种 , 分析了f1混合材料的主要质量特征 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	印度的一个人类学家ruthfreed发现 , 印度的家庭生活在查德加尔的房子里 , 用帘子来分离男性和女性的空间 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了理解投资问题外 , 他的心理健康和物质滥用主任谢克哈哈·萨克森纳表示 , 低收入国家有很少的精神健康专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言相对合并的问题通常会变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员确定为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	一位白色学生作为一项研究参与者对黑人参与者的评论做出了一个评论 , 当他简单地离开了房间时 , 显示出来自中等到极端种族污染的标志 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论在腹腔切除术中只有足够的超临床脂肪的性能 , 同时在腹腔切除术中发挥橡胶排水是防止肥胖患者的简单有效途径 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同的npt的氧供应和氧需求的重要因素 , 但在恢复时间的特殊关注中 , 体温变化是影响体温变化的重要因素 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京日报周六表示 , 北京警方预计将在国内暴力中互相互互互互动 , 作为法律师穆尔将对妇女权利保护和利益的法律进行修正 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 多糖酶明显改善了大豆饮食纤维脆性的流变学和处理技术 , 确定了多糖酶的优化范围 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	fitch说 , 希腊银行在东南欧和土耳其加入收入多样化 , 但这来自于更多挥发的经济体 , 其中一些经济体验也经历了衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河道跟踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀登和东方的遇到室外的生存 , 玩得很多技能 , 游泳团队只有它的个人成员 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	bilberry是蓝莓的亲戚 , 被称为黑色的紫色 , 自然包含人体 , 并且有助于支持健康的眼功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	毫无疑问:微软与windows7.即使在beta形式上有一定的打击 , 公司的新桌面os正在从博客界的所有角度收集 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	累累和预测的答案 , 比如 " 我是一个艰难的工人 " , " 我在新机会学习 " 的时候 , 你应该考虑奥德球问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	丰瑜54是浙江省太州农业研究院和林海育苗站开发的一种新型杂交稻组合 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们要求这个问题 , 采取s2作为给定 , s1最大化这个表达式 , 作为后面的绅士说 , 我将分化 , 然后我将设置等于0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他的主要角度移动齿轮 , 玉花了大部分时间在学校准备进入考试人力资源毕业生的第四年 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺乏是心理描述的过度描述 , 可以在行动中进行 , rub描述 , 另外 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 本文将会看起来更多的活力 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一家专业的电缆制造商 , 国王信号的产品主要服务移动通信、数字微波通信、航空、多媒体和军事 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	第五章探讨了泰姆沙沙沙山道上的文化融化融化池 , 设置另一个王卡尔威夷电影 , " 春季表达 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 生命标志稳定 , 代谢支持明显 , 表明:构建的生物官方肝支持体系是安全、稳定、有效的 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	类似的 , 在左边 , 缺乏视觉 , 激励公司的真正目标意味着改变努力将永远不能证明政策制定者的成功 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	一种湿磷酸纯化萃取法包括:第一个步骤 , 利用热水浸渍和提取有机溶剂 , 然后清洗热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品的设计基于16世纪欧洲和其他eras的古典线路 , 可以修改和组合到个体客户的欲望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	蔡元北是一位伟大的思想家 , 教育家和革命家 。 从思想、词语和行为方面 , 我们可以知道他的伟大思想 , 哲学家的性格和伟大的男性 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	恒水湖开发生态旅游的优势是环境、植物、野生动物、历史和文化 , 我们也必须注意到一些问题 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双带rna产生后描述基因沉积技术 , 改变油厂主要脂肪酸的相对比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据《人民日报》周一报道 , 中国继续成为世界上第二大经济体 , 与日本的1.37万亿美元相比 , 中国仍然是世界上最大的经济体 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	民族反恐委员会表示 , 特殊部队杀死了2名军事和拘留 , 而且在莫斯科郊区的第三个人 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道染色和电镜观察了在脊髓前角的形态学变化的典型模式 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:分别对164名受害者进行康复教育、心理劝说娱乐活动、各种心理学支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 分析了赵永明的诗歌写作意义 , 证明了诗歌能实现女性角度的原因 , 以及其有价值 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行对贫困国家财政部长的贷款严重影响 , 严重失业困难、急性失业和后果的内部失业平衡 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以在大程度上存储到目标区域 , 结果表明 , 非目标区域的密度可明显降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	通过多个角度的运动缓慢反馈证据收集 , 风格已经不快 , 他准备准备到niu卡方面道歉 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	泉江盆地水污染主要来源于国内废水 , 然后不点污染也是影响产业污染的重要来源 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	通过对儒家、道教、穆罕主义和其他思想的影响 , 探讨军事主义思想的文化根源 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一个修复的组织表现出水平、平滑、平滑、平坦的组织 , 与周边土地胡萝卜区的胆固醇细胞比较成熟 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	探讨脊椎体与肺脂溶栓的关系 , 探讨水泥注射速度与pvp水泥渗漏的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	2007年8月12日 , 特罗伊 , 米歇 , 巴伊系统在国防工业协会的电力和能源同步展示了一个原型的共同模块电力系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	来自中国国有集团公司的代表 , 中国冶金集团公司访问了一家铜矿的网站 , 位于2007年前基地组织东南卡布尔 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态远远 , 快速的处理速度快 , 健康的皮肤细胞 , 表面3倍以上公式的非酸皮肤精制剂 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	寒冷如何欢迎在沙底房间的一杯冰绿色的玻璃 , 带着色彩 , 外面的阳光是海外 , 和尘埃燃烧的道路 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿下面报道了利比亚反叛运动中的分裂 , 哈利说 , 是利比亚的第一个 " 纳托巴联盟 " 提供军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	由于lbj的 " 伟大的社会 " 等时候 , 一个 " 自由 " 的 " 自由 " 的人声称荣耀 , 筹集财政 , 支出其他人民币 " 自由 " 的投票 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	由微软基金会创建的保罗·艾伦创建 , 自2003年开始以来 , 艾伦学院已经组装了一个较少的人脑亚特拉斯 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦人说: " 今天结束时 , 解决和平是两个并行轨迹 。 以色列同时没有解决和平 。 "
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇人说 , " 世界上只有一条路 , 难道你永远不会重新救他们 , 你一定要沉默在十二年里 , 也不会笑 。 "
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	开放山羊欢迎所有的商人参加全民主、自主、热情、潜在的集体改革 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	今天发布的查瑟姆家庭研究显示 , 非法的监测已经下降了50%到75%的在印度尼、印度尼和巴西的亚马逊之间 ;
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺在一起呆在一起 , 或更糟糕的情况下 , 为了更糟糕的或更糟糕的 , 疾病和健康 , 荣誉和珍惜 , 直到死亡的一部分 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京 , 17年1月17日 , 15日中午的当地时间 , 新华 , 匈牙利首都布达佩斯 , 一个拥挤的碟子灯泡 , 杀死了三个妇女 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	为了阅读更多的情况 , 如果你选择雇佣移民代表 , 检查cic的移民页面的移民代表 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学拒绝的实践特征 , 内在是批评与建设的方向 , 是基本的解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究的系统不仅可以显示折叠和断层 , 还可以应用gis函数 , 分析了自动生成地质概率和断层的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从新的角度 , 提出了一种基于遥感图像的多个特征 , 克服了基于pixel的分析方法的局限性 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会进入了汽车增长的峰期 , 汽车所有者在车上花费越来越多的时间 , 从车辆到危险人类的健康不能忽视 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph激光扫描活动 , 降低功率 , 总磷化合物的含量 , 抑制氧化氢和超氧化物辐射氧化物的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , cbot还向中国介绍了其它先进的产品 , 包括主批、导电化合物、喷墨颜色、气凝胶和专业钻井液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但是 , 可以一个聪明的网格或精确的农场 , 机器互相通知 , 使后来决定 , 显著降低能源使用 , 因此 , 温室气体污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	这个任务 " 找到和看病人记录 " 可能由大多数组织使用 , 而且任务 " 创建和更新病人记录 " 可能只被承认和前台员工使用 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	基于结构光谱技术的主要缺点是不能通过光源来获得无视相机的数据 , 或不能被光源照明 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件dolet.xml被引用为该插件的内容表 , 这个文件将为eclipse左板中的层次信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	针对数据挖掘的许多隐私存储算法 , 提出了相关规则、分类规则、聚类等算法 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女性和男性在很多简单的任务上工作时 , 例如搜索关键或操作简单的数学问题时 , 女性也显著地执行男性 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	上周 , 欧扎瓦投票反对肯先生的党领导人 , 还不能支持129名法律制定者的支持 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改善常规免疫:合作关系集中于减少贫困和措施 , 也有助于建立新的和现有疫苗交付的更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	西拉利诺总统塞尔拉·莱昂·科马的发言人 , 他是西非联盟的首席执行官之一 , 他说gbagbo的出口是不可谈判的 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育不能为这个职业带来必要的 , 但是你可以在门上获得足够的进步 , 更好地在汽车和柴油技术的基本培训 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了更换适合金牌 , 请通过区域休闲服务办公室或体育中心提交卡表格 , 并付25美元 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	达中帕胡椒 " 大辣椒 " , 肉 , 厚厚 , 色彩丰富 , 丰富的味道丰富 , 味道丰富 , 具有 " 中国名法 " 的声誉 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:对天津10所医院呼吸部呼吸道感染的253例acb的临床资料及抗生素耐药性进行了综述 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	简要介绍了水性表面的原理 , 介绍了水性表面的降低原理 , 简要综述了水性表面的新途径和最近进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效率和精确分类已经提高了地晶粒的磨削效率 , 提高了321矿石输入的运行效率 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我正在寻找一个 " 外出 " 的时候 , 我被湖江打开了一个灵活的计划 , 为我出生的女儿 , 现在几乎是5个月 。
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	额外的清洗技术可以使用无针塑料注射液 , 使牙体充分清洗 , 或柔软洗涤 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	他们的眼睛里有美元标志教授总是宣布最新的革命管理技术或最热新的 " 吸尘器 " 的出生 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	周二的swoon在一份报告显示 , 在8月份的美国制造业的报告显示 , 今年8月的第一次回归到了一年半以来的扩展 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	伯克利大学建筑部主席玛丽·卡里奥说 , 建筑业是最乐观的职业 , 是伯克利大学建筑系主席 。
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	该设计由法国建筑师jacquesrougerie , 一个基于水的建筑工程的船舶 , 由联合国文化机构unesco所支持 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放式的左翼空间 , 桌子里的四个创始人在屏幕上站着 , 四个是samyagan、c.o ;
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 , 运用matlab软件对自适应梁形成的服务算法进行了分析 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	两个双层单元被指定为通信设备包的一部分 , 为每个lcs无人工表面车辆开发 , 以实现这些战争任务 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 律师捐赠了他所有的负面、专辑、摄像机和个人日记到法国 , 从这些照片和文本中 , 我们发现了一部经常和优雅的生活故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	然而 , 空气压力较低 , 所以气动力学效应如拖动和抬升 , 最终导致球运动速度快 , 比他们将会更低 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	由msci测量的世界股票 , 本周高达51/2周 , 移动至今年的一场突破点 , 因为投资者把数十亿美元的现金转移到一年 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	全地介绍和具体的分析 , 对学生运动和教师手册的概念、选择、组织和展示内容进行了概念和结构的分析 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你太疲惫了 , 离开房子的限制 , 卸下电话 , 锁住门 , 打击帽子 , 整个周末在家里花了整个礼拜 , 完全没有什么 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	与辽一样 , 一位早期的亚洲内部 , 尤文保持了一个中国风格的官僚制度 , 以规定他们的后果和内亚的部落状态 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 它感觉像你正在处理一些熟悉的事情 , 比如在mdardara烹饪一个柠檬菜 , 以及在熟悉的周围的奇怪感觉 , 比如东京今晚 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林切断的增加 , 平均高和直径也增加 , 但单位面积的增加也减少 , 更新插件的分布从任务到均匀 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含人类皮肤过敏反应、非毒性、无毒性、无毒性、无味性、左右gm的任何自然乳胶成分 , 拉出良好的耐用性和良好的粘接 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	二十岁的弗吉尔 , 卡梅利塔·蒙蒂尔刚刚洗澡在橙色的水里 , 正在把罗西里叶放在皮尔特内拉的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们在这里使用这样的工具来生长自己的twitter出现 , 以及在每天的基础上 , 已经学到了很多关于twitoprank的最佳实践和工具的最佳工具 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以产生特异的免疫反应 , 主要通过激活肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤特异性抗原来获得治疗目标 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	许多生命交换发明 , 从冰淇淋和瓶水到电灯 , 汽车和航天器都通过成功曝光引起公众关注 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月晚些时候 , 我发表了他的指控 , 新线程网站 , 这是中国研究社区中著名的 , 暴露伪科学和学术误导 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	无论病毒成果或病毒特异性cd4t细胞反应急性hcvin感染患者 , hcv特异性cd8t细胞反应已经准备检测 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我也感谢布鲁斯·李先生的全心支持 , 李先生的寡妇林达先生 , 个人帮助制定一个前居民的布局计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	shin以前的solo努力包括2005年的专辑 " 特别感谢......最后的选择 " 和 " 累累 " , 但他最新的打击 " 我 " 标志着shin的第一张专辑 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市 , 体育模块已经从当地政府中取得了稳定的承诺 , 作为他们的足球、篮球、踢球和篮球的新宫殿的价格 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于瓷是陶瓷 , 所以玻璃类似 , 它的表面平滑而不像老粘合材料一样 , 它不会被染色咖啡 , 红酒或烟熏 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉范泰格林设计是一家国际采购商 , 来自澳大利亚 , 需要购买纺织材料和织品、家具、家具、礼品、陶瓷等 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重的绝对增长、前臂体重、后肢体长度、前肢长度、后肢长度、后肢长度和第三脚长度呈现正常分布模式 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	西班牙、意大利和希腊似乎是古老的文化立体型 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式也由王启山、林九华、王锦涛、美国副总统乔布登、国务卿、国务院长、国务院长兼职员工 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	拉丁思想的传统心理治疗的观点 , 让人们查询这些基本假设 , 规定自己的生活和思想 , 离开了心理实践的标志 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰·莱德罗·格里米在西纳官方网站上说了下一场对阵米兰的联赛: " 是的奇怪对阵米兰 , 但是现在我在西娜赢得了这个比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验结果表明 , pca在2年前产生的模型预测精度为95.8%的内样品和93.3% , 同时通过改进的方法97.5%和90.0% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	他说: " 这项预算对我国的未来的债务增加了更多的债务 , 比1789年的所有债务 , 当乔治华盛顿总统经历了弗兰克林·罗斯福和林·约翰逊 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	奥密武装了一个 , 看到你的巨大脸部和眼睛 , 手臂 , 腿部 , 腿部 , 脚部 , 手掌 , 手掌 , 手掌 , 手掌上 , 所有的行星都是恐惧 , 所以我 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	它还有高级教师 , 所有有外交学位 , 其中包括一个与国家关键教师冠军 , 两个与北京关键教师冠军 , 六个与厦城关键教师冠军 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	描述vti媒体的宏观速度模型与当前的速度估计方法一致 , 同时适应同步适应isopy、弱的isopy和强的isopy 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , 表达水平或相对的ptp1b相对活性的变化可能会影响胰岛素签名并且可能导致胰岛素抵抗在iii型糖尿病中观察的胰岛素抵抗 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国首席执行官阿里斯蒂尔·达林与他的部长红色调查盒一起拥有 , 因为他离开11个下街 , 路径将年度预算交给共同的房子 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	采用mt法测定了nk细胞的杀死活性 , 并通过间接免疫荧光法测定了t细胞子群d4+ , cd8+的增殖率 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园可能是扬尔多的房子 , 真正的湖泊 , 全部设备高端家具 , 所有礼物 , 地主有益良好的沟通 , 丰富的贵贵族气体 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在精子和卵巢中 , 证明钙信号在一系列复杂的过程中有很大的作用:接收、环境反应、卵母成熟、肥料等 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南东选择的质量吸烟猪肉菜 , 添加新鲜的鸡蛋比例 , 纯芒白淀粉 , 姜子和小粒的芝麻油 , 搅拌进入垃圾中 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	突尼西亚的选举和前利比亚领导人穆罕默尔·阿尔卡扎菲的戏剧脱离已经推动了伊朗赞助的情绪 , 以减少沙特的敌意 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icbtv是上海媒体集团有限公司和ics开发的一家新广播电视客户机 , 让人们看到ics、生命和vod的复制程序 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 阿马拉北部埃塞俄比亚的一个城镇 , 皇帝梅尼克二世决定在这里击败意大利人 , 以确保埃塞俄比亚独立的认可 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是随着这个例子 , 你可以意识到 , 随着一些更多的思想和智能运动 , 我不会说智能设计 , 智能设计可以更有效地解决这个问题 , 就像正确的一样 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体周二报道 , 4月7日 , 意大利中央意大利的强地震造成至少150人死亡 , 伤害大约1500人 , 500人死亡 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事官员说 , 摧毁者的帆船员 , 编码ddg169武汉 , 运行了全面的锻炼 , 重点关注快速响应、模拟攻击 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗在所有这些事情中的消息都是 , 我没有做错 , 我只是在这里遵守法律 , 我在这里为我的人民服务 , 荣誉我的民族和民族传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	像以前的攻击一样 , 星期三在香港北部的繁忙地区的事故涉及到了腐蚀的液体显然从附近的高层建筑中扔进了一个拥挤的购物区域 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	就业水平最终由集团需求决定 , 集团需求决定 , 不管中央银行认为经济能承担 , 没有犹太的稳定价格 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究对象每周吃蔬菜全部食物 , 每天从脂肪中10%的热量 , 每周走30分钟 , 使用压力诱导技术 , 每周来支持组 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街道的共存 , 各种手工的南方 , 拥有雕塑和木雕雕刻的数字、虫鸟、花卉、形状的生活类似 , 是游客购物的地方 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究的目的是描述正常台湾成年人pinch强度的规范 , 探讨年龄、性别、高度、数字长度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州高速公路104个国家道路 , 北京上海铁路通过北部和南部运行 , 由于古代 " fdbwa3 " 九省全面 " 的地方 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年代和1970年代以来 , 由于大量363英尺的火箭出现了汽车组装的最高的火箭 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何在远山地区居住的苗族女性如何了解金阳鱼 , 汉文化的典型象征标志标志 , 体现了所谓的金阳哲学 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生说 , 周二和周二在大学管理建筑外维持和平的演示 , 学生们说 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严重执行第17届cpc国会的精神 , 为反腐败工作和清洁、诚实的政府建设提供更多的努力 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 商务部发行 " 为 " 数千个农村 " 的 " 农村通知市场 " 正式发行 " 数以千计的农村作品 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	三星nx10在其专业的基础上 , 建立了它的专业技术 , 运动了大型3.0 " 的电子屏幕 , 交付了远远远镜和更清晰的lcd屏幕 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能会导致一个 " 极性冰帽 " 融化 , 迫使人类与凯文的成本者住在船上 , 或是海湾的流动停止 , 把纽约城变成巨大的冰箱 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险微化原理 , 研究了误差惩罚参数c的影响 , 以及支持向量机的支持作用 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过全称句的分析和全称句的概率逻辑体系 , 我们有良好的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的常规时 , 克里斯托弗·克里斯托弗·赫奇斯 , 一个极端主义者 , 显示 , " 当喜剧人士平坦 , 他们成为法院主义者 , 这个国家成为巴拿共和国 。 "
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	正如詹姆尔贝尔哈贾一般的公共债务总监詹姆斯·贝尔哈贾这样说 , " 对于我们保持固定和浮动率的最佳组合来说 , 我们的债务成本非常重要 。 "
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	设计访问发动机、柴油泵、齿轮箱、刀具、刀具、asd、sr、电子屋顶控制等电子诊断系统 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	律师协会应当根据律师法律、律师协会规定执行专业自我规定 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	认识老年创伤患者循环功能的重要因素 , 可能主要是由低血压引起的 , 但由心脏不足区分 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们在社会和情绪学习中谈到五个核心竞争对象 , " 自我意识、自我管理、社会意识、关系技能和责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 净化 , 水洗 , 栏屏 , 旋转鼓屏 , 喷气扩散器 , 泵 , 水滤器 , 带滤器 , 粉末溶液泵和泵装置 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了一种基于nullcoupler的oadm的基本原理和仿真方法 , 特别是在ybranch结构的交叉交谈中 , 以及转换栅格的耦合性能 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治 ? 布什正常在床上 , 托马斯·埃迪松 , 纳波仑 , 康多尼亚州大米4.30米 , 最著名的海明威是拉克斯 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	通过酸和碱水解、氨基酸分析和tg方法 , 得出了某些相互分子交联系 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 并敦促联合国在某些传统武器的约定 " , 一个协议 , 因此为为集群武器提供立法性 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 基于经济价值的基础上 , 这些损失将进一步达到800亿美元至900亿美元 , 使整个危机时期的总债损失达到1.7万亿美元 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	苏pachai的评论来自美国代表星期五的房子 , 预计将再次投票700亿美元的保险计划 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可证人希望在这里提供资金的许可证人 , 并且许可人希望获得许可证人、无签名、地理限制许可证人 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	基于发酵的瑜伽小时 , 我们用新鲜的牛奶作为原料 , 添加了稳定剂 , 蜂蜜 , 精华和糖进入其中 , 产生乳酸细菌的水果味 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	诗人yiannisritsos曾经称为monemvasia " 一艘石头 " , 而那些曾经访问过 " 被劫持 " 的 " , 沙尔tofthbeauty " 为 " 提供 " 新鲜的逃离 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种情况发生时 , 胰腺产生更多的补偿 , 与胰岛素的血液流量 , 血液中胰岛素的高水平与癌症有关 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	本专利支撑公式 , 中医含有很多临床证明自然成分 , 以解决男性激素调制5个关键阶段的男性荷尔蒙调制为男性时代 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行资源表示 , 尽管全面采取被看作是一家伸展的公司 , 但有些公司可能会在亚洲举行hp的竞争 , 例如中国莱诺夫集团有限公司和台湾的公司 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	针对湘潭市农业结构调整的必要性和思考 , 探讨了湘潭市农业现状的调查与分析 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单基本模态垂直腔表面缓解激光器的潜在应用 , 例如光网、光学间接、光学存储等 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年支出增加了1.3% , 在国防部推荐德国近几个军队基地 , 削减军队数量从25000到180万 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	朱林是新的 , 重量对她来说很好 , 但她在别人眼中是假冒的 , </p><qiulin去了董事 , 坚持自己 , 董事们欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	肯定等待2008年第四季度的增长数字 , 就像大多数分析师一样明显 , 因此 , 世界第三大经济实际上发生的事情 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全面的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的破产法律 , 应该恢复当前的个人破产不足 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过模拟和修正 , 获得了更多精度的实验数据 , 得到了基于原子的标准曲线 , 最后得到了线性系数为0.9995 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累答案 , 但是因为我正在提取 , x只能保持更多的负面 , 随着它进入无限循环 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	副总统乔·伯登今天在与nbc采访中回应共和党的签署 , " 我听到了很多批评 , 但我从来没有听到任何东西的反应 。
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一种独特的环境 , 山地范围具有较强的生活形式 , 可是 , 挑战为适应和进化提供必要的动机 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 可帮助葡萄糖等离子体的实验 , 具有理想的de值 , 可显著降低实验的数量 , 节省人力资源、时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 乔治敦大学教育中心的主任罗伯特·西格尔问安东尼·卡内瓦 , 乔治敦大学教育中心的主任 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个person的业务 , 邀请你们的声音或重要的话 , 一个信任的朋友知道你的业务 , 如果你能为您提供一个小时的费用或历史的会计 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国对能源的丰富的饮食使得国家的风险达到了 " peak煤 " 的风险 , 当需求将扩大国内生产能力 , 越来越多的专家相信 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创建了雕塑陶瓷作品 , 虽然抽象根源于天然世界 , 但简单的曲线和绝缘形式探索生物形态和结构增长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节约计划是在孩子年轻的资产组合中经营的一个非常积极的资产组合 , 随着孩子们的年龄越来越多的保守组合 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中晚粉末 , 成熟的水果与小绿色、高淀粉、高质量、适合冻结的处理或粉末 , 植于春天早期 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国有很多400家公司 , 据百度资金签署的第一季度 , 百度广告中只有16万 , 0.4%的持有公司总额 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	越来越多的时间开放思维 , 看雅虎开发人员网络的采访 , 与nyt的derekgetfrid、高级软件架构师聚集 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在1990年的icrp建议中 , 介绍了一种新的重量因子-辐射加权因子r , 替代吸收剂量平均值的质量因子q 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	介绍了一种基于lryngogra图信号的全球闭环瞬时的最大幅度的标记匹克算法 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	这位利物浦经理在昨天晚上八场比赛的利物浦总统表示 , 他称他是 " 100% " 的球队将开始攀登这个表 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这种技术来目标gm植物时 , 我们可以简单地识别并杀死了无冲击传统植物的gm株 , " 沈告诉scidevnet 。
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上拖出来锻炼 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " billhopik说 , " msu的心理3教授billhopik说 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	虽然许多人继续识别黑眼睛 , 但zoller表示 , 它从来没有在审计中出现的风格 , 只要它太重了 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	深圳和广州分别举行了12、22、23和23和23和23次的中国城市 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	结果 , 即使该选项提供的灵活性、反应性和可扩展性 , 即使使用静态vxml文件更容易 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然的焦虑 , 党的生活 , 后来我们的情绪 , 聪明的触摸着心灵 , 清新心灵 , 强烈的海泽永远带来了多样的味道 , 突然生命不相对 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata , 另一家大型采矿公司 , 在多米尼克尔共和国的一家镍矿中悬浮运营 , 而在转换电源供应的同时 , 却比煤炭更昂贵 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据重要价值 , 北京武陵山自然保护区植被可分为3个植被类型、5个植被类型、42个植被类型和139个协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的东西 , 因为如果你在宇宙直径附近的答案 , 那么你会知道你可能会做错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2003年1月15日 , 美国宇航局的太空热排放和反射辐射器在nasa的太空卫星捕获了这些假彩色图像 , 并于2010年1月21月2111日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	由于schistome基因组学、转录学和蛋白质学的积累信息 , 深入了解单个分子的功能 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死海矿改善皮肤细胞代谢减少肌肉裂纹和刚度 , 保护身体对流体损失和平衡酸碱水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司为硬化、正常化、温度高、中温淬火、金属带淬火、水泥、时间冻结、高温处理等领域开展开展开发 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	马海洋 ; 南东华大学化学工程系 ; 东华大学化纤和聚合材料改性实验室 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约:美国nasau县警察在周五在最好的购买电子商店外 , 标志着传统的购物季节 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国帮助者罗德尼·克林汉姆的志愿者 , 感谢给低收入家庭的食物盒 , 他将得到一个盒子喂养他的四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 武镇有一种营养能源 , " 今年的剧院节艺术总监孟静惠说 , " 在内容和预算方面 , 他们给我们完全自由 。 "
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	经过欣赏展览之后 , 列先生买了几种在展览上显示并查询购买照片的业务 , 显示了对主人的作品的心灵感情 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	分析了纤维级pt芯片的检测结果 , 来自内粘度、死乙烯甘油含量、熔化点、碳基结束组、聚集粒子和粉末 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在以下儿子的眼睛里 , 丰富的广场大范围正在加入 , 纯洁的面对犹太发出了光线 , 显示出人们对完美的生物精神的冲突 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 元石庄皇帝库布莱khan在统一战争结束后 , 坚决发出一次解决城市墙南部的订单后 , 严格禁止修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在离子直管和肾上皮细胞中发现的pdgf表达 , 但移植动动脉平等表达的igf1 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	职业教练朱莉·詹森说: " 我不知道我想要的东西 , 但是我不知道这是多少人 " , " 我告诉客户不要排除薪水 " 。
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	任何层次的政府预算包括政府在低层次上转移的收入 , 收入由政府拒绝或高层次收入的补贴 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	或许你可能有一些愉快的、令人愉快的、令人愉快的时间 , 甚至在贫困的房子里 , 设置的阳光从窗子里反映出来 , 像丰富的男人那样明亮 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少20名当地马德拉萨学生已经消失了 , 大多数可能在阿富汗加入战斗 , 塔利班后卫甚至试图阻止传统的音乐和舞蹈 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据中药学院的诊断和程度的标准 , 选择81例中药学院的呼吸分支 , 选择81例中等支气管哮喘瘤患者 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这是基于aix5.3中第一个出现的变化 , 当你不再要转移严格的maxclient , 增加minfee和maxfree , 或者减少maxperm和maxclient 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	虽然早些时候 , 华尔街所谓的恐惧指数或维克斯指数下跌 , 尽管在交易商看到更少的原因购买保护 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教国会议会于1999年在澳大利亚卡普镇举行会议 , 2004年在巴塞罗那州、西班牙的巴塞罗那州 , 下一次在澳大利亚举行会议 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在击败北美洲的尾部 , 可能是病毒可能在下一个秋天会彼得和重复 , 但这给我们准备好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 每场比赛都很好 , " 拉姆奥多星期六说 , " 所以我们下午10分钟左右 , 剩下六分钟 , 我们知道我们可以回来 , 赢得这场比赛 。 "
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , 建立和证明了tmcs的工作流程 , 进入公司客户机系统的系统依赖于gds的航空预订和服务能力几乎独特 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	在一份声明中说 , 保守的消防品牌签署了多年的交易 , 作为福克斯新闻贡献商 , 电缆通道的执行副总裁比尔·什说 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	最近几个星期 , 美国高级官员承认 , 国际社区花费了500万美元的资金 , 估计将远远远远超过500万美元 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	他们补充说: " 因此 , 在设计研究中 , 要评估味道丰富的食物、抗氧化剂活性和变性疾病之间的联系 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后我们还说 , 如果你看到电子的元素 , 你也可以实现octet稳定性和电子传递 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效位置算法和误差估计 , 提出了基于切比shev地图的公钥方案的改进 , 并给出了一种基于切比shev地图的关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇胺、三甲醛和胺作为材料 , 制备了六种新型schiff基底三聚合物 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带了一些古老的包装案例和破碎的厨房椅子的座位 , 以及那种类型的东西 , 把它们传播到草坪上 , 这样就可以做一些地板 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 可口可乐南太平洋广告称为 " 母亲和妈妈 " , " 特色是澳大利亚女演员克里·阿姆斯坦强 , 声称科迪是 " 孩子安全 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 人胚胎肺外交纤维细胞的恶性转化可能由cofc诱导 , 可能有潜在的致癌性 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光在单晶硅膜基质上生长或单晶晶硅薄膜基质上或单晶硅薄膜基质沉积缓冲层上 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私立二级学校不可能成功于自己的环境 , 吸引高素质的学生 , 学校必须有很高的质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论h2表达与胃心肌腺癌有密切相关 , 她2的阳性表达是胃腺癌的预后指标 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcr技术对两个细胞线中cxcr4mrna表达的表达及其表达进行了研究 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	尽管在纽约的生命保险公司中 , 美国寿命保险公司将资本提高为1555亿美元的美国寿命保险公司 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	如groovy或ruby这样的语言中构建脚本更容易阅读 , 更容易 , 还有更小的cutter , 编译代码 , 以及您的构建脚本可以更好 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马的秋天并没有摧毁了新文化最重要的十分紧张和重要的方面之一 , 罗马天主教教会仍然是新文化的核心事实之一 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西利先生是美国最大的联盟党 , 是一个80岁的抗议主义者 , 他花费了自己的生命宣布了共和党领导人 , 比如亚当斯这样的共和党领导人 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国的婴儿增长者正在降低退休 , 在欧洲 , 市场正在绿化 , 印度和中国大量的毕业生面临着真正高素质的候选人数 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年 , 新生电影 " chinatown " 是根据投机人员的内陆抓住的基础 , 以及在20世纪30年代的欧文山谷居民的水战争中战争的 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	在m11发动机测试台上 , 利用gb/t19230.62003指定的测试方法 , 研究了不同的油在空气输入阀和燃烧室中的作用 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果数百名海地人能迁移 , 那些多米尼亚、荷兰或萨尔沃多利亚人提示 , 海地将给经济带来巨大的困难 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记住 , 中国拒绝到日本的游客 , 并保持了三分之一的日军力量 , 防止他们被转移到其他合作力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我猜我说 , 即使我不会做出重要的直接金融输入到我们的家庭 , 志愿者工作很重要 , 但有些人付出了很多钱 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回大气越来越多 , </p><11周的老雨越多 , 共同吃 , 两个人在老周感到好信号 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	比如英国联合国的相对新竞选组将在节日加入传统的政治参与 , 包括贸易联盟 , 绿色和草原群体 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	采用双峰特征 , 指出了平北地区的均衡温度 , 这意味着在平湖水库中至少发生两次水碳填充 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	这种流体很热 , 由于上海古生物温度达到50°c , 至少增加了32次的碳酸盐岩的氢生成率 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	本文研究了高温蒸汽生产的自动溶液和压力烹饪器对绿茶中gcg含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧形轨迹的几何模型 , 并给出了其分析解决方案 , 提出了一种新的目标撞击分析方法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我看来 , 有一次晚宴会当然可以加强朋友的友谊 , 但不会忘记我们不应该放弃别人的痛苦 , 而享受自己 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	亭子由12个透明的橙色圆柱房子制成 , 展览的各种功能:会议室、信息发布室、食品站在和广告栏等 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中海文化年的礼物 , 全球文化大使最后举行在印度海洋美丽的阿希拉哥国家海洋海洋大使珍珠上 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业馆附近的城市文明馆 , 日本一直关注世界博览会 , 肯定不会失望你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧和东欧、澳大利亚、中东、东亚、东南亚和美国 , 我们每月都有规定的货物 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三十五条选择合同的有限订单可能会立即执行订单 , 或必须立即执行 , 或必须立即执行 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的忠诚为他的主权 , 江蒙珠是一位诗人 , 学者和著名部长 , 相信在朝鲜和朝鲜时期的儒家主义 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	女性的服装 , 装配 , 夹克 , 夹克裙子 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裤子 , 裤子 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部和短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	具有 " 大意义 " 的业务正在绘制一个声音 , 作为良好的信仰者或未来的蓝色印刷的描述 , 或指出未来的一代maz ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	结果发现 , gekogecko可以改善卵巢功能障碍性子宫出血、卵巢不孕等病人卵巢功能 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的探讨利用电泳检查法和访问神经的电泳检查 , 提高脑plexs伤害的机理和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	结合某些项目示例 , 计算了桥梁可导航宽度 , 并分析了几个建议 , 提出了实现当前导航标准 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这支乌拉队中有一个令人惊讶的离开了 , 马西佩里拉的伤亡时间将最后一分钟的比赛转化为荷兰的防守者 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月27日出生在亨廷顿的波普歌手玛丽娅·凯耶 , 到爱尔兰美国歌手和非洲一位工程师父亲 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地军队的平静的利亚松官员称 , 如果他们的旗帜飞行 , 他们就会面临严重的指控 , 或者打击行星 , 或者伤害他们 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 六天的战争记忆和以色列新鲜的阿拉伯思想 , 他因为亲吻一位犹太妇女 , 芭芭芭拉·斯里斯德在电影里 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄站在远处 , 沿着柔软的绿谷流过来 , 所有关于海洋的知识和三年的风暴和激情的孩子都有很少的知识 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品不仅表达了 " 抑郁 " 的历史和 " 平静的ci诗歌不稳定的灵魂 , 而且达到了当前事务的完美融合 , 以及ci的审美特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	最谦逊的帕丁森 , 由球迷们所承认 , 他仍然被用来到球迷赫斯蒂亚 , 当他在2008年第一次在第一次拍摄的时候 , 第一次拍摄了 " 真空爱德华 " 的电影 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	ocampo表示 , 当危机和市场价格上涨的时候 , 投资者看起来很便宜 , 预计收益在18至24个月 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 进一步削减 , 两者都希望 , 通过协议推进电池核不扩散条约 , 促进2010年5年的核不扩散条约 ;
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年7月7日 , 2010年7月7日 , 世界杯半决赛中 , 西班牙的卡尔普耶尔球场在德国进球进球 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	在恢复过程中 , 福特的信心增加了信心 , 表示 , 将开始推动其库存水平在最近几个月的4000辆汽车水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街表示 , 美国首相大卫·卡梅隆决定停止使用财政作为两个工资的个人摄影师 , 因此避免 " 公众发布的错误信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	由于在2010年2月选举的总统 , 元科夫奇在两个方向上移动 , 巩固自己的个人权力 , 同时也与欧盟采取经济整合 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 配备备备份 , 单杠液压盘前刹车 , 液压后脚刹车 , 冲压钢轮 , 冲压后刹车 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天的电视屏幕上 , 42岁的伊丽莎白 , 42岁的父亲面临着她的父亲全恐怖 , 每小时24岁的正确恐惧 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐将提高18500美元的皇家公园 , 为第二部电影提供场景 , " 桥琼斯:原因的边缘 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自从1956年英国独立以来 , 苏丹北部领导人在整个叛乱的南方扩大了他们的权力 , 但在过去的48年中 , 苏丹的一次民事战争 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这就是 , 直到十九世纪和十二世纪的伟大的考古发现 , 这是我们在东部的伟大文明 , 其中我已经绘制出了一个显著的生命地图 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福德c.伯恩斯坦分析师jeffreylndsay估计 , 雅虎的独立价值接近25美元 , 每股25美元 , 与微软或google.
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	突然他遇到了危机 , 我不会进入我们的银行 , 因为他们想赚更多的钱 , 以及我们的投资银行 , 华尔街头发布不同的抵押贷款 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品的副本总共分布381条 , 因此 , 把他们送到欧洲学者 , 杰亚迪瓦教授在他 " 引入马德米基哲学 " 的领域 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家isobekatshiro和mizunoryo继续遵循日本的理想风格 , 其中一个画了昆虫世界 , 另一个建造了它的鸟类大气氛 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有许多其他的旅游区 , 比如多里欧岛 , 莫普里奥州 , 达罗夫斯 , 科斯塔做soll , costaazurada等大多数游客都是未知的游客和当地类似的 。
