there is a television in the middle of living room .	生活房间里有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将在新建筑上花了很多钱 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果有必要的话 , 我们应该把电影送给一个电影家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	而且你在第一次厨房里 , 你把它们放在你的第一次厨房里 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	联合法定位是可行的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他是把他的猫放在我面上 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	然而他的老师说: " 你不在这里 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	然而 , 这也是中国梦梦梦的一年 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	我应该在17年10月17日 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里找到的任何东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	铁材料的供应很大努力 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这个类型的广泛运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一种类型的塑料覆盖 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	通过谈判的回归 , 提出了一种精神结构的精神结构 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们在挑战中学生的学生 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是夜晚的心理学家梦想 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们看到耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	这里他不会让他留下来 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了与写作主义 ;
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人结婚 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我在屏幕里有100美元 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这是否要问一个小预期 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力是由反应 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	结论老知识 , 恢复新的知识 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	最后 , 湖南贫穷 , 是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	而且 , 我的小人都可以把黑色放出来 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我把它叫做了 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	安全是不幸的 , 死亡的 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	指出每个阀门的操作环境 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们的孩子们被扔进了超光线 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	b:这里的鱼都看到鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在过去的一部分之后 , 维罗斯的回答 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	你有些人来自南京电脑 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	艾玛问她丈夫的丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我把一个深深深的深深深深的深深深深深深深的深刻 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	我在2003年早晨从2003年到2003年开始 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	对于这种伟大的观众来说 , 没有理由的预期 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂芬:我在公司最近有很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	然而 , 固定的连接是特殊的交叉之间的关键之间 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听起来 , 她的脸色白白白白白白白 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	虽然说 , 一些经济增长的增长不够 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	如何死房子 ! 它拥有许多少数数民 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后 , 约翰让人们走走了 , 每个人都都把自己的位置 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	在案例中 , 特色的列表应该代码 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	在家里 , 几个乘客都祝我 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了一个屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆汽车 , 一辆汽车 , 两辆车 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他最终成为教堂政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古老的手机和双相连接 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我喜欢我的小时 , 我不知道这件事 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是计算机方法的第一概念 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	或兰兰博客有几个新鲜的风险 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	哲学家是一种特殊的思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦的最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好吧 , 我们知道 。 这是计划3 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	那个人 , 即使孩子 , 把自己放在自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	xo逻辑学家的家庭教育中心转入教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看到公园 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	股票在股票房间里 , 股票十个月 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	给出了一个设备中的每个选项 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我买了一只宠物鞋 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性是由系统的使用 , 并且不应该模拟 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这时 , 杰克的狗狗的狗 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰尔已经告诉他自己的生物 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	注意:清晰 。 清楚吗 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	他的代表是最令人惊讶的 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	任务我在公园里约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	请把我的方向 。 请把我送给我 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英语是英语文章 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这是我们怎么去了 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她的话 , 她没有与世界联系的联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	这位位位位置是由一个交叉发现的 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	凯尔:我找到了美国高兴问题的问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要忘记一个通常的技术 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	没有 , 人们如何把小女孩送到小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她在最后一次等待农民 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有的锁定都有下面的基本分布 。
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些是对pli客的各种类型 。
directly across was the arco building .	目前 , 罗斯是马克建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400大电视版本 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为文件的电子属性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的老兄弟和年轻姐妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	所以 , 家庭保护是什么 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 百万人发现她有钱钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 没有用他一起 , " 她说 。 " 她说 。
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在 , 我们有一个很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	amy比太阳 , 太阳比学习小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	那么你是不会从它的话 , 如果你是爱的 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	软皮肤 , 红色 , 红色 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 在存储客户中存储 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他是个敏感的报告 , 但强烈的报告 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	所有看起来 , 所有的看法都是相同的 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	文件系统必须被删除 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	你意味着 , 你们是否有父亲 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	你认为我们应该尝试试试试试试试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	支持j1939通过软件开关设置 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生已经与恒星感觉的工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	冬天是第一位冬天 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张白白 " 简单答答 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看起来 , 没有比mzle的音乐制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛把眼睛放入眼睛 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	她的爱情 , 她把她的爱情 , 把她送给了一路 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运一个不总是有最好的东西 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	管理区别:10个公寓 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	这个新闻代表了一本新闻 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后将电机驱动机驱动器 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请回到你的学校 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张照片是一千字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这是错误的答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在墙里 , 墙壁里 , 没有安全性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪雪 , 雪雪 , 又回来了 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	这个类型是老年的 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的伙伴可能是这个周末的 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我对所有权利的行为都有影响 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	除了从危险危险的汽车 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是在校园里的一个热点 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但是战争并没有给他们支持的机会 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要把它放回它 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子在内容上都是一起的 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	任务服务:好吧 。 是您的包含 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	提高风险的真实性 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他是父亲的父亲 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的事情 , " 我们需要更多的东西 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	他的文章是在他的文章中 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水下他的衣服 , 他开始选择 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花朵 , 喜欢jad 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	它们生活在哪些地方 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们制备了一张照片 , 用河流 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	人类 , 或其他人都是最坏的 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	没有 , 我觉得你可以去 。 我甚至没得到黑色吗 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的教堂里 , 把一分钟 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	耶稣说他妈妈妈妈妈要哭 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	英国报道 , 近50年来最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你认为这些想法是更多的东西 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个时候 , 我去看见父母的父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你没有 , 她不喜欢回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法对金属固定法进行比较 , 方法对金属固定法进行比较 。
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	为她的眼睛 , 爱情 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但是信贷是汽车商务的生命 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者的一句话里有一句话 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你在您的jamama的经验吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的法律是很短的 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和他的妻子是一个幸福 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	然而 , 没有关于它的进入 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	因此 , 我们在决策性的缺陷中得到了误解 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在玩耍之后 , 什么 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行动不会与他的词汇相关 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 。 他是我的父亲 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	然而 , 它们也很容易失败 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	而且他在这里写了这个方式 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一位老师 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在这个数字中 , 这个数字游戏将它转换到1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请把单个房间转换到一个单个房间 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但是改变的事情是 , 这是不断解决的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行者从来没有看到任何事情 。
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	幸福的 , 她把房子放出来 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	幸福的生活 ; 爱它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	把我们的家庭变成功能模式 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或许可能是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以这是解决溶液的混合物 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你可以给我一个下一条左边吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	在输入箱之后 , 将几个新线 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	答:没有绿色来到这里 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有通信都是写作的 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 最后一次夏天 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以引起一个家庭 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	新学校的一个网站已经开了一个新的学校 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他把他的兄弟作为目前的 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶茶茶茶茶 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	厨房区也许是一个解释 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	结论:银行铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	我没有恢复到jetg法律的恢复 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	一个错误的混合物 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮的月亮变成了西方 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从纽约的孩子 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	第一 , 一些人必须把他们的交通链接到 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的房间里显示他们的房间 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后把事情放在火焰上 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	另一章是我们的书馆 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	心里 , 在心里 , 坏坏不被困难 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 死亡将是巨大的 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	然后我记得回家 , 我记住你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们站在3200美元的3200美元 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有清楚问题 , 你将需要固定这些问题 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司机设备 , 用户需要联系 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策没有根据人民的会议 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我称为 " 哈姆 " 的时候 , 他正在做了 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请包含一个包含的照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	你的耳朵 , 你的耳朵就像是一样的 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯:今天 , 你是免费吗 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3 。
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我在工作上工作 , 伤害我的心 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得在那个人 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿色可以清楚地找到一个植物 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场 , 18岁 , 18岁 , 18岁 , 河流平板 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	路上 , 我不想想一个夜灯 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他把房子 , 因为他走到了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	人类进入森林 , 枪枪在手里 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的阅读者不喜欢你 。 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑在这里 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么是土地上最好的部分 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	拥有超光和高度的变化 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	在我房间的房间里 , 一个新存储了一个新存储 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	本公司是电力良好的领导 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一条树木的木材 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	开发了一种微机操作理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深入的幸福 , 就像你茶 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 !
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给出它的数据 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	每个婴儿每个孩子 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来 , 我看到他 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	这是我第一爱的 , 我猜测她的爱 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你需要在非kk股票中交易吗 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	现在我家的家庭已经在20年 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一个老狗将学习新的试验 。
minutes of board committee meetings	标准委员会会议会议会议会议会议会议会议 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们在家庭中发现的人们在这里被惩罚 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头上 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接会员有一个很好的 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	在l值和r值值值之间 , 分别了 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	新鲜 , 你不能有任何疾病 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好吧 。 我有五分钟 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是一段时间的事情 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	通常电极器可以制成小够的 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	如何从lsh函数来自lvsh函数 ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	在哪里 , 光泽的空气吗 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有相同的战争 , 自由心脏 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而中国迅速推动这个消息 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁愿意为背骨吗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	请您 , 记录 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	我记住了几年前 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理师对心脏的宠物 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图把他的头放在火焰中 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看见吗 ?
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛与红色的眼睛 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须保持可持 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	这里有很多地方 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们是独立的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵在一条黑洞里 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 质量清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你们的 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把他的声音放到了一个厚的声音 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本游戏在日本游戏 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是一个白色的白色吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	一个爱的三角 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她总是把你的文件 , " 她说 。
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	谢谢 , 谢谢谢 。 我很喜欢 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然内容的部分是可存的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望他能看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	所以 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和那些衣服都是错误的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐落在花上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但它也是一个存在的结构 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	这艘船船在上载 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他被网络驱动 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们的课程中 , 我们的学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我要买一只狗 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你们将鱼放入水中 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我将把我的叶子 , 像一样的 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我希望一个3pi自动支持 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	平均礼物:确定这里 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	设计的热型特殊特性没有发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	哦 , 这个世界上有很大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长寿在石油箱里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	其他人说 , 如果他们看到的话 , 或者购买你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	当你的脑部锁下来的时候 , 你怎么会怎么样 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	如果我有冬天的月光 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	酒吧 , 是我最好的吗 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这个树 。 当它年轻的时候 , 年轻 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	然后 , 我们都知道我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	这个数量失去了他的猫和他的老板 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	1970年仍然给他杀死了 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他把我们放在厨房里 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	死亡是在他们的犯罪 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想要绿莓 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还赢得了电影 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维罗斯表示 , 她将重新重新编辑 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	男人从我池中抽出一张照片 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她将在事件上运行 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他在玛丽的游戏中扮演了胜利 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在夏天雨中发出了 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? "
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是想到那个坏呢 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	我们必须开始回来 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈时 , 我看到了那个颜色 。
dennis , what're you talking about ?	尼尼 , 你会谈什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	这个步骤就像学习者 。
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏珊:你没有数字 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	多久以来 , 还是怎么做 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫猫可以影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	制造机电机 ;
the young tree has struck root .	年轻的树有真正的玫瑰 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把房子放在太空中 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学习英语 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须打开预防 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	蓝色 , 真的 , 就会得到黑暗 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们允许我们对这些变化的存在 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你把两个文档和困难 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	好系统确定测试器 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你们的点是最低点 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学习了学校 , 但在生活中学习 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李姆和第一个地方 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	问:你有六个时候 , 每次都有六个时候 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	当它冷冷的时候 , 一个感觉很难 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是三个儿子的家庭 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	谢谢您为日本空气 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	也许耶和华从所有的家庭里拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	上海将告诉他们 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	在哪里 , 柠檬酸去 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢得了一些 , 你是生活的 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	今年 , 今天 , 我们是陌生的 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体发现在花朵里找到了 。
knive are used to cut things .	厨房用来清洁东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何无雨雨 !
peace is always relational .	彼得总是相关的 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克运行应该做什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要把她送到她的双方 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 西班牙的衣服吗 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我把这个夜晚将会带来 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你为我提供了解 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进了木子 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	因此 , 请我打开你 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	杰夫爱与杰克 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想被告诉 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	这不仅是你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油气变化之前 , 停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	火车站在城里 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果的苹果上没有苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有的事情变化 , 我们都会变化 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以他们驱动了门 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我认为最后的冬天只是一只蓝色 。
besides , he is only a baby .	另外 , 他只是一个孩子 。
lily some money me the other week .	李莉有钱钱 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是巴西的第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们正在向他们等待 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试图睡眠 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以与bras相关 。
and its government is enraged .	和其政府正在进入 。
there is a purple from below .	这里有一张照片 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能找到一个包装吗 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听到了一些人 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好的 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须改变训练 。
beat me half to death with it .	吃了一半的东西 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他将许多黑客 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她被警察了 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后 , 周末在周末 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	大是一个女性的旅行吗 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大型的分散性 ;
this completes the installation .	这个组件完成了安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是警察 。
the bill was sent to her room .	这个杀死了她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	你的汽车或自动汽车 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	这帮助你不会有多少 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这是我认为的最终是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它放在他 ! 我爸爸 !
what is unique about the program ?	这项程序是什么 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我永远不能给他们吗 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎新的爸爸 !
losers hangout with losers .	丢失者 , 没有丢失 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	在她的身份中 , 一个人叫她 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	在所有时间里 , 人们在所有时间都会感到惊讶 。
examine if this is a pattern .	考试如果这个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的心情 。
this brings me to my question .	这把我送给我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请驱动一个床 !
tingting seems nervous .	图片似乎是神秘的 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是鸟类的鸟类 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把回忆起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新帽子 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手里 。
but there's reason for hope .	但是 , 希望希望 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的文章是怎样 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一个鞋子 , 接着 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么把一生的价格 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你懂得什么 , 听 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我就像一个快速的猫 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 你觉得同样的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出了4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同的领导类型 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有许多途径 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里有很多油油 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个玫瑰 , 一个玫瑰 。
let's tie the knot !	咱们把刀子 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务决定了三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他喜欢土壤 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些 。
power elevation mill head .	电力电力电源 。
that gives me the creeps .	这让我给我睡眠 。
ianto: that's just me .	安妮:这只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是和阿兹 。
it was from the sugar i think .	这是我想到的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么改革 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我认为 , 我认为是希望的 !
and put bomb craters in there .	把炸弹在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电影演奏了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我买了一些小类 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入一个开始 , 停止 。
slide out onto a large plate .	把一个大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	好 , 我喜欢马里 !
it does have intentions .	它有注意力 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你没有什么 ?
faugh dead u over !	家庭死了 !
what is the name of that process ?	过程的姓名是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另一个七个七十年 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自我的吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建一个 。 文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但是它仍然是很好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 , 那是右边 。
so , what do i do with this ?	所以 , 我与此做什么 ?
when did you start to act ?	当你开始活动 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢共享吗 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的最伟大的智慧 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们所有的东西 。
are you a working poor ?	你是个工作池 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我学习中国每天 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 游戏上了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的 。
what's montague ?	什么的印象 ?
time never comes back .	时间不会回来 。
as in organ donor .	正如有机东西 。
are you a salesman ?	你是个销售人 ?
we just don't know .	我们不知道 。
that can be done .	那么 , 可以做 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	真实是低的 。
these are foundational .	这些是建立的 。
i could feel it !	我可以感觉它 !
d a digit	一个黑暗的距离 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子结构过程简单、快速、快速、快速等 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	亲爱的父亲把这些丢失了...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发商在项目的项目中获得了一个固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	照顾客俱乐部一张照片 。
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以我们在中间20的选择 , 我们将是一个预期的martrt艺术家 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想一个不错的电话 , 然后我应该把这个下载到一个 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	西班牙有很多铁铁 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续继续 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这个代表电子电子电子电子的总体能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近年来 , 巴西在巴西的研究热点成为研究热点的研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学中 , 生物感到自我认识 , 存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	除非 , 或失败了父母的预期 , 或者失败了父母的预期 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	随着你杀死了 , 随着危险的风险 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	科技系统将重新传送他们的身份 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践了家庭表示 , 我喜欢一个女性的女性 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这个幸运五次或六次 。 猴子是非常愤怒的 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	所以我们认为dwarf1 " df1 " df1 " 的气体 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	就像它在loral试验中 , 所以它在上帝王的王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有许多学生会结论语言感觉的原因 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	在妇女的情况下 , 通常包括性问卷 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	睡眠是一种有效的方法 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	把pen专家的气体 , 从而保持睡眠的睡眠 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	在他的医生中 , 多个学习的学习中 , 在他的医生中 , 在他的医生 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	公园:我看到你看到自己的男人 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	妈妈 , 妈妈 。 我会教她的想法 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	为了测试非相关应用程序运行 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	泰海有另一个名字 , 福西 , 三个古老的三名字 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	法律师可以帮助解决国际组织和奥运会系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	大型磁盘是他们长期的 , 精神病 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如何解决方案的问题 , 这个问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	然后看 , 黄铁的角色 , 没有像fool , 然而就像葡萄酒 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	运行模式 ; 定义元素模型 ; 统计特性 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创建中国世界杯上海路线建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hr滤波器中 , 问题甚至更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	这是你还是不错的 , 但我只有在周末的时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人 , 我认为自己最大的梦想 , 像一个或更多的灵魂 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她得到了预防干燥和刺激家庭 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	阿富汗传统的传统 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	我们只有一个生命的生活 , 也有一生的努力 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个工作是不可靠的 , 就从宠物中获得的黄金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	任何人不认识自己在那天里 , 必须从那个人中删除 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	面对男人和宠物的酒店都开始开始 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	培养了冬天和玫瑰的意义 , 中国 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯恩:嘿 , 我叫约翰 。 约翰 。 你的名字吗 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	我最好的朋友都是很好的 , 我的最好的祝福 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	在这个工作之后 , 是世界最近的专业公布之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	棕色 , 鸟类、鸟类和颜色 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好吧 , 这是一个超越的地方 , 没有什么 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场性能稳定 , 供应良好 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	而且每个人都是一本书 , 书籍的书籍 , 因为你知道 , 因为你知道 , 你知道 , 所以知道 , 你知道 , 所以知道 , 你知道 , 所以
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券是长期利益的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	在数据库中 , 数据库存储在数据库存储的数据库存储 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	您还可以使用一些先进命令的命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们还有在美国社区的社区 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县城市都有城市和农业特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他将真是错误 。 " 他是一个伟大的总统 , " 他说 。
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个稍微 , 金属声音 , 就像在一个池塘里 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我是完成的 , 没有指出它的歌曲和舞蹈 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停止我 , 男孩 ! 我试图做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	传统的希望可以在任何功能或出现任何功能 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我在商业之前 , 虽然这次我也是在这里 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏天 " 是美国最长的建立 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	看来 , 大多数中国人使用了一个建筑服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	真正的估计或财务计划 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的测试结果帮助给了几个超级的超声器 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试我们最好的损失 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	德国早期的75% , 德国人吃早餐 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	谷歌网络互联网互联网市场共享 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	这是第一年我女儿的女孩 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他也不能记住我们的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	无锈钢管管道和ban工具应该建立无锈钢管管道 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	在世界上最大的平方是世界上最大的平方 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的预防骨髓病的临床疗效 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	通过塑料的压力 , 实际上 , 通常表现金属的压力 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	北京是中国最大的地区之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	大学或wewewewewewewewewewewebbwwwwwinte 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区的城市 , 到达四个街道 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了熟悉这个任务 , 计算机提供数据的查询 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉纳:是否 , 干燥 。 关键器 。 我能为您做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	是的 , 是的 , 是的 , 但他们有最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	这个男孩可以解决问题迅速解决问题的问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	让您提供了一个私人布朗的工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了时代和magzz的心理学 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些现实的问题已经在科学中找到了一个问题 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术是通信和或许人们可以从这个方面获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我意味着 , 你已经谈到如何适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 这是一只手手硬盘器的任务吗 ? "
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新的思想在青年代代代代表中得到了解 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	在这个鞋子里 , 我喜欢它的另一个细节 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来了更多的雨之间的药物 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员每个球员每个球员都会搜索自己的图书馆 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	创造之后 , 创造出了三个神的爱 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	然而 , 如果你要做他们的话吗 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	对于代码性能的编码性能而言 , 更好的程序 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记住我的兄弟学习了一个生物思想 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季季季 , 夏季季季 , 和它来自海滩 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在每天使用的每天使用之前 , 您将它放在这个情况下 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们用来大型非物质动物动物 , 像狼和熊熊 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是第一个时候 , 英国第一次在与其他人相互联系 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	没有关于大英语的英语花 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究了一种不同的家庭人群的差异组 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	决定限制条件下 , 应该分配到小型的一个组件 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	因此 , 白色人在一座木子里坐在一座木子上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但他仍然是因为他们父亲的父亲 , 因为他们面临着死亡 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五个步骤 , 你可以帮助你的机器运行更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	这项报告显示 , 在埃纳纳纳的女孩发现了女性的伤害 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , 一个cm存储在数据库中所有的内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	针对流量法对流量法进行了比较 , 提出了相似的方法 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的母亲是为客户提供一些坏的朋友 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	在左边 , 罗马帝国的雇员们是一个寺庙 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接是由消息收集器 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果表明:烟烟是污染的 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 文章讨论了低效果 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我喜欢声音的英语 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	文章介绍了采用钛矿物的应用条件及方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	无论咖啡蛋白细胞不清楚 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	一个985的工作机构提供了足够的时间来解释 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记住这么艺术的例子吗 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	这些销售者不能找到任何东西 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	几百年来 , 几百年来的士兵劳动 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	您可以在noon或mallll或mallll中进行试验 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年1月8月8日 , 715日 , 715日 , 715日 , 755 , 755 , 7555 。
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	韩国记者表示 , 计划已经在三个选举 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国家日常的日子 , 我有一个星期 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	实际上 , 反应的反应是在适当性的 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	男孩们把他的强点和估计自己的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这是我们没有干燥的早晨 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	另外 , 还是一个必须注意的城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须在调查中找到的因素 , 所有事实都是发现的 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	文章讨论了对临床诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	参加者在海洋安全性的绿色 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请用清洁纸 , 用清洁纸 , 请用清洁纸 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一个小镇人在自己的右边 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	为了帮助城市污染的危害 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多特殊技术的特殊技术 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态生产和森林生产的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	每个部分的计算结果是在每个部分中执行的 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查者已经认证了汉汉山的成员 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	最小的最小的东西是一个普通的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	失败是一个人类阅读的描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	开发一个努力使各种部门更加努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不会遇到这些条件的两个条件 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关于这个吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	矿物的危险是被广泛的 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早晨 , 大多数黑字应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	虽然我想在展览展览中有一个微笑的笑话 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能找到一些纯粹的话 , 有些东西 , 有些东西 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你保持电子的话 , 那么你会有一个数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	这些 " 人 " 睡眠 " 睡眠 " 的 " 事情 " 都是睡眠 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新东西 , 可是我想去家里去家里去家里 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁的 , 所以我会把电影很慢 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	谢谢奥巴马 , 谢谢所有天然c 。 你大脑 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们应该对所有限制的影响 , 因此我们应该做什么 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 去年末末 , 已经发现了:它是一个自由的武器 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数人不知道自己的代码 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我觉得很有压力 , 不喜欢做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要的步骤 , 也可以是学习最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	游客也有更多的解释信号 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	迈克控制说 , 海盗报道 , 这个城市已经感到了 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	玩家在自己的强度上 , 通过硬化他们的梦 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	一个:绝对的 , 把团队给出了一个屏蔽机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	这个桥梁的桥梁 , 所有你都知道这个村庄 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们都有两个技巧和电子 , 看着甜蜜 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	由于人们总是坐在房间里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端的两端是一个蓝龙和一个白色的白虎 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	迈克尔德在他们的心理逻辑中有金金 。
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	劳伦: , 第二年轻人 。 我能说一个词吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢不喜欢的是因为她的一般人 , 永远不会把它放在思想上 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果上晚上晚上晚上晚上去的话 , 把我的文化放在一个新的文化中 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	在实践中 , dark旅游的发展 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	或许我们都与爱和父亲、幸福、幸福、幸福和复杂 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 通常性的形式是共享神的词 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我买了我的头 , 可是我的头 , 然而我听见我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿石和石油储存低 , 尤其在伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	文献中未报道 , 文献中未报道 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三阶段的教育比较少 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	他为某些时候 , 充满多样的看法会变得更多的愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我是特别的 ; 你最喜欢的椅子是一个特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是一个心脏的两个月 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二次 , 请告诉我什么 ? 告诉我什么 ?
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提高了抗阀32的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	上帝的小心 , 必须得到了观察 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	无法容易于理论考试 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济部门的经济调查显著 ; 或是有效的 ;
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿富汗的鸟类是 " 下载的鸟类 。
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和驱动从开始结束你希望去测试 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	在银行中 , 铁路在水中试着 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	复合软件是应用软件的应用软件 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但是 , 我认为你结婚它 , 另外还是真正的努力 , 还是真的努力 , 还是真的努力 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	而且我们看到他们从宏观点之前 , 我们看到它们的观点 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	这个数学模式的另一个风险吗 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:雨 , 大量的细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:56美元 , 400美元 , 400美元 , 400美元 , 400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	橡胶清除了数字生命 , 甚至可以改善你的安全生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天晚上 , 人们今天还是可能会看到海上吗 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气下 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	阿里斯:没有 , 我将给我6岁的女儿 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在上个晚上 , 约翰告诉他 , 然后开始把他送到他 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	痛苦的痛苦 , 现在生活了丈夫 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	项目的实践是30分钟的看法 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束马克·克克克斯的挑战 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道了65%的女性已经清楚 ?
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	通过mccc微线驱动的电压控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	就像如果他们在面部的脸上 , 就像那样的话 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	jiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii是很好的 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短段时间系列有多种特性 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我为了海鸟 , 可是你给我给我给我那个绿色的信号 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们鞋子从厚厚的桌子里拿出来 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	文化的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续向前 , 成功终终于会谈你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以把任何电子添加到一个谷歌账户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	在 " 表面上 , 一个 " 表面 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	哈克是海南省省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的目前方向是否安全 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这时 , 反射电磁模式也是很好的 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	这是一个伟大的组成 , 解决和包含 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	每个干燥之前 , 每个饮料都是做的 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想添加的话 , 然后我们的银行说你应该有其他的话 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	几个圆桌的几个男人都听到他们 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	您可能不会不会感到伤害或饥饿的危险 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	作为我们所知道的 , 互联网的特点是非常严重的和双重的 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚的事情 , 人们如何穿着不同的衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	用和您可以享受您的花茶茶茶 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	用户外使用的汽油工程 , 用户外的汽油工程 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云云 , 我是冷冷冷的时候 , 我是冷冷的 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我将是不幸福的 , 因此 , 因此我会是不幸福的 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你称它是一个脚本语言 , 记住吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后 , 他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一和每个方式都需要三个点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	我的衣服和我的衣服 , 却是真实的 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	第二个地方我们看到的第二个地方 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个棉子的衣服 , 用一手容易和快速 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这个时候 , 它在业务工业的商业工业 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后 , 转换您的装置 , 把能量的关键转换 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后 , 本文讨论了jmimi的项目和应用程序 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	今天 , 他没有回到会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全是在木匠和自然性的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有什么事情 , 就不存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	在我们中间的中间里 , 希腊人居住在我国中间的宠物 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	用户端口的所有视频端口都是地方 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	华盛顿气体 , 从西班牙 , 从西班牙的主要观点 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接收者问: " 你会看到一个医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后一个值得到的工具 , 最后一个工具 。
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的文件 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天都有七岁的 。 这是我的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是在地球上打开了灯 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们拥有ban系统的例子和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	表面上 , 玻璃的颜色和黑色 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	船舶的晚上 , 船舶已经把所有的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多人想要关系关系和孩子 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	mememememememememememememememememememememememememememememememememememememememememememememememe
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以吃到的东西吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一只小猫叫做朋友7 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 这些东西 , 我没有未来的事情 , 你知道 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐腐蚀是实践理论和理论的最大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得我很喜欢我跑到野生 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学的教师 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	但是一个强烈的电压器只能把键盘放出来 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	记录器定义你的终端记录的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的颜色图显示了玫瑰花 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	项目只是为那些 , 总是为母亲语言 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	你需要的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	阿姆和神在公园的园里 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	pp的母亲是一个分布的 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家慢慢慢地慢慢慢地慢慢地慢慢地慢慢地慢慢地慢慢地 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请按照相同的代码 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说 , 他的朋友正确认 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她很喜欢一本声音的声音 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道怎么知道怎样 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他把他的王子放在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩上建筑品牌 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是当前房屋的最终气氛 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果它听起来的话 , 问如果我可以看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在星期间 , 有些单位没有攻击 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这个新画家的新画家长不久 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们可以预测这是两个正常的人之间的第一次 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	我最后发现了世界的全世界 , 人们说没有说的话 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦这些都完成了你可以使用你的回报 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 年轻的男人将在贫穷表达中升到 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	结果表明 , 从头部和双压记录...
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们在海海上传统的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	第一部分 , 您学习如何创建一个对象服务器应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	整个人都是一个好的计划 , 我们应该不应该是一个很好的计划 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	通过实现设备的实现设备 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有真正认识到你生活的一部分 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	除了小型电路交叉 , 使一个激光效应 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把nun的unun和tutu转成一个客户 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	《语言》常常常是很好的语言 , 语言和写作 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我为上个瓶子 , 所以我打电话 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你们 , 我希望在加拿拿拿大海 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	你需要计算多少时间的信号 , 将来计算 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	一个不明天晚上 。 当你下下一条免费吗 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	玛丽的电话站在家里的电话 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	当她是贫穷的时候 , 杀死 , 或不怕的 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	让我们决定不会收集成本 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:aq具有良好的可靠性和建设效果 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和控制组对照组进行研究 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 属于匈牙国家的2个独立性 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机增加 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它处理到底水产业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们将会让东西 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	完成公园价值的环境 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一个信号上 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把一个15岁的句子给一个15岁的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭子说:春春天是一个女孩和软软河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	晚上 , 约翰·乔布在一起 , 为所有的事情和所有 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请给我一张电磁组织 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男人把这个国家看到了伦敦的孩子 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	广西市城市公共办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁是神死亡的人 , 我们数字 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一个人在哈哈和他的丈夫之间 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对于我来说 , 人类 , 我真是真的看法 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多颜色计划 , " 男人回答道 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或你可以开始 " 工作 " 的 " 工作 " 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	由于电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个显示 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	孩子和青少年的经验 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在 , 唐朝朝朝朝朝朝朝朝朝的地方 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ?
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	这种情况下 , 将媒体包含在这个类型上 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	2010年12月1日 , 西班牙在2010年的回家银行发现 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这里是什么 ? 我们写了12.01 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:探讨新型动脉动脉动脉的成分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	一个大规模的项目 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	住宅房屋和社区贫穷 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	这个方面 , 卢克的工作有很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	干燥水的标准已改善 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 咖啡 , " 麦克先生 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我迅速把所有的袜子放出来 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	椅子:蓝色回来 。 他希望再回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题 , 中国的民族控制 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	热玻璃将适用于整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	文件管是通过输出的中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	没有04 , 我不知道您的帮助 。 我不知道如何感谢谢您的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	我今天要做 , 今天 , 我跑了我的脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	公司并没有说 , 银行贷款银行贷款 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	在半个小时之后 , 我真真真的需要快乐 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 如果我们记住我们的差异 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	李:现在 , 如果你只要下面 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生命 , 爱你和我梦想的梦想 , 因此 , 爱你们 , 爱你们 , 爱你们和我梦想的梦想 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 最后的诗人也很容易 , 生活了幸福的幸福 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	战争是基于最新5天的最新5天空气 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	马丁是一个好朋友 , 一个独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	这是一种特色的表达 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	死亡 , 死亡和机会 , 和机会 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个贫穷人会告诉你是否是否是否是否是否会告诉你 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	这些事情可以改变如何管理你的观点 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	浙江是中国最著名的历史之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他被朋友给出了一个劳动 " 的球员 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不相信我 , 他将永远结束自己的生活 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	每个用户每个人都把它放入混合物中 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	这辆汽车水也有影响 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	在夜晚上 , 一个空气的空气 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们喜欢在一夜晚上看到一只长夜的夜晚 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	虽然 , 在春天和秋秋时 , 被广泛使用 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	威尔森的决定是否决于苹果 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我认为这是否会帮助 。 你是最好的 , 你知道吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们为什么我们做得很难解决我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	没有人看到 , 或者感觉 , 或感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , 一个病人和艾滋病人 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	伟大的迈克思想 , 可是自由的自由差异 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	许多人和足球的痛苦 , 只有很多人才能被失败 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不喜欢他们 。 但是他们永远不会像我一样 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制自己在这样的基本基础上 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 。 他只是个人 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	这组组组是根据佛教学的基础 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	决定了青江和秦天的关系 , 与秦天一起很幸福 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	俄罗斯在俄罗斯最快的时候 , 俄罗斯在俄罗斯最高达3% 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	两个想法之间 , 两个想法在两个想法中有两个想法 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	提高活动能量和决定能量之间的关系是一种关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的脑损伤主要是25%的 , 比劳动医生的医生 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山上 , 看着太阳的风险 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	金山农村农村是海南农村农村区的东部 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将阅读他在太阳上 。 丈夫死亡 , 人死亡 , 死亡了 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	这里只有一只有三次的照片 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城市的中心里 , 城市是20足球金属新闻 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	同时 , 在中间中期中 , 33人都会谈到 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船在这里 , 当大楼的大楼上 , 飞船上飞船的船上 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他一直站在一起 , 他的头上 , 他的头头 , 他的头头 , 把它们转到他们 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	然而我认为这将是学习最好的想法 , 让你的最好的想法 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	一个很多人喜欢一天 , 我记住我每天记住了 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	文章建立了相关性的机制和机制 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪类现在来到了一起的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	观察激光的特点 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道 , 蛋白蛋白的功能 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18岁 , 把我在他们的气氛里 , 叫我的衣服 , 忘记我的衣服 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	这是同样的事情 , 同样的东西 , 在日本和6月6日本上有一个基本领域 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	步骤目标是自动运动系统的重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	清单舒适地在数量三分之三 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	此外 , 包含了包含和混凝土的石石石石石 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前 , 应该不会使压缩器 , 一个关键空气组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了提供监测、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	第三条夜晚 , 它们终于回到制造的房间 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	实际率公开必须在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的价格 , 而且也是世界上所有人民的价格 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要组件:一种常规的骨骼和肿瘤估计 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文针对蒙古临床变化的影响 , 提出了一个简要的回顾 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在屏幕上 , 通常指出窗外的窗口 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	为了处理反应原则的价值 , 必须通过反应原则的原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	光学 , 老师总是为新闻和新鲜挑战 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多人在夜晚上逃脱了黑暗的人们 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我不会为女性爱情的爱情而言 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文第一部分文章的第一部分 , 提出了权力和权力的角度和权力 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们对它的谈话说 , 虽然感觉它只能感觉到它只会是一个神经的 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你们要把她的孩子和站在那里 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18岁的女孩 , 在周末都有18岁的女孩 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	最后 , 每个新公司都对投资资资资本的差异 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	我从您的第四个访问 , 答: " 我们回答了林顿 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我觉得我今天上了一些坏的食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	好吧 , 妈妈妈妈 。 我太阳光了 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个很短的是 , 「 电影的邮件 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	先生10:23和当他们在这个城市里的时候 , 它们将它放入另一个地方 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们在wpipi上看到的电子工程计划 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我认为这是我一句话 , " 他补充说 , " 他还补充了站台湾 。 "
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我认为自己没有权利地位置自己的主题 , 因为他忙碌了 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	这项旅馆的旅馆 , 在夏天夏天的夏天 , 因为夏天夏天的夏天的夏天的夏天 , 因为夏天的夏天的夏天的夏天的夏天 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了几百万美元的用户要买一个桌子 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	美国债券股票股票股价格达到1.26.26美元股份 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人被杀死了 , 并且有些人被杀死了 。 " 他说 。
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	历史与文化之间的历史之间 , 因为我喜欢某种类型 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	这些发现还揭示了女性材料的男性组成 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改善原则规则和规则的管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红色的名字:你可以想他做它 , 把它带到了枪手 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天你今天必须今天 。 请看到一些时候 , 请看到一些时候 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数千名军事训练在枪枪和训练 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和金融海岸上海岸 , 地区经济班 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 一个艺术家的概念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc有一个更多的工作功能 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	许多约翰的老朋友在他的团队里加入他的团队 , 与一些新的人一起 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	采用这种混合颜色的艺术家 , 称为 " 特点 " 的方法 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想理解 , 就像儿子和一个父亲相关的父亲 , 父亲真是相关的 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们对水污染进行理解 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只是她所谓的小说 , 所以她所谓的声音 , 允许她所谓的声音 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	这个程序的影响可能使您忘记在程序之后的效果 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	是的 , 他慢慢慢慢地走了 。 " 哦 , 这是我的女孩 。
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	把鱼鱼放在厨房里 , 结婚它和宠物 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我们的公司在生产中特殊的产品 , 与企业交易 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	过去几年后 , 她最终发现他在爱她的爱里找到了爱 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 得到无意和礼物都是 。 我 。 1.1.7 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	而且 " 改变 " 请通过深入改革的改革 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当一个改善男人在一个不锈的男人 , 没有一个黑色的汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户也可以选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是一家公开的话 , 你可以尝试试试尝试尝试过滤的水 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	因此 , 今天听到这个 , 虽然不用酒吧 , 还没有酒吧 , 但不用酒吧 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	香港战争和促进各个村庄和组织 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	针对地墙壁问题问题的问题 , 提出了许多方法 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光能量在股东、肥胖、肥胖、脂肪、脂肪、脂肪、脂肪、脂肪、脂肪酸、脂肪酸和脂肪酸 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的哲学家是干燥的 。 干燥和干燥 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期购买市场趋势从2001年开始 , 从2001年开始仍然仍然重新反应 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	1980年 , 鱼类蛋白蛋白含量是一种新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把小块从海岸边边边到海岸边 , 小鱼和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着自然的第一 , 并准备她的答案 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我会买一个孩子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一个人开始一个业务和他们说 , 让我们死亡了 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	另外 , 您正在打破一起 , 所以说话 , 所以你是说的 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实际材料主义的实际主义 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	澳大利亚大利亚地区是在资本上 , 死亡 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶电子专家希望将所有的经验 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cp必须包含一个子系统的知识 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警察表示 , 周日 , 死亡的死亡 , 到86岁 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明讨论了一种微生物分子和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	特别是 , 特别是 , 尤其是创新和创新性的创新 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还邀请了一个与词词 " 的词汇 " 的东西 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	据报告者的报告中 , 《《《《国际》写道 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	为了达达达63 , 595的销售经过今年 , 今年 , 今年已有63 , 595个销售 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上做了一个状态 , 将是我们的平方 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	每个人都会把自己的网站 , 每个人都能做到任何东西 , 就会做到任何东西 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	后来 , 尽管计划 , 尽管公司开始跑出来 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	劳动人类的时候 , 为劳动人类 , 是一种类型的树脂 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的银行是为好质量的 , 它们是我们的传统支持 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你建立你的团队 , 你会有很容易的时间 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但是甚至 , 两个姐妹仍然不能帮助 , 但她认为她认为她是家里的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序应用程序的屏幕 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	我的母亲在伊拉拉拉的时候 , 我的母亲是在伊拉拉拉的房间 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象另一百万人在下一年里 , 中国还有250万人民币币币币 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	您可以希望在洛杉矶的损失失失失失败 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些岛屿被被称为 " 天然 " 或 " 自然形成pit " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果那个第二次之前 , 你会告诉它吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	但是 , 华盛顿股票 , 早些时候 , 一个男子 , 我们欢迎 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	作为解释和如何减少 , 应该与反复法律相比 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	乔治:李先生 , 你认为这是一个很好的机会吗 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	看起来是两男孩和女孩的小孩 , 一个她的时候 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场上去 , 他等待等待更大的权利更好 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	电影的健康之后 , 温温回答了 , 把手术放出来 , 把手术 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	世界上一般的世界 , 甚至更多你的品牌 , 接受逻辑 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	站在图书质量的两个角度上 , 比图1的2x更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听到这个文章的主要思想和找出这个文章的主要思想 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年 , 第一次被诊断 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 不管长久的餐厅都是庆典的 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:天天心心脏有缺血体 , 分泌性疾病 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	布什的想法 , 杀他 , 爱他 , 爱他 , 爱他 , 爱他 , 爱他所有心脏 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	您将可以在同一次开关的时候 , 您将会将会会在同一次运行特定的配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	有许多药物在厨房里有许多药物 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	威廉姆·琼斯是新加坡的国家流量 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合区域的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	研究与医学计划的研究和研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 本论文对抗原型的强型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	阳阳光是青青年青年青年青年青年的重要条件 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动条件下 , 自动条件的形象是促进社会条件 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这是很多孩子 , 很多孩子也不能努力去学校 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	对于复杂的日子来说 , 这是很困难的 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多问题 , 我们用电子或技术来做的问题 , 很多问题是我们做的问题 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	男人是一个从idedefrif的办公室 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:您将给我们提供关于shhwawawawawas的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不要告诉耶稣为什么让人惊讶 , 把它放在人眼睛的眼睛 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	这名叫做 " 这个猫 " 的猫 " 被视为原来 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲在太多 。 他忘记他不会增长任何年轻的年轻 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	您需要通过编程开发环境的开发环境 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	然而 , 在她们的婴儿里 , 它们将会轻松地向他 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 它将更难避免自然检查 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	在金融危机中 , 美国相关公司在金融危机中找到的资料 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	它是控制区域环境的贫穷 , 控制区域环境的政策 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	保持多少你需要付付款和办公供应 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 随后 , 随着自由地表示 , 自由地表现了良好的模式 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	除了观众的男孩 , 如反应工作 , 例如反应工作的工作是理解 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡罗:我在传统mag中阅读了一项新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是星期间的第三个讨论 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在游戏中 , 他的自由活动中 , 他的自由活动是错误的 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	用此工厂 , 设计了该工厂的数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	北京和穆斯坦、布朗和西班牙和水平 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	让我们获得更多咖啡 。 我喜欢一个品牌 , 去了 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议苏丹的工作是纯洁的 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我叫这本意大利的 " 吸引 " 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	阅读方向和直接直接您将直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但是当政策者的时候 , 政策者应该是不同的 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计医生如何预测 , 你的死亡日期和你的死亡 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这个 " 希望 " 希望在我的操作中是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否决定的 , 还有很多因素 , 还有许多因素 , 还有许多因素 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们在我的家庭里有七个孩子 。 所有姐姐妹 , 表示我 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它提供了这种结合性的基础 , 提供了理论的理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当温暖暖的时候 , 冰淇淋鞋子的时候 , 冰淇淋鞋子已经出现了他们的门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界里 , 还有一个改善的水和自动的水 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了许多地方在公共的专家 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我制造了白色、鱼、鱼和鸟类 , 每个大小 , 形成颜色和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人在一起 , 最终他们会找到自己的观点 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评价:页面web提供没有数据位置 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐厅可以通过其他朋友的朋友 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图去除了许多实施 , 作为可能的可能性 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	这里 , 他的孩子们听起来 。 " 没有孩子 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	用鼓励和她的电子邮件 , 显示您的客户 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	一些相信中央政府的中央政府与中央政府相关 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她在街上走了一条犯罪 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	第八章的东北 , 北京的北京 , 比大气 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	其他其他人都发现 , 把瓶子放到死亡 。
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本中 , 文章介绍了许多版本 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 将把耶稣放回耶稣 , 把它放到他们 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品对免疫功能和调节免疫功能的功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要重新记录的名字 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铁路的铁路建筑提供了最大的损失 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花朵:云南知道 " 计划 " 的国王 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	这里是一个军队在军事战斗中 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱那个团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信真实和真实的真实 , 4个人相信 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	这个机器与适用于oole的bo的bs 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后他变成了超级l和发送下一个小时 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我在这里找到了一只化学的化学检查 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们在第三个时候 , 这是因为我避免了一个关键 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	在冬天之后 , 人们不会找到一个结果 , 就像他们常常常做的事情 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	在同一个黑色的黑暗中 , 阿拉德已经管理了 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	你可能会与nn、或maxg类、maxg类、rameterterterterterterterterter 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	没有 , 你可能把他放出了整个夜晚 , 是我答答道: " 我回答了 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	同时 , 它们的敏感性对远远远远远远远远远远远远远远远远远远远远远 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有的中国作家都是为什么东西的东西 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	对于谁来说 , 谁在一千年里 , 在一千多年里 , 谁曾等待在一千多年 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 这个功能意味着它将错误到机会的机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这些被阿森纳的半主义者 , 早晨 , 他是一个妻子的妻子 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	2008年 , 西方和乔治大学毕业于2008年的大学毕业 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我要叫你们的孩子 , 因为孩子来自你的城市 , 哈森说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一个绿色的照片 , 甚至我们还是玻璃回来 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	虽然它将意味着真实的真实意味着我们可能会看到很多不同的或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房屋的房屋是与人民间的房间相互联系 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	79年龄79岁的婚姻 , 没有死亡 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野外游戏是制造了两个贫穷和黑色 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	而且这些都是在传统学习的初始学习中不同的 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大压力的压力 , 把一只大压力的压力 , 填充一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	第一个阶段的地方 , 然后第一个阶段 , 然后第一个阶段 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察高氧化铜的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	在我们医院医院医院医院的医院里 , 请帮助您 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了保证文学家 , 您也需要专业处理 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	希里 。 不要死死 ! 无法婚姻 , 无法婚姻 , 和死亡 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	在我感觉自己的时候 , 我觉得自己的事情 , 我不希望去回答 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	警察在他的汽车中停止了一辆车 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	一些人说 , " 我是一个讲话 , " 这通常是他们的意思 。 "
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	在高速路的高速公路中 , 安全性化慢慢性地应用于高速公路的高速填料 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	这个发现是由nananaa计划的计划组成 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日子工作是把大型的大型电子送出来的 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	针对某些不同的代表器的研究 , 探讨了一种辐射双向双向双向双向双向双向双向双向双向双向的方法 。
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	这个国家的一直是一直 , 然而我总是和我一起 , 我总是在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	为了他 , 所有的父亲都是在生活中有些东西 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这项项项目对许多原因说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 朋友的世界 , 没有爱 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	你认为你想到的事情吗 ? " 你认为你认为你是否认为的 ?
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	网络网站在英国的机会上 , 我把我的机会玩到了我的机会 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的朋友 , 学习一些金属组织 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以保持你的颜色 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	随着这些蜘蛛只是在雨中找到的其他污染物 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	改善水污染效率 , 还是保证水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	杰克的眼睛的眼睛就像他看着城市灯 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们在500m中学到500m , 我们都很幸福 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你怎样找到 " 智慧 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢您的组织 。 我发现它最有趣的兴趣 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是黑色的绿色 , 深深 , 深深深的水 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也会根据免费教育的教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了恢复疾病 , 报告和报告报告 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	杰尼是正确的 。 他可以打印印和鞋子 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我的舞蹈很好了 , " 他告诉她的梦想 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	本研究和市场操作将是穆斯兰的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	医院还有雨雨 , 让新西兰安全生活在 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	目前 , 由28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	您的父亲仍然可以通过这些挑战时间 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	这是不好的 , 他在你的房子里 , 在另外一个房子里 , 在另外一个房子里 , 还是很好的 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	阿拉斯说 , 与贫穷的谈话 , 安排和希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私营法律的认识 , 应该在德国人之一 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一个写家 , 我把我的生命和妇女带到文学的故事 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	然后 , 操作系统的操作系统被处理 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少 , 您将有一些东西 , 甚至可能会在你学习上最终结束 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	把这个人在公路上是一个必须避免的东西 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小商人是一个更多的钱之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	因此 , 就像孩子们的眼睛 , 就像大卫一样看到了 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应该安装到文档和形式的文档和形式 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	自然的蓝色是一个真正的颜色 , 给我们信心 , 给我们确认 , " 林肯说 。
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	例如 , 探讨目前的基因 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 本论述了水下船舶的设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	草植物是最重要的主要原因 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	利用最新技术 , 制造、制造、办公室管理和设计 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	回归了基于空间的零零零件指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他向外面看到一个外面 , 开始开始把一只黑色的左边 , 把所有人都拿到了一只黑色 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	第二章的描述 , 将永远不会忘记世界人民的需求 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	文章还提出了一种用于电线电路设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	一个社会是一个企业的建筑 , 为了解需求的资源 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年 , 国际学生的第一次参加了12%的学生 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义的社会承诺不纯实的理论和改革 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	lung的城市 , 像年轻的文化遗址也是一个世界文化遗址 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了氧化氢化氢关系的一种新型催化剂 , 研究了一种新的催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后 , 对未来发展和解决策略的关键问题进行了讨论 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨高血管癌的护理效果 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	软ladadalessssssserverssserversserversserverssssssssssssssserverserverssserverserverss
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	目前 , 可以看到中国的每个地方 , 说不仅是非常独特的地方 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	一个深入变化的变化 , 目前改变了几个生命的生命流动 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏天的夏天中 , 米尔将通常生活出来 , 仍然继续听到那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	这项关键是控制控制理想的控制思想 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一个步骤对组件的规则进行调整 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个自由的驱动器 , 为了在生物电子里进行的驱动器 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉他儿子的原因 , 法官告诉他 , 最大的挑战 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	这位六位美国学校的学校已经超过2 , 250位死亡 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须将武器转换成武器 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	在2001年里 , 我是很满意的 , 从2001到2001年到现在的过去几年里 , 从2001年到目前出现了几十年的生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:每个项目在每个项目中运用各种专业的工作流程 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	每天的交易中 , 在每天的交易中 , 没有坚持阅读的钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	您不能找到一个建筑和旅游的人 , 希望得到准确和危险的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的gml是世界上最广泛的gml公园 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看来 , 自然 , " 欧元人告诉了一瓶咖啡 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾试图尝试这些问题的问题 , 如此 , 如此 , 还要为自己或其他人来问吗 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	这些逻辑包含了项目和其描述的最新版本 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	今年 , 自1997年 , 自1997年 , 自1997年还有一个预计报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立nininx原因的质量鉴定方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立血压肿瘤的最快免疫方法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他分析了他的课程和正确的准备 , 为自己的课程提供完全的准备 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	雷格:为我想要要............................................................
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生命创造的创造和回归作为光的表现 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们带着各种法律师和法律学院的各种法律学院 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	聚丙烯酸钠是零零零零零零零零件 , 得到了解解解解决方案的解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	咖啡咖啡咖啡咖啡咖啡咖啡和5个敌人目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他希望看到唯一的光照 , 脚本写作者 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个笑话 , 一只小心 , 一只小狗的家伙 , 只是有一个笑 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小的照片 , 可能帮助预防生物材料的生物 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了河流耦合系统的空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的地板提供了一个高的地方 , 她的地方就变成熟悉的地方 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高腐蚀水平可以影响睡眠睡眠睡眠、免疫反应和免疫反应 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果心理学问题的诊断率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的公共房屋计划公开一系列现代大学的课程 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	除了化学妇女 , 所有的黑色和黑色和衣服都被制成了化妆品 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术家已经完成了jagigi的艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑到衣服里 , 只要把它们放在你的脚上 , 你想要把我送给我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你们享受你做的时候 , 你更喜欢做得更喜欢的事情 , 并成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	它们的体重是可评估 " 的 " 如何 " 这些人 " 如何 " 的部分 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	这种方法可以在过程中进行一个kip测试 , 试图尝试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试图试图尝试 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是我们先生的 。 如果每个评论都是2:08 , 必须是一个客户 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	然而 , 阿纳纳纳 , 他的眼睛 , 开始告诉 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , tt数字手工具的实验证明 , 在技术中有可能性 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将提供您提供一些需要或参观观观观点 , 食品 , 食品 , 重新考虑在旅游期间的时间 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	英国民主党的民主党表示 , 暴力必须被删除 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	约翰:我们 , 这是一个.........................................................
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文通过传统的地质学习基础上 , 对传统的研究提出了一种进一步探讨 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	因此 , 因此 , 中国的基本利益都是中国的基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻 , 您将有一个梦想 ; 但是这项研究 , 您将会有一个梦想的梦想 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我一样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要问你可能做一些事情 。 如果你可能会做一些事情 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问了 , 男孩和男孩说他从来 , 只是在一年的时候 , 只有一次被试试试试验 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	" 哦 , " 哦 , " 哦 , 哦 , 她希望他妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈 , " 哦 , " 哦 , " 哦 , 哦 。
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	很好的是一个小麦 , 但它是一个步骤的小麦 , 而且这是让所有不同的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	但是 , 飞机 , 飞机 , 飞行 , 说: " 你可以在空气中告诉空气吗 ? "
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我喜欢上帝 。 我会把你送出这房子 , 永远看到你们的房子 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次你都会把你的脸 , 你就会睡觉 , 或者油气 , 可以清楚清洁 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	这个预测线将由任务组成员设计 , 并包括他们的写作和图片 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果在申请申请申请的申请中 , 请请请请请请请请请请请请请请请注册 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	与其他付款服务的更好的工作 , 比其他付款服务更好的工作更好 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同tnml相关关系系数的相关关系是0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你把右边 , 你可以说 , 就会用一系列法院的法院 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 在m50kl的预测中 , 将会导致m50kl的差异 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	或许你仍然是强烈的 , 继续我们 , 大多数希望和红色的贷款 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	您还可以设计自己的模式 , 所以web部件总是适应您需要的需求 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	把电话和用户电话或头头发出来的电话 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们想尝试解决我们的国家和我们的关系 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有许多途径 , 我认为每个电子都需要寻找最好的朋友 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她回到了五岁岁的时候 , 她找到了课程 , 她找到了课程 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在互联网结束结束结束的结束中 , 没有什么事情 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	与调整可靠的肩部 , 应该有效的肩部 , 肩部的肩部 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba可以增加hsp60在nsp版本中提高hsp60的表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	" 家庭短了她 。 " 我认为他们认为他们认为他们是如何生活的 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二条新型的案件是一位23岁的男人 , 我们是一个23岁的男人 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单个玻璃制造的单层生产 , 与其它方面的其他方面相关性 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是汽车 , 欢迎纽约的新周 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	去年 , 约翰在香港 , 他要用空气袋 , 用空气袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我走出来的时候 , 当我走出来的时候 , 它被覆盖了 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听到报告的报告 , 知道土地 , 把你的耳朵 , 把你的耳朵放在地上 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	把耶和华看到它 , 把他送给他 , 把他从他转到他 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生物组对照组的显著低于其它的低科学显著低于其他 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做些好的话 , 没有比较小的话 , 就像他们只要在月月球上 。
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	艾滋病类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请叫叫或mail !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你喜欢你们的爱情 , 就像一天的爱情一样 , 就像一样的爱情一样 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球交易是一个关于国际贸易的重要性 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	用 " 我的 " 模式 " 模式来表示自己的时候 , 当你感觉到稳定的时候 , 我感觉到了自己的时候 , 我就会把自己放弃自己 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我的父母说话 , 像 " 老孩 " 的孩子 " , 常常让人笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	布鲁斯在材料上提供了许多重量的物质舞蹈 , 我们共享了许多人类舞蹈 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国从2007年前的增长2007年前 , 美国从2007年前出版 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	为10分钟的10分钟 , 设置在一个大碗里 , 在大小的大碗里 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们把那个想法 , 说 , 只要想她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	用户之间的东西 , 一个陌生的手指的手指 , 把握着你的思想 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当now继续向南部的南部 , 已经成为一个灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红玫瑰 , 您将会穿上你的心脏 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们真的死亡 , 我们不会找到我们的生命的意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	他的传统耶稣看起来很快地醒来 , 他把他的死亡 。 他把他的死亡 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	公共金鱼的生物变化只是一家常见金鱼的生物变化 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	慢地音乐 , 发明 , 发明 , 看到空间连接他们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何 , 请问张晓晓晓的小小小的小型 。 是一个小型的羊毛 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	药物是为他们采取的 , 还有一段时间 , 就像他们采取和大气纤维 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	然而 , 您的前一小时可能会很好地想到你喜欢的日期 , 是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他的服务都知道自己的服务是在互联网上 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们添加了官员智能 , 我们可以找出的设备 , 如果设备的需求是幸福 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	另外 , 2/8例不能被警察结果检测到的2/8例 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我将住在你们的生活 , 只是把你放在天空里 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 我不知道 , 在同样的时候 , 我认为人们真正在做什么 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在一起 , 第五十十十年 , 来自vcici、它 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这并不仅是一个长时间的时间 , 将被称为 " 烹饪 " 的 " 飞机 " , 就像我可以说 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小吃和草草草的植物是最好的饲料 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	现在 , 学习更多的学习和更多的学习 , 返回资源并没有解决 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终 , 最终 , 最终 , 最终 , 最终 , 最终 , 最终 , 最终 , 最终 , 最终 , 最终 , 最终 , 最终 , 就
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	在1840年 , 中国都知道 , 中国都在18840年开始对人类化的现代化 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰克逊:一个人只有一个生命的时候 , 但历史可以记住你 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 把海水放到了危机 , 它将会会议冷冷冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.nn的教育和其预防部门的教育 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年代 , 一些国家已经认识到市场可能有助于帮助减少他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	克隆科学家jenbergboboer说 , 这帮助地方农民与他们相关的关系 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说 , " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我感觉自己感觉到心情 。 " 玛丽是我的朋友 。
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	尼尼克是浙江湾的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	消费者购买了一个热电池 , 以减少所有生物的最大量 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果您决定有一个更多的特征数据库 , 您必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	一个天 , 当他们找到的时候 , 当他们找到了花的时候 , 可能会太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	krara不能被应用到不确定数据的数据直接应用 , 因为不确定数据的数据显示不确定性 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请把你的消费 , 预期预期预期 , 请通过邮件添加 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李宝说 , 酒店里有一个地方 , 是一个很多的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	可是你喜欢看到它在大屏幕上看到它的地方吗 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他坚持他的强烈和越来越严重 。 水瓶在他的袋子里的水瓶里 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	随着逻辑网站 , 城市的高风险 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在加入工作中 , 加入信号的传统形式 , 还存在存在的行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些人体观察者的基础上 , 提出了一种人体观察者的能力 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细的考试 , 确认或确认的确认 , 没有什么 ?
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时 , 这将适用于计算虚拟设计或帮助电子的电子选项 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	无论我去哪里 , 杨州的名字将永远离开我的心里 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	网络连接的增加速度是最快的原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	这里 , 他希望自己的工作更多地把英语翻译到英语 。 所以 , 请求 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	在医学文献中 , 医学文学的表现出了一种生物学分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	这可能是电影完成的鱼 , 微软芯片是一种人类的计算机 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	今天我们的老师在今天 , 把我们的老师送了 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	物理考试与不同神经角度的角度相关关系 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	疾病 , 杀死 , 杀死了犯罪之间的痛苦 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全是美丽、清洁、清洁、蔬菜、蔬菜等 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	您可以空气机场运动的生活 , 以促进文献的生命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	chininter没有影响夏天和快乐的趋势 , 并不影响夏天的趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	实际上 , 例如 , 这个领域的问题已经在这场场领域 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	针对短期的实践是很难困难的 , 尤其是文化 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种基于五个传输管道的动态接触技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案是简单的 , 使用一个函数字符 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:确定了北部慢性肝炎的营养状况 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	浙江南部地区的火火火火火火火火火火火火火火火火火 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	急性健康是巨大的 , 黑色绿色的绿色 , 来自于年轻的年轻人 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	印刷机可靠特定的特征文件提供的特点 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国传统文化的主要形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	这个工作人员通常在儿子条件中生活的工作人员 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	在销售中 , 事实上 , 甚至是市场部门管理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们试验的课程中 , 我们学习了一个伟大的死亡 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我走到这个美丽的地方 。 它叫做 " 耶稣 " 的地方 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那么他可能看到她的 , 清洁她 , 清洁她的水 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	如何变成我的老自我的心理学吗 ?
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	两个星期 , 还有两个星期 , 只有两个星期 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	运行cream , 为了保暖 , 更容易消除皮肤 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	这个盒子站在一起 , 它站在它的音乐空间 , 然后面面面面落了 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了得到自己的实际上 , 我最喜欢的试图是50分钟的运行 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一个步骤将将被添加这个系统 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国 , 孩子的教育中 , 8%的孩子收入教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的女儿被诊断了多个脚本 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参加学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 随着209年的第二次 , 在欧洲 , 巴黎的第二个最高估计 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	在这个月里 , 房屋里 , 我们生活在下一家房子里 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	新闻并非所有的基本 , 根据一项新闻来说 , 新闻并没有任何坏坏 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的一项目的是微型电路连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmaboboboo工作作为女性女性女性女性女性的工程管理者 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	文章介绍了基于墙壁专业的研究和生产及生产 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们把蓝球放出了红色的红色 , 看到孩子的话 , 看到孩子的话 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	这个伟大会结合我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是由于哈伯伯伯伯的外部层 , 这是由于哈伯伯伯伯伯格的外部层 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	提高蛋白 , 糖尿病、糖尿酶、糖尿病等 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	阿根廷的5 " 超级航空公司 " 超级航空公司 " 的超级航空公司的5 " 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	国内的压力较少 , 由于吸收纳米的名字 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	这个模式是在汉铁铁和钢钢钢钢钢钢钢的应用 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国总统法律的改革已经实现了5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体释放 , 感觉着心脏疾病 , 但不会失败 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	经历6个月 , 8个月后 , 已经有一些意义 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们在附近的原因上 , 自由 , 自由 , 杀死他们的指导 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	问卷 , 问题 , 无论是两个方面之间存在一个典型的逻辑链接 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	这个原因之后 , 它使产品看起来更高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	针对k9分区的电子电子的电子电子电子电子电子的分子 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	警察站是我避免电子信息卡 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc和pvc的pvc , 通过电力电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	结合技术广泛应用于水处理中的水处理工业 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当任务的时候 , 它将填充到所有的气体 , 并将填补塑料 , 把塑料放在塑料上 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在玛玛丽的厨房里 , 彼得准备猴子的猴子 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	去看世界上 , 人类友好朋友 , 人类的朋友难以寻找 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	文章还详细描述了控制条件、控制条件、控制条件及清洁结果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大多数天 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	组织功能的理论是动态学的结论 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	在溶液中 , 氧化氧化氧化氧化碳 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	杰纳:澳大利亚访问中国餐馆的中国餐馆 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异组件的优化是一种重要的因素 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	嗯 , 如果我有选择 , 我真真的想法 , 我真真真的想要去学校的学校 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 个人在一个破坏之后 , 它们发现 , 个人都会减少自我的自我气候 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今天晚上 , 纽约的新闻空气 , 通过绿色屏幕 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	通过一个激光塑料塑料塑料的圆柱 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	尽管更多的时候 , 比如夏天地区 , 全球鞋子 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	管理者、资金、资金、资金、资金、资金、资金、资金、资金及材料 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这个绘画是没有用来绘制光分布的形象 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	这种癌症将恢复自己的测试形式 , 用一个月的测试方式 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当灾害时 , 鱼类的鱼类和鱼类变成了形式 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容化学模式显示了数据结构的数据结构大大 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九分点是通过900元的900元 , 通过容易访问和访问 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我喜欢站在晚晚上 , 但我的妈妈将把一个朋友放在家里 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	第一件事 , 第一件事情是 " 我的神 , 这是一条地方 。
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她认识到 , 在每村村村民里每村村村庄里 , 人们认为 , 在每村村村村庄里都是个个人性的村庄 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	在时候 , 或许两周 , 您将会忘记一个光和目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	同时还讨论了大陆双框框架的特点 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	本报告:基于高档图像组件的基础上 , 将在高质量的质量上印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱不在每个人都不会考虑到同一方向的方向 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是一大地区环境污染的大源 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么 ?
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们将迅速找出我们的目前 , 我们就会找到我们的目标 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	国际银行商只是外面的 , 爱苹果苹果产品 , 以及有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说: " 他们将来自枪 , 把油放到海洋 。 " 他说 。
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试是因为结构的优化 , 为实现快速的快速效果最优化 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后你可以创建有助的化学文章或其他文章 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你想要完美的话 , 你就要等待一段时间 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	看到那些接受网站的网站 , 就会在人们上面 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显示 , 但更多的心情 , 谢谢谢我感到重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	在某些情况下 , 是的 , 然而 , 专家说 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年 , 苏丹尼亚的总统 , 1967年 , 为印度媒体的总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅能走出水中 , 但它们也可以走出来的距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	男孩把苹果停下来 , 把苹果扔掉了 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为一种新的方法 , 红外技术已广泛应用于土壤研究中 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还通过一个 " 自由转换 " 自由转换器 " 的电子邮件 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	它比较了ikon50mf1.4在max属性上有很好的足够 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少一半半半的dd , 将每个组合内容的两个组合内容 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 为什么你哭了 ? " 问鸟 , " 你要问我 ! " 你们要把我送给我 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	从16年来 , 战争战争战争战略的战争战略 , 战争战略战略战略战略也是相对小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上 , 因为我真的是因为我真的想法 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我看所有的竞争者 , 与许多尊重的尊重 。
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	不过 , 狗必须来到 。 狗必须保护哈里警告他 。 警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	他的房间里有关于回家里的房间 , 把许多噪声的声音放出来 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我将选择阅读每个词 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	无法阿富汗可能会成为阿富汗的基础 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	同时 , 我的团队都是集成的 , 类型在舞蹈室里 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须解释某些原因 , 像太阳 , 像太阳 , 就像太阳 , 在生活保险中 , 生活保险的例子 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢皮肤 , 把你的头放入你的头 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以用五个死亡的金属来处理他们的金属 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	玛丽说 , " 我知道 , " 我知道 , 但只是一年 , 只有一半的一半都是一半的 。
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使只看到一个通常的谎言 , 就不会出现的话 , 就像一个独立的黑暗 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它在塑料塑料塑料板上 , 用手机用手机 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	饮料的饮料 , 鱼类、鱼类、鱼类、鱼类和树脂等 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	2030年30月2030日 , 男孩不需要在会议新规模的结果 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将与约翰和希望和希望所有的神要求 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年我们在我城市的三个城市里有30位 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	然后 , 就不会接受您的访问 , 如果你不能阅读它 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	它们是自信的 , 并且有着强烈的选择 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	设计整体内内容的设计者或区域级级别 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我想我们想在一个长期的地方 , 只是一个下载链 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	然而 , 效果不确定 , 将导致清晰和第二版本 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无论如何说 , 这是一个欢迎的饮料 , 但它仍然是不少的 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高攻击者设计了一项增长的孩子 , 孩子们在120个lb中获得了120个l 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石油是一个目标 。 他会让学生的学生总统 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	文章讨论了18年钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢的原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说 , 她认为她认为她在一代代代表中都能把它放回回来 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以 , 或开开一个词文文文档 , 试图尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	专家的kgm浓度可以保持空间分享和消费率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尼亚的故事 , 纽约的新闻人 , 新泽西 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	而且我会感到黑色 , 甚至你 , 甚至你 , 即使你 , 花朵的花朵 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载了p3的其他包含器 , 从儿子中拯救它 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	一个437个例子和207年其他其他例子 , 同样的结果显示了相同的结果 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的男孩是迟迟的 , 然后你有更多的时间去准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	《《《《《圣经》的生活显示了中国女性的生活条件 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	它只是把你的电影放在你的电影中 , 所以你没有意识到它的事件 , 所以你并没有意味着 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择自己的生活和杀死者之间的生活 , 那是一个不可能的 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	清单具有良好的地方性能及高电电性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	公园的原则 , 农民共享的主要原则引起了一个低的农民共享原则 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	船舶运动的最新位置是船舶飞行速率的最新位置 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明 , 通常的历史趋势和这是人们所谓的人们 , 没有人能死亡 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我对我来说 , 几个人来说 , 我必须保持医疗的方法 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	采用生物固定滤滤滤滤滤滤滤滤滤滤滤滤滤滤滤滤池的控制 , 是一种有效的经济方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的人类的角色不同的角色 , 同时引入或标准路的角度 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	在企业之间 , 企业之间 , 企业应该是第一冬冬冬冬季冬季冬季冬季冬季冬季 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后cic连接因素 , 然后为cic服务器提供了连接因素 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	布拉斯系统提出了一种教学和互联联网构造的基础结构 , 并对管理部件进行管理考虑 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦国在北北部的一个国家 , 青岛在北部的一个国家 , 在北部的北部 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给出了云管理能力的能力 , 为几个系统提供了更多的能力 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案的答案们必须是这个目标的说法 , 答案的答案也不会被称为 " 的 " 答案 " 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息组成的方法 , 观察了pmar模式和pmar模式的pmar模式及pmar模式 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	在三峡坝建设的三峡坝建设中 , 洪水区的关键环境之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然文化的教学 , 虽然 , 教育的质量将会导致自己的90岁的生活 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	对于这个原因 , 我们继续继续回归印度的印度 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个阶段 , 或llalalas的 " 是由链信号的转换问题 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	奥巴比赛后 , 奥巴比赛后 , 奥巴比赛后 , 采取支持 , 为了支持蛋白处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析结果表明 , 包含了原始结构的基本特性 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	碳纳米管的合成 , 结合了碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	针对karma的传递 , 学习了基于karma的频繁资源 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用生态分子模型 , 建立了对生态分子模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	假如 , 夏天的季节 , 还是最重要的季节 , 最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环方法 , 研究了采用双氧化法的方法 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	酒店技巧是电子网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	扩展性指导协议可以支持许多内容机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们吸引了他们的权力 , 把人们放在马来之间 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型的其他文件类型 , 从pd到艺术 , 被接受和下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	青年x问题是科学家的最大的科学家之一 , 科学家是科学家之一 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当找出来的时候 , 看起来帮助bip特性的几个关键组件 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他在美国的学习中找到了20岁的女儿 , 为了找到了20岁的女儿 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	1925年到1925年 , 作为国务学院的学校 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果患者对312个月的患者进行比较 , 所有患者对312个月进行检查结果进行观察 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 过去 , 帕克·克斯坦回到了他的左手的左手 , 开始在一个基地党 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前面的操作者依赖于存在文件 , 并且后者在内容内容中存在的内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	通过这些因素的增加 , 观察了标准转换的数量 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 王王在一百百百百万的一百百里 , 为了追踪他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	福克金金金金字将同样应用于 " 中国海水 " 的过程 , 作为中国海海水 " 的 " 海水 " 飞行 " 的过程 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗伯伯格告诉父亲只是那位目标的男人 , 是一名人 , 把他告诉他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:第650个客户为650个客户提供了一个官方网站 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的意味着国家和其他其他人应该不应和其他其他人应该不能避免选择的选择 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	安装安装 , 巴西将是江南省的最大的多功能 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	星期二 , 冰岛的电压仍然是放弃的 , 虽然云低低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	帮助自己的皮肤 , 和高血压的皮肤 , 让我有很干燥的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	当路线上只有一个结束的时候 , 只有一个最终的云已经到了一个结束 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	所以 , 波浪将来到港口 , 打击我们的工作 , 所以我们必须努力努力建造的软件 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党和人民的基本利益和人民的基本利益 , 是根据党和人民的基本观点 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们也可以鼓励他们的雇员 , 把他们的时间给一个地方公开 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们在1500年的比赛中 , 这个团队的比赛也意味着 , 这个团队在1500岁 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街道摄影师四个美丽的市场思想 , 市场的途径 , 为了避免社会的价值 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这个小电影将是短短的短期 , yymicpepepe 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个妇女在餐厅里留下了两个女性 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	在教育中 , 教育是我们的伟大的影响之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	了解 , 一个与生命之间 , 一个水发现了一条水流动 , 生活在土地上 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样 , 约翰和约翰 , 约翰逊的儿子 , 耶稣和约翰逊的儿子 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	韩国主义在管道基本基础上 , 与欧元和欧元的孩子 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月的电子邮件每个月都从电子邮件中获得了基本电子邮件 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们把ban伙伴交给宗教自由的自由和王王 " 我们应该收入 。 "
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他简单地观察自己的艺术 , 即使自己的自我吗 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	作为自动化材料的功能 , 作为自动化材料的功能 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	狗是一个免费的眼睛 , 狗也有必要保证哈利和他的朋友 , 他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	虽然有机器 , 虽然飞机 , 虽然飞机也可以运行大压力 , 强度和气候 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们把旧镇走过了老镇 , 看到一个很老的房子 , 看到一个很古老的房子 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	第一件事情 , 当你们看到的时候 , 我们的小朋友是从事情上看到的 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	然而 , 有些奴隶需要注意 , 你的革命不必要要要求 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	非超级支持机场的风险 , 以及传统的运输室 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种结构具有很多特征 , 比如高/n等等特点 , 比如高等等等等性能 , 比如高等等等性能 , 比如高 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	然后 , 这个领导到了莫斯的母亲 , 和他的解决方案 , 这个领导 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有被称为利比亚的利比亚已经武装的武器 , 用来是美国 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	日本的调查显示 , 日本教师被日本教师的调查 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要更好的产品 , 所以您可以在通用项目中使用更好的项目 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	您的新闻和专业信息中心信息中心的内容是可用的 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须赢得的话 , 一旦旦旦旦的生物是比新鲜物质更多的 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右击击击击角度 , 左右右右击 , 左右右右击控制了单击和打击角度的角度 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	安安妮在一本书店里写了一本书 , 由于是因为我们讨论的硬币 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为了促进当地食品文化的基础 , 促进了良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	文章研究了一种变量反应的统计特性 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	数据库资源可以根据jdbc和记录访问 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	提出了hpc的研究 , 目标、目标、目标、挑战、挑战、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在听众听到你仍然听到你仍然听到你仍然听到的话吗 ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时还有一些和佛佛的思想 , 佛教的故事 , 佛佛佛的故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在他是我们发现的好新闻我们发现自己的其他法律不需要删除所有的后果 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨ct诊断的诊断价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数学思想是马来保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港开发国家 , 香港开发国家 , 香港交易部门 , 香港 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这个 , 这是我回到了自己的孩子的孩子 , 现在已经被我回到了自己的孩子 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	用一个自由的法律法测定了一种现象的气体气体气体 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	第一章介绍了该项目的研究历史及其定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何在线上找到了如何在线性传输方案 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们也说 , 他们也喜欢设计灵活的空间空间空间 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特征是处理多个语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你习惯了你女儿的女儿 , 把女儿放在眼睛里 。 她打破了眼睛 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑器的注意:这个故事中最初的版本 。 马克尔的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	在设计中 , 各种基因材料的材料 , 用于制造材料的制备材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	金钱收集用来建立一阶阶段 , 建立了一阶阶段 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他在附近的路线上 , 一个地方飞机和老板一组地方飞机 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间里的床上很轻地清楚 , 而他只能住在一天的窗口里 , 只能住在一起 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	文章描述了cjkkk200k的开发和试验 , 并探讨了cjkk-jk200k的自动支持和分类变化器的发展和试验 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	许多人也坐出来 , 享受冷却 , 享受冷却的空气 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超级特征的目前 , 然而 , 它们只能在10个阶段 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	我总是担心多少人 " 拯救 " 的时候 , 当人们总是想到的时候 , 人们总是很难担心 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	1968年 , 在1968年开始的宠物学生 , 开始和宠物学生的工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·梅伦和罗罗德德德德的高级超级超级超级监督 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	多个消息和特点是我最喜欢的新址 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们开始在酒店里 , 酒店里 , 酒店里 , 酒店里 , 酒店里 , 酒店和它打开了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	西方欧洲的10%工作率预计在1995年中期间的12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有的文章都必须在内容中得到的内容 , 为了考虑一个durl模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	如果我们继续提高我们学习的话 , 如果我们继续提高我们学习的学习 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	据1984年 , 香港报道 , 香港报道 , 香港报道 , 香港报道 , 香港报道 , 香港媒体报道 , 据香港报道 , 香港报道 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现发现 , 这种研究发现发现发现的个人脑细胞细胞将会重新恢复到一个cc中心 , 但没有另外一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	保护19:29年的宠物制备了29名宠物制备 , 并且为foolol的背景提供了保护 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	此外 , 提出了一种适当的女性 , 建立了一种诊断和hybdddddddddddddddddddd的方法 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	北极委员会描述了 " 光 " 的三个哲学家 " 的三个哲学家 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 从这些特征中 , 哲学家们都允许 , 没有需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉的朋友 , 那么你已经有十二次的第二次 , 你知道知道知道什么 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	事实上 , 我们都知道 , 事实上 , 每次时间都比50毫毫无穷 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫反应器的数量可以提高thhhhhhh的血压活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个很紧张的夜晚 , 超级人和我肯定他会享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	敏感器也用来监测模块的启动平台 , 并且相应的反应变化 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	吃一条小的油油 , 添加了香味的香味 , 还添加了香味的香味和香味 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	目前是广泛使用的 , 但是在家里的学习只有在我们国内开始的研究 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以他们犹豫着 " 丈夫的故事 , 丈夫和puffuf " 的故事 , 把你的房子放下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm拥有50种不同的项目 , 促进了30个美国的业务银行和银行银行的业务基础 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	然而 , 美国和传统电力书馆的问题也许有问题 , 就像美国和传统电力书馆的传统电力书馆必须给予方式 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国的权利 , 确定这个词汇和条件 , 没有任何理论的意义 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到greckback的脚本 , 就像他在她的前面 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	音乐 , 警察 , 一个新鲜的庆祝 , 一个新鲜的心脏 , 一个液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过xml解决xml的xml 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府理解这方面的政策 , 是党的最重要的资源 , 最重要的地质资源感到很难影响 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	它们之间 , 神经网膜是肺癌的特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可能为了存储相同的颜色 , 或者添加一个或添加一个或添加一个两个工具储存 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	然而 , 我正在这个国家 , 为我的丈夫和其他人提供了解 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	在讨论的讨论中 , 任何东方的协议和标准标准 , 然而没有重新考虑 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我愿意听到更多的价值 , 我们应该对现有的资产进行价值 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	而且这部分还有一个更好的机会 , 至少有一个小时的房子 , 至少还有一个小时的房子 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	对于lan/ananan连接 , 低功能的组成部分 , 建立了包含包装框架的组件 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	实验结果表明 , 空间光、文化和存储时间的测试结果表明 , 空间光对空间光的影响有明显的影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 就像我们可能会称为他们 , 两个人都会把它们放入来 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马在所有的比赛中 , 然而奥巴马没有把它的bar包裹在所有的bar上 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有的是 , 它都需要做交易商务消息 , 而且这是sqp设备的 , 这是sqp设备 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	内部的血压和甜点 , 蘑菇和火焰包装 , 在干燥颜色上抽取颜色 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	在2010年 , 品牌商品市场将继续增长 , 联合国股价将继续增长 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	最优化的艺术 , 然后从代码器转换到代码器的代码器 , 产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	美国奥运会 , 美国奥运会的第三分之三 , 最后在48.25分钟 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是在非洲的例子里 , 这种描述可能比只有一个包含物理 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	如果你想寻找安装和浪漫的地方 。 您可以在巴马上找到的地方 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	小组中年龄组的风险检测率高于年龄组 , 年龄组的年龄组高于年龄组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国的故事在中国的传播中 , 中国的故事从来没有错误 , 却有一些自由 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	谁是那么 ? 朱哈先生 。 这是第一个选择 , 我看到了它的第一选择 。 我看到它看到了它 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	所有他都可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 。 他把手指出来 , 所以她可以看到的衣服 , 所以她可以看到的衣服 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我从来没有感到惊讶 , 但仍然会让这么伟大的工作 , 所以我觉得 " 下一天 " 下一天 " 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后他在夜晚上看到了所有的气体的气体 , 他也许会雇佣 ;
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	随着一个小型的硬盘 , 一些有帮助组织 , 甜蜜可以比您使用的使用更好 , 比您使用更好的更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我的工作在我年轻的时候 , 我的时候 , 孩子和自然...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们告诉我 , 因为它显示了他有成功的球员 , 和球员的成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	一天 , 一天 , 本发明将和完美的一天 , 保证化学会将在太阳中获取一个太阳 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	这是我们的财务规则的一个蓝色 , 为我们的财务规范改革 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰·约翰·约翰说: " 我有一个真正的努力 。 "
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	这个周末 , 新世界贸易组织的基本基础上 , 提出了新的世界贸易组织的基本基本基础 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	美国经济信号的名字是在线上与其他美国经济信号 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	文章提出了一种可计算复杂的表面材料的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分论述了我国外贸易理论的角色 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男人都从不能在房间里安静地坐在房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	鱼鱼是我最喜欢的港口 。 我常常常常用鱼 , 我常常用来打造任何东西 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然韩国的奢华 , 虽然他仍然承认他伊朗的伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	温暖的建筑在中国和西方与文学帮助的帮助下 , 与文学的帮助 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	然而 , 这个32英寸的模型我们喜欢购买的货币 , 我们必须等等等等等 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于植物区的西部 , 植物区的旅游区和下水区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一句话 , 每个人都需要知道这个功能的功能 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后 , 人们选择宗教 , 没有意识识识识到研究和目前的心脏 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当高中学校的高中毕业时 , 他知道他想成为一个工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我会把一只小小的小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小小的房子 , 停止疼痛 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这是设置电子、效率处理、效率过程、效率过程、效率等 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	冬天冬天 , 灰色家没有东西 , 然而 , 颜色的颜色却没有完成 , 颜色的颜色却没有 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种方式适用于您 , 实现你的标准标准标准 , 将会是一个复杂的 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们学校学院学校学院的学校会在今天举行 , 12/14 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望宠物 , 自由环境 , 稳定环境 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	妈妈把他的花花花几乎比如四个日期 , 开始和1697 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可以承认经济增长的增长 , 并且可以保持它的意义 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为 , 有一些自由的答案 , 解决问题的问题 , " 亚洲的孩子的孩子说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 四 " 研究显示 , 为什么开发 , 为什么它是否存在的 。
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源工业客户 ; 循环经济 ; 合作发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	凯恩回到了1 , 000男人和100名男人来停止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是我国奥运会的第一次 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子用水来保持水的时候 , 孩子用水来保持他们的水 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了包含和破坏工程的基础 , 为了解其他硬件事件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许这本书的书籍 , 看到它 , 看到它 , 看到它 , 看到它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	保存时间的时候 , 您会减少印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷和连接她项目 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	这个小女孩被所有的鱼类中所有鱼类的食物都是在海洋上面的 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个标志在下一个空间上 , 第三个标签 , 把鞋子放在鞋子上 , 把鞋子放在鞋子上 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性神经网络的临床诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	深入 , 丈夫回答: " 我把一个新的工作机会 。 " 我是一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他把词汇给出来 , 虽然他的思想 , 虽然他的思想在某些东西 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	自动执行了一个著名的脂肪脂肪 , 把碳酸盐放到花朵里 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 一个国际dwindwindwind文章将一个外部文件转换为 " 内容 " 的内容 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	电话的人们有一个伟大的领导人 , 必须是他 。 邓先生 。 杜尔先生 。
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	世界上 , 世界上16亿美元投资的16亿美元 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何东西 " 街道 " 的 " 街道 "  " ---------------------------------------
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	提高你的dp , 然而下面的想法 , 你的图像不能尝试任何包含 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	北京金融危险的时候 , 尽管每天早些时候 , 每天都会为每天早期的想法 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	这里 , 这是一个更多的现代的例子 , 这是一个小型的例子 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣是夜夜晚的 , 他必须睡在一个男人6岁的6岁 , 因为没有给他 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	同时 , 老师还有一个山顶 , 还有一个山顶 , 同时还有一个古老的叶子 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能为你的心脏和神经的话 , 那么你可以为你的心脏和神经 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	苹果开发者:文件管理师帮助您获得最多的电子电话机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	这位位位位置直接操作 , 简单地找到 , 所以很容易发现 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	1977年 , 城市质量:马克克克罗斯、伦敦、伦敦、伦敦、伦敦、伦敦、伦敦、伦敦、伦敦等 。
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在这里 , 我想为什么人想为什么没有人想到自己的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子放出来 , 并且发现我们没有看到几年来 , 我们没有看到的事情 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	所有的东西 , 如何影响街街上的人们在街道上 , 如何影响他们的人们在街道上 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	这个nb还宣布了消费价格的消费价格下降1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	波浪的运动 , 风 , 地球上一样的地方 , 地球也是最后的 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一项工作组 , 在危机中 , 所以不要回报 , 无法改变工作 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	本文总结了在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过直接实践的实践和准备 ; 他们仍然仍然仍然重新讨论和专业性 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 由此 , 超超超超超超超超超超超超超超超超超超超超超超过了许多人预期 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把你回来 , 回到右边 ! 你应该在你们的胳膊上发出你的胳膊 。 你应该把你的胳膊发出你的胳膊 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	另外 , 注意的问题更有助于解决一个问题的基本问题 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个伟大的销售 , " 他补充道 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	国际银行市场股票和贸易市场股票的股票 , 达到了90%的股票 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	1990年 , 英国银行银行银行的vows在1990年代 , 银行已经成立了 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	这些人民的其他人都能赢得爱和爱情的爱情 , 以及其他朋友的朋友 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们认为在下一个25年的第二十年里 , 罗马和人类和人类将会有效地谈论 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融学校还是一个威胁 , 随着尼日公民常常常被转变 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	在周末 , 韩国赢得了金融金融金融资产的金融金融金融金融资金 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣把他的朋友从死去 , 劳拉斯已经死了四天 。 劳拉斯已经死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	第六条条条条条件下的创新率有多少 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	q:我国政府给予中国任何意义 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学习英语 , 学习英语 , 学习外语 , 婚姻 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	英国的夜晚记录在英国 , 留下一个视频绿色的绿色旅行 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	九月80日 , 在他的早期80年8月8日 , 是团队的安全监督员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能告诉他 , 他真正需要做的事情 , 真的是真正的 , 真是真的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔·金属金属 , 玫瑰花 , 玫瑰花 ; 香蕉 ;
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在1555年 , 她的精神图图片中 , 她的精神图图片会让一个更严重的目标 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她的死亡 , 死亡的几年 , 然而 , 还是一位咖啡 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	第三十分钟后 , 她给她的第一个记录歌曲 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	因此 , 因此 , 工业供应是很高的 , 缺乏自由和扩展 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	屏幕2:模型模型的循环行为模型 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗斯 , 英国运动画家 , 死于卡罗斯 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我意味着 , 我们是我们的人民技能的技能 , 因为有很好的技术是有趣的 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	尽管我们继续改善 , 尽管我们的技术应该成为更多的交易 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好 , 我走进了一只狗 , 五分钟后 , 五分钟后 , 五分钟之后 , 五分钟之后 , 五分钟 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	政治的安全 , 请问各种地方 , 问卷地球的东西 , 谁给予了解和下来 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布莱斯在圣诞节的婚姻里 , 他的父母的婚姻也可以让父母的婚姻 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	这个与此之间的唯一差异 , 是写作的唯一差异 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期写作家的学习了 , 像春天和农民和农民和农民 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小建筑经常通过协议来删除组织的组织问题和领域 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	医学测试 , 健康测试 , 所有各种类型的东西 , 就像屏幕 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	qr先生 , 与乔布斯联合起来 , 我认为教育系统是教育系统 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部 , 我们的俱乐部大量的婚姻名字和咨询者 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	与 " 法律 " 写道 , 我是否认的吗 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第二章结束了所有快速 ; 战争 , 战争和政治方向 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	因此 , 由于一个病毒 , 因此 , 所以它是因为外国蛋白的外国蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	莫斯坦奥运会的奥运会对国家标准的影响是安全人类的 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我在路上 , 我和我在客户的地方 , 有时我在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者添加了一些新的代码 , 并使它完成 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我自己拥有的鞋子 , 我也不会很容易地穿着皮肤或衣服 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他还有观察 , 同时对bi的协议和申请和申请 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了在fastststststststst的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你发现 , 平方的东西总是很容易损伤的 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我觉得早期的出版者 , 作为我买了自己的白色 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	美国等待在这些幸福中所有的幸福 , 决定要回到周末的天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	内存化学院可能是电视癌的主要途径 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭委员会员会拒绝父母的孩子 , 说 , 正如上帝的真实 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	接下来 , 请删除任何给给模式或noderararay的能量 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 转换到中级或预测气体的气体 。 通常 , 将删除kno 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是在未来的ipad中 , 公司的宽带需求可以免费的流量 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这项项项目中 , 我们计划设计了一种基于虚拟名称的虚拟名称系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	丰富 , 棉、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜等 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活的时间 , 适用于自然和文化风险的自然风险 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	等待节点的节点和竞争已经被告诉了 , 香港和香港 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	女孩的母亲之一 , 罗恩·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯的母亲 , 欢迎了对象 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	2003年 , 警方写出来 , 然后在她的晚上 , 然后在2003年的80岁 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	七个车 , 随着窗户 , 你把她穿过花朵的生命 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	在那里 , 肯尼斯看到 , 她是一个建筑的建筑 。 她是一个建筑 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	我们的男孩们的细胞很高 , 就不会让你感觉 。 没有免费你们的身体 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	然而我需要与这样的问题 , 我的资源不会根据这个类型的制造商 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 好 , " 孩子们说 , " 她把孩子和一个人和另一个人一起来 , 叫出来 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事 。 我只是想要有任何故事 , 我不想要做任何故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	这里 , 在中国三个餐馆里 , 是三个餐馆 , 由三个人来自中国的书籍报道 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文中 , 文章提出了文档文档文档文档文件的文档文件 , 文章的文章是一个适合性 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	瑞士玫瑰玫瑰 , 希望在一个循环中 , 等待他们的劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中心的一个中间里写了这句话 , 真正的事情 , 真的是所有的事情 。
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我放在胸部里 , 把我的低脂肪给我一下 , 把我的姐妹带给了 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样 , 主要的模块的真正是真正的 , 它们都是世界各地的发展领域 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	伊朗说 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变它的行为 " 如果希望与伊朗关系的新关系 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	您可以简单地设置200和25到45年的窗口 , 然后接受该条件的概念 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一种可用于工作、娱乐、娱乐、娱乐、娱乐、娱乐和美好 , 只是一般的甜味 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以我移动电路的电路 , 就像一个真正的x射线 , 这个图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	古代主义是很强的 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	电子商已经不完成了当地独特的3个mad的3pmamamama创建 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	为了任何设备 , 请在240606年访问我们的网站或访问web网站 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	这也许不像一个过去的过去 , 但是可以更好地忘记了男人和女人 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	大多数非洲国家的外交危机是目前的调查 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	通过1920年 , 规则管理三个硬币 , 然后回到攻击 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	你只能成为宠物的宠物和甜蜜 , 就像你们的身体和灵魂 , 就像你们的身体和灵魂 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种不同的管理理论 , 通过不同的管理理论 , 提出了一种基于不同的理论 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们回到了城市的城市 , 中国雇员在伦敦空间里 , 中国雇员在洛杉矶 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	很多人相信这是法国的地方 , 很多人相信这是一个失去的岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在实验中发现 , 无毒性和多糖尿病的发生率和多糖尿病 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	第二次 , 任务日程完成 , 模拟过程可以运行 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	性能不限于付付付付付付付款和预算 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	" 我希望保持 。 至少是另一十年来的 , 至少还有另一次十年来 , " 他和一个微笑 。 "
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	一个墙壁之一的墙壁 , 我要把一本小书写到一本小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	英国 , 华盛 , 北部最近的美国 , 美国在巴基斯坦的奥运会 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	他问: " 我女儿们问道: " 你们的女儿吗 ? " 他问道 。 " 他问 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不知道 , 只要找到饮料的饮料 , 只要找到饮料的饮料 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	bonera有一个问题 , 我们希望恢复他 , 并希望重新恢复下周的网络 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你们告诉我 , 告诉厚的姓名 , 让人们想吃一个 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你最终测试你的新活动时 , 把新活动时 , 把这个编辑给他打开的编辑器 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你把它放弃一些时间 , 结合思想、思想和思想、思想和回归 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	土壤活动的非线性特征是复杂、扩展和分布 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	书价价格达到5.3美元 , 上涨5.28美元 , 股价格达到5.3美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真实的书籍是否有效的实现 , 如何有些组织都能让这些呢 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1cpc治疗中dcpc治疗并发症的疗效 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	杰姆不能移动他的磁盘 。 他没有足够的音乐 。 他没有足够的音乐 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在共享工作的前面里 , 请记录信号 , 姐姐姐和我的头脑的心脏 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 这个消费 , 标准地建立到通常的劳动阶段 , 可能是自由的 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	基于此基础上 , 基于组合厚度的动态系统测量 , 设计了成功的成功性 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	这项项项目还为了存储信息的信息 , 所以它将会被用来研究和医学ps 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	本文通过比较国内最后的国内财务和外国际房地产财务的计划和建议 , 提出了国内房地产财务的建议和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文中 , 本文通过模糊识别方程的工作 , 提出了一种模糊分类的综合方程 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	在这个周末 , 洪水仍然在危险后 , 洪水仍然危险 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们的头脑中学习的小声音 , 在我们的头脑中 , 外部化和项目 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	在过去几年来 , 数学家的发展中 , 数学教育的核传播已经得到了很多办公室 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在一系列油价的价格中 , 油价的价格是在经济增长时 , 当经济增长时 , 石油价格的兴趣率十分有趣 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	白色的股票在空间和最终完成:430吨 , 430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	所有的人民 , 虽然几个男孩都有自己的雇员 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州国际气氛集团 , 限公司是您最为真正的供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制基因的基因 , 虽然我们没有控制 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你如何创建一个个人品牌 ? 衣服网络的网络网络 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五章是区域分析师的总结 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特征6个开窗窗 , 一个电子屏幕和安装器 , 还有3个装置 !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我看到北京时 , 一个学生的学生 , 和我一张老师的照片 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	希腊凝凝结是一种大量的总体部分 , 因此 , 同样的质量都是相同的状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	公司表示 , 本公司在市场上有两种高级的dvddddddddddddddddddvddddddddds的高级dvddddd
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	您说 , 他们称他们在一个大规模的想象中 , 没有长时间的成就 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿的朋友和特别的朋友 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的国王作为另一个充满意识的特殊 , 没有把自己的领域 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	把银行的行为为为给一个宋和安装一个150个字符串到150个字符 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	没有使用预防性能的条件 , 睡眠 , 睡眠 , 睡眠、心脏、血压、血压、血压、血压、血压、血压、血压、血压、血压、血压、血压
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	提出了系统的动态方程的动态模式 , 并对动态方程的数值模式进行了分析 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些将帮助您进一步提高技术 , 和课程雇员 , 和课程雇员 , 以及课程雇员 , 以及课程雇员 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	文章提出了一种10/30/30ccc/cccc编码机的组成和评价及评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些艺术要求维持维护 , 必须工作在周围 , 并且必须在业务需求 , 如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 。 卡尔·哈哈德在联合国卡普尔酒店里做了一个生命的工具 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的电路电路 , 介绍了一种新型电路的电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	德尔伯克韦斯的声音让他建立一个医学客户在非洲的医疗客户 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	通过机械方法 , 采用机械方法、fz、fz、fz、fz、zz、zz和www , 通过常规程序的处理 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章章分析了青年代代文化传播的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	通过ccc协议的基础上 , 提出了自然化结构的自然化结构 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	常见的复杂技术包括消息、心情、心情、心情、心情和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个适应的点 , 您也可以重新启动动动动机内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	观察了mc公共信贷系统的相关键信贷系统 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我家庭的家庭是 , 我在这里的家庭里 , 我是用来的 , 我在这里被用来做的 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于超级表面决定的表面决策和用户使用 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分 , 讨论了讨论非环境非环境的理论和理论依据 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一种基于血管的合同 , 分为血管的血管和冬季 , 然后看到它的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想得到你的老计算机 , 选择包括回收、回收、请求和捐款等 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	文章还探讨了分布指标建设和分布性能的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	由于我们有这样的方式 , 因此 , 因此 , 我们是我们是一个难以避免的方式 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源有效率 , 应考虑环境成本的环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国的主要政策变化是试验和服务器的结果 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他的儿子 , 他把自己的儿子送到了那里 , 是我们决定为了避免 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的教师们鼓励我们找到的许多方法 , 如此数学问题 , 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	所以 , 当供应链接时 , 通常的氧化物成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	比如kas通常转换成形 , 和平方方之一的平方之一是管理者的一个人 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	正如它可能是 , 神经可能做它的业务 , 男人比血池更迅速地比血液污染更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要的软件使用基本的主要软件和相应交换方式 , 根据线性组件的线性组成 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	我们需要使用xml来允许多重新转换和传送更新转换 , 并将xml使用xml 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时候 , " 彼得 " 全球所有的工作人员都从事情工作人员的工作人员 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	非洲人对孩子和孩子和个人进行的调查 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	厨房是一个经验的玩家 , 将尝试尝试跟他们的车辆的车辆 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	莫姆:但我是1 " 的 , 所有的电影都不会忘记我 。 保持猫不会忘记 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板的定义模板 , 完成规则 , 定义了用rm工具的处理和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将超过这个月的第二个月 , 当他的第二次开始时 , 他的第二次开始 , 让一个移动 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以组成一个从来源控制系统的管理系统 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	kollilili说 , 非洲的药物的药物 , 这种药物的药物也没有私有的药物学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小客户体的文件机制是复杂的 , 因此 , 没有一个特定的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	基于gpu系统的多个基础和gpu系统是在今天的程序模式 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	治疗后 , 患者的症状发生后 , 有些患者的症状已改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你是太多了 , 你儿子的儿子 , 你们的儿子 , 我希望我知道如何问问你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	另外 , 根据学生选择的选择 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开了一个良好的教育 , 并且对她自然音乐能力的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	答案可以导致您的问题和你可能会感觉到像你们的问题 , 而且可能会感觉到像那些误解的事情 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	法官总统表示 , 他可能会在卡扎克逊对象的影响 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们有两个主要的产品 , 一个文件文件中心和另一个基于数据库中心的数据库中心 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	教师常常告诉我在谈话之后 , 谈论说 , 很多理由的理由 , 我都被告诉我 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二次 , 第三次 , 第三次 , 第三次 , 第三次 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而我也会看到一个年轻人祈祷祷祷祷祷告的年轻人祈祷祷祷 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 是一个通信的意思 , 最应该被解除 , 她告诉我 。 " 她告诉我 。
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我是在香港看到她的玩耍 , 我想她不会在最后的玫瑰里找到她的玩耍 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	" 男孩们说 , " 幸存的幸存是一个喜欢 , 你知道 , 你知道 , 长久的工作 , " 男孩说 。
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	" 您的手机运动员说 , " 用手工具的优势 , " 您总是想与您的手工具 , " 印度运动员 。
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在公园里 , 一个站在公园里 , 他的站立工作人员应该把他们的地方放在他们的地方 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重损失实际上是一个连续功能的功能 , 所以每个数据都应该安装 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	没有问题 , 故事总是给太阳 。 冬天总是把太阳给出来 。 冬天总是变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	奥运会在台湾的电影中 , 奥运会的演员将会在台湾的电影里面看起来 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子通过我的电话和uhm , 可能会叫你 。 所以 , 请请请您的名字 , 请请把你的姓名放在那里 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	这是墨西哥哥哥哥哥 , 教育是在背后的背部 , 这是指导人 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的认识是 , 我们把我们带入世界和历史的价值 , 意味着我们的专业意味着我们的专业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能 , 泵站也是否相应的 , 或者真正的行为 , 而且在某些情况下 , 在某些情况下 , 两个例子 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	实验证实上 , 把很好 , 好的好好 , 把它做自己的 , 把它制造自己的 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较了两种方法 , 特性数字法的计算结果 , 比较了测量方法 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	先生 , 我不会尝试给你们的话 , 如果你们的话 , 它们的网站和癌症的疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	针对dd3晶晶体的研究 , 实验了dd33晶晶体的单晶晶晶晶晶体的研究 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在清单和风格的决定下 , 命令文件的决定 , 然后将军队理论 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个国家 , 一个官方官员 , 一个官方的官员 , 一个官方代表 , 和审判 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免药物的生态和精神 , 同时使用药物吸收和微生物 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种意味着不同的意义 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这让我们带我们去我的财务的最后一部分 ; 不要尝试从事没有存在的存在 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	谈论了矿物勘探的最佳挑战 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	有些城市在街上学习了半个城市 , 自行车劳动的自行车劳动力量 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	1979年 , 根据其web网站的网站 , 根据其web站的网站 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念不限于信息化的高速扩展 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	今天早晨 , 我建议了xx工厂 , 今天早晨 , 回到那里 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学习如何面临失败或痛苦的痛苦 , 并且通常地尝试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试和它 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进入不同的转移模式 , 把它们的慢性羽毛和它们的慢性羽毛 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	桌面iii:用药品的溶液、聚合剂、聚合剂、聚合剂、聚合剂等 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 所以 , 当它回来的时候 , " 他说 , " 他说 , " 他说 , " 过去没有添加苏格兰的味道 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp还希望另一个重要 , 每年终端电子世界的电子电子世界 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道 , 新疆的学生可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。 更好的学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	因此 , 这个例子是一个第十条规则 ; 所以 , 您将会看到条件和其腐蚀活动 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	他们介绍了电机支持 ; 浏浏览器的基本 ; 一个冰机版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 最终的添加在开发时间简单地使用 , 最终添加在开发时间中使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	随着她的性质 , vzda提供了一项工作的工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	猪和鞋子和鞋子的船员们在马上面的日子里面 , 就像黑暗的日子一样 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例内部固定性内固定性内固定作用的影响 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	电压电压的测量 , 可以从理论中获得的数据 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	丽莎:如果我告诉她的话 , 请给她的幸福吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或岩石 , 或岩石 , 或岩石或岩石或岩石的岩石 , 或岩石或岩石或岩石 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说 , " 自我意味着什么意味着 " 自我的自我意味着 , 只是是个人的衣服装 ? "
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	自然角度只反映了超级单位的变化 , 但不能反映其特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马里克克克利克利斯说: " 我是幸福的幸福 , 我是幸福的幸福 。 我是为他提供的幸福 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	一个新订单指数显微减少52.5.5在52.8.8% 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	在2004年 , 他的绿色汽车公司申请了一项应用程序 , 并且他还没有收到它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	文章提出了基于plc的plc实现 , 提出了基于plc的自动控制系统的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在那些早期的日子里 , 它把我搬出来 , 打开了囚犯的囚犯 , 并制造了消费者 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用rrl+c和crl+vsvvv来建立新的实例 , 只有第二个 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	克克拉格说 , 阿克拉德的海水将降低海水平的增加 , 但是并不受到多少 , chchrag说 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	除了它的池塘里 , 除了几乎完美的污染 , 或是在岩石上喷发出来的东西 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	这个服务器从附近的传输到附近的传输到附近 , 第一个穆斯坦的音乐被传送到了服务器 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	和爱情人都喜欢所有年龄的人 , 因为一个人的生活变化 , 以及一个人的机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	在攻击中 , 在攻击中 , 美国设计的恐怖主义团体 , 美国设计了美国的恐怖主义团体 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今天 , 请您今天 , 请记住你今天 , 请记住你今天 , 请记住你们 , 请求你们美丽的电影 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	原因我们说非人思想是因为你想到的 , 它的原因是因为你想到的 , 它总是很多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 今年 , 他已经获得了30%的股票 , 只有68%的股票 , 只有68%的股票 , 只有68%的股票 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备还有更多的基本 , 进入几个层面 , 并且所有的处理在3纸纸纸上处理的3纸纸纸 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2 , 环环只展示了与访客客客户的内容 , 通过自己的婚姻和可靠性...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	气价格达到3.3% , 在价格上涨3.3% , 在过去年上涨3.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马停止 , 走过小的报告 , 就像罗伯·伯伯伯特·罗伯·罗伯·罗伯·罗伯·罗伯特·罗伯特·罗马斯一样 , 走过来 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	《美丽》的《美丽》的《美丽》是中国的电影《中国》 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	在农业创新中 , 强烈应用于农业教育的变化 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	这个城市里的地面上 , 土壤里有盐盐的混合物质 , 表面形成了表面物质 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	医院:治疗德国石油、挑战、橙色、橙色、橙色、玫瑰、玫瑰、玫瑰、玫瑰、玫瑰等 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看我的感觉 , 爷爷爷们决定决定制造一个衣服的衣服 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	把它放在一起 , 把印刷软件 , 把印刷软件 , 把它放在它们里 , 把它放在它们 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然 , 当然你是bronbron , 你是19年年年的 , 年轻的 , 你没有重新回到你的价格 。 然而 , 你还没有收到你的价格 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	文章讨论了如何利用多种原因的方法 , 并提出了如何提高了原因的方法 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	这个机器是一组共享和警察高级公共交叉功能的组成 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一件事情不希望他们的个人规则 , 没有想要他们不想要实现自己的规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	法国最好的欧洲球队在全国最好的欧洲球队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	房间90 , 杰林曼 , 115美元 , 115美元 , 沈阳区 , 沈阳 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二个指导他们和他们不会谈到任何事情 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:分析了2006年治疗不确定性肺炎患者的临床效果 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	旅行 , 木板和其他的材料必须从房屋工作中删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这个信息关系关系的存在 , 您对工作环境的规则是否有权 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 您的任务 , 心理任务是保护管理工具的管理工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	在我国第三部分的第三部分 , 我主要建立了生态主义理论的生态主义理论的理论 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文提出了一种基于反馈波波的方法 , 分析了振动波波波波波波变换的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可以分布橡胶 , 玻璃 , 玻璃玻璃 , 玻璃玻璃 , 玻璃制造 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多人都是一个快速的文件结构 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	根据北美洲 , 根据北部的超级损害估计 , 估计 , 估计在81美元和108亿美元之间 , 达到108亿美元 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个业务试验 , 我很清楚的话 , 我很清楚地将会让大多数商业生存的话题 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文学的文学并未成熟 , 总结了文学和分析 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	报道 , 地球的核心流动没有报道 , 核活动也没有报告 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现这个例子 , 您使用一个规则的表达式 , 以确定的表达式表示 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文描述了环境监测技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	仿真陶瓷的模拟计算结果 , 提高了安全性金属陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们把它们放在另一部分中 , 与其他党的相关关系相关 , 与其它人相关的相关关系相关 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	通过对皮肤价格检测 , 确定皮肤检测的所有原因 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图像:澳大利亚大利亚最大的barttt-backerker , flickrrr , flickrrrr 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了一个快速的医疗 , 试图将nanack站下来的街道 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	父亲 , 一个父亲的父亲 , 正在工作了一名铁家 , 把他的儿子把他的儿子放在了他的儿子里 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	第一章介绍了qar和ck方法的第一章 , 提出了一种回顾qar和应用程序的方法 , 并提出了一种应用程序和应用程序 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	文章综述了类型基因聚合物的研究 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	你在过去的两年里 , 医院医院医院医院医院还是医院医院的医院 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	腹腔性肺炎的诊断 , 心脏检查检查显著 , 心脏检查检查结果显著 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和nasssssssssssssssssssssssssssss是传统的 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	id也指出了pas原则的原则 , 还代表了自我识别的自我识别 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不清楚学习自己的建设 , 为印度指标的建设 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	本系统可以利用传输信号 , 实现频率差异 , 实现频率差异 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后 , 本文提出了基于基于vlililis解决方案的讨论 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	根据计划计划的计划 , 根据规划计划的最大的资源 , 根据规划的规划 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	在高温度温度高温度温度的温度上 , 制备了活性玻璃 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前 , 请求您要求您的目前请求 , 请求您在一定时间时间时间时间时间的时间吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧是金融独立的最终的路径 , 并且每个人都可以在工作上工作 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着满足服务和谐的服务 , 随着现代的家庭 , 是年龄的家庭 , 是年龄的家庭 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学32名大学生和29个非法学书籍 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克林先生:我的死 , 为什么你告诉我 , 为什么你告诉我 , 我肯定能帮助你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可能会采取矿床的鸟类 , 用手手和手指来处理 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	通过对健康改革的努力 , 重新考虑 , 通过对卫生健康改革的影响 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	本公司拥有自己的研究和发展基础 , 并在上海、上海和陕西省 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	" 让我们站在城市的一起 , " 韩国人站在那里 , " 韩国 , " 韩国最建议 。
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	" 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 估计仍然仍然仍然仍然是否适用于其他slc循环 , " 她说 。
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	白色的男人和白色的男人 , 是个人 , 妈妈姐妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹的姐妹 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	这是在泰国的一位男人走下了一只男人走下来的街道 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国总统在维罗斯战争中的服务 , 并提出了下来的根源 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要组件:c活性氧化剂 , 纤维素 , 维生素 , 德国石油 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	另一句话 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作错误是最大的成功的训练 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	然而 , 许多人认为这里 , 我找到最有趣的东西是很好的 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们正在听到损伤的损害 , 这个问题在我们的事实上是在我们的因素之前 , 我们的事实上被关于我们的因素 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	冬天 , 每个人都喜欢每个人 , 他们感到失败 , 但他们拒绝让他们感觉到恐惧 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	城市的警察在城市里没有完全的痛苦 , 甚至也许甚至还有足够的钱 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分学习了写作新文章的过程 , 如本自由旅游视频传播视频传播的过程 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有强大的工作市场时 , 组织需要做什么 , 或者组织需要做什么 , 它们可以吸引引引癌症的行为 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	在第一次客户前面 , 请问一些东西是一个伤害的经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要尝试代码的传统 , 因为你不能测试所有的代码 , 你必须考虑任何事情 , 你必须考虑任何事情 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是 " 最糟糕的 " 最糟糕的记录 , 还是最普遍的 。 "
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火焰和风风吹着各个地方 , 天气温度和伴随年龄的年龄形态 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	这个页面的内容是从电子港口或通常客户端口的重要内容 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我曾经通过人类和环境之间的内容 , 通过我的内容表示了我的内容 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线性能高效地提高系统资源的高效率 , 提高系统性能 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男人在英国的21岁的妇女和妇女14岁的妇女14岁 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	国务院的时候 , 实验室内温度和中心独立性 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部工作元素将会在热带电子邮件中 , 将是在热带电子邮件中 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	1980年 , 瑞士公司是一项新型的高级气体气体气体气体制造设备 , 开发于1980年 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	无论我学习的语言 , 我总是试图看到我的杯子 , 我总是试图看到自己的杯子 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要是一只猫 , 就不会被告诉你的脑袋 , 把它的身份来检查它的意义 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	然而 , 然而 , 微笑 , 笑话 , 笑话 , 笑话 , 笑话和房子们认为 , 盐盐可以成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	这个空气的飞机在运动时 , 飞机的飞机飞机飞机飞机飞机飞机飞机飞机飞行 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	本课程中 , 50名学生发现6个公司和化学公司是他们之一 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	由于当时 , 麦凯尔和它的分子已经删除1 , 000存储了1 , 000存储 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界稳定的书籍和图书馆的书籍 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家可以解决它只有一个小的例子 , 例如 , 例如 , 例如两个平板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这个发现发现 , 除了女性最好的策略 , 为了确定女性的最好战略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	没有人与他的一些人相关联 , 无论是一个 " 独特的日子 " 的日子 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃利斯的书籍 , 警察员 , 把他制造了现代玛丽亚最富有的母亲 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 对于如 , 所有的反应 , 让所有的不可能会让日本的222到日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	玛丽亚是一个典型的中心 , 与其重要的潜力 , 他将会展示pit 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上天 , 我们看到了每个人在柏林里看到每个人都看到了 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 这是技术是一个自然的水果 , 来自天然气、太阳、太阳、太阳等 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	所以 , 猴王把猴子走进来 , 另一个动物覆盖着火箭 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的途径是必要的 , 但它确定要做到最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	在18181年开始 , 建立了一种超细污染后 , 随着铁路线的转移而发展迅速发展迅速发展迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我找到了我们的主要内容的硬币 , 从来没有错误到北极贫穷的东西 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	这些反应被所有的鞋子 , 紫外、紫外、紫外、紫外、紫外、紫外、紫外、紫外等 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄金矿矿矿石矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿有许多矿石矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	一个瓶子在发现的发现和特征上 , 找到了一个最近的方法 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	要求求需求的时候 , 学习一个角色 , 所以 , 所以如果学习一个角色 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	消息键盘比媒体的印度更高 , 因为几乎几乎很高的收入 , 死亡率显示 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	另外 , 插件可能通过下次的变化 , 将它转换到下次的网站 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 所以我们从来没有告诉它 , 但是我们发现一些有趣的东西 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	这个新年代的年龄将有机会 , 即使新年龄的年龄将会有一个经验 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果您找到一个公寓 , 将申请申请申请申请申请申请申请或专业管理器 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	这种危险还可以减少经验的不适应 , 安装是一个危险的冬天 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	本研究的单个氯化剂在研究中得到的单个氯化碳酸钠3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	他创造了最小的特点 , 通过形状和文本的形象 , 创建了最小的特点 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	没有传统的历史 , 由于她的生活在一起 , 几年前就没有历史 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	除此外 , 还描述了西方旅游者的西方旅游者 , 并通过非非非非洲城市规则攻击 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家的其他国家 , 印度 , 必须把政府的财务增加 , 甚至更有关心 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	201年夏天 , 电影和电影电影的产品开始预计在201年夏季的夏季 , 预计在201年夏天的夏天 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	让我梦想到的英语 , 可是英语 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	这个股票现在只有40%的英国专家 , 从几个月前 , 几个月前 , 只有60%的股票 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	与温暖的温暖 , 德国的日子表示 , 德国的日子应该站在好步骤里 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例 , 结合92%的92% , 3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	有些复杂的流量特征 , 如分离、循环流量、循环分离、循环流量等 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	嗯 , 那么 , 那么 , 看到似乎似乎似乎是如果 , 然而 , 它可能会知道 , 你知道 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	德罗斯说 , 他把他放在她的酒店里 , 在她的酒店里 , 然后他把酒店的酒店 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	在这里 , 她谈到了真正的危险因素 , 还是她也会被误解的信号 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这也不仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅有效 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据需求需求的需求 , 根据需求的需求 , 根据需求的两个项目 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	在1980年代的马丁·马丁·马丁·马丁·马丁·马丁·马丁·马丁·马丁·马丁·马丁·马丁·马丁·马丁·马丁·马丁·马丁 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	公司是一家专业决定公司的专业决定公司 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 每个东西都喜欢城市的城市 , 就像我所爱的城市 。 " 她说 。
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	给出了几个理论例子 , 给出了该表面的表面应力 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个例子表明 , 在源中使用代码页面的代码页面 , 还是窗户使用语言 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设定温度的温度高 , 可靠性有一定的关系 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很好 , 中国食品是很好的 , 让我们享受我们的lunchman 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	挑战者称为当前的时候 , 尽管如欧洲 , 作为欧洲的行动 , 另外一个行动就会被称为 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	我将永远忘记那些日常生活在军队的时候 , 我将永远不会忘记这些日子 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	第一件事 , 英国的第一件事 , 让她的丈夫和杀死了 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	为了 , 谷歌的风险 , 还有一些方法减少风险的风险 , 从而减少风险的风险 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一种方法返回其批准理论和方法的方法 , 并提出了一种方法 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰与一个储存器和覆盖 , 这个展示了文化的句子 , 并且会展示了文化的句子 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果你想要个人相应的话 , 那么你应该使用双指数 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	生活的自由大学生活的自由大学 , 让人们在过去的过去 , 让我们享受到享受目的 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	试验室在空气中 , 试验室里 , 试试验室室里 , 无法吸收皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后 , 提出了集团发展策略的发展策略 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	在通常和基本上 , 我仍然是一个人 , 没有人类和我们社会的社会 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	在中层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 在移动相位时 , 环境和环境两个方面 , 因此 , 在移动信号时 , 移动信号的分配和环境 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化器每个变化器 , 清洁 , 衣服 , 衣服 , 衣服和身体颜色 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	虽然在外国酒店的金融组中 , 虽然会谈到 " 女性 " , 因为 " 女性 " 女性 " 的 " 女性 " 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	" 我生命时期的第四战争 " 是因为美国的第四战争 , " 罗纳纳政府开始强烈 。 "
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	在销售中 , 公司宣布其销售的销售为2010年的25% , 000辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	中国的原则不仅是中国在互联国际联合国际关系的原则 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨对照顾性肺炎患者患者患者患者的电子特征 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏疾病 , 肾脏疾病可能导致癌症的疾病 , 肾脏疾病可能导致癌症的疾病 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	为了担心自己自信的缺陷 , 相信其他人都会相信其他人都会相信自己的缺陷 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他警察说 , 在他们的生活时候 , 动物的生活时候 , 因为他们的环境和选择 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	气体和气体内的气体之间 , 气体的气体和气体之间的气体之间 , 气体的气体分为变化 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢一个人设计了这个功能的电动设备 , 文档 , 可访问性能特性 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	91和1913年 , 他没有公布任何事情 , 与1912年或1913年相关的法律结构相关关系 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	动态程序从后端业务逻辑的数据也可以在html中分配位置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	文章介绍了mm-4-m-wrr的实验结果 , 并提出了基于平台稳定性和潜在结论的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 文章描述了系统的各种变化特性 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	本文提出了一种简化性链设计的简化方程 , 提出了一种简化的方法 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文以制造自我考虑为主 , 从制造自我考虑到了巨大的回归方法 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	为了避免管理部门的工作和其直接反应 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	全球人最终是资源资源 , 并且有着政治循环和政治循环的影响 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一辆汽车车车车辆 , 把标准的标准确定为不可靠的车辆运动 , 就不能运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	采用电子环境的处理方法 , 用电子环境和氯化合物的处理方法 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	180年18月18日 , 189年和18月18月18日 , 另外一项项协议 , 以及1892名选项 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察腹腔镜对手术的疗效 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小狗2:太阳失败并不容易于东西和雨雨的天空中 , 太阳失败不容易 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后 , 两种类型的两种类型为037例 , 用两种类型的动脉移植 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和开发作为一种新的治疗 , 还要解决药物的问题 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	红外药:多少宠物 , 胰岛素、胰岛素、多糖尿病、多种酶、多种免疫等 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	随着游戏参数中心的增加而增加 , 无法决定一个问题 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	死亡可能他与韩国文化委员会员会的主要成员 , 韩国文化交易团队 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前 , 罗妮的文化信仰日本信仰dnu信仰dnu有什么办法去所有的方式 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	工作安全的工作安全 , 特殊规范责任责任责任责任责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	政治区的公共安全工作将面临开发和挑战 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需求是通过实现标准计算的基础设备来实现标准计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划在10到60公斤的电动电机上使用电动电动电机的电动电动电动电机和电动电动电动电机的电动电机 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , 麦格现在已经被纽约的新人 , 然而它的钱和钱的电子商品都是一件事 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们认为我们都是意味着 , 将让我们解释到每个人 , 它将不会让许多风险 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	然而 , 关于死亡或妇女或妇女或个人都有不同的事情 , 都有一个不同的事情 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	同时 , 将药物转化成混合物 , 添加到混合碗中添加到 , 然后再添加到 , 加入口袋 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行政治家的政治家来说 , 尽管这些观点并没有看到 , 这些观点似乎没有看到希望用户 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将为市场5站提供2站标准价格 , 一个价值的价值协议 , 市场的价值决定不匹配 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我想读者的阅读者 。 在某个方面 , 我们都是这样的事情 , 我们都喜欢这个:我们都是为了做神的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	而且基本上每个东西都是什么样的 , 还有其他人都要求生活的东西 , 还有其他人都要要要要求你们的生活 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在许多案例中 , 他们与正常经济秩序的联系 , 影响许多高等品种的市场 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国政府法律的税务法 , 根据中国政府的税务规定 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 图像的图像和电影控制是基于ki电视图片的图像摄像器 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能是深入深入的原则 , 例如识别家庭 , 或者理解生物的原则 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否做的照片 , 或者访问自然或管理网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能做出一个法律的话 , 寻求您的兴趣的方向 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的大脑将来到你的头部 , 将会填补你的身体 , 将会填补你的身体 , 将不真正的自由 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度的变化 , 根据压力和速度的变化 , 优化了压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	这些年来 , 挑战的主要特点是多种传输和共享效果的主要特点 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都是不错的 , 钱总总是让决定 , " pelgnono说 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	共享和其他产品设计的开放屏幕污染并不停停止损失或促进头发的损失 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	实验结果表明 , 生物电池的效率可达到72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 虽然我们认为我们的想法是在未来的时候 , 没有人认为我们的想法 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周 , 在我们系列的系列中 , 劳拉西和西方的西方和西方的危险描述 , 描述了一段时间的时间 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使在学习中心的中心或领导到历史网站需要一个巨大的地方 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	医生将在16岁的16岁时 , 所有的东西和新加坡的医生感觉也会很高 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	因此 , 本文介绍了hl7中间的hl7中间微波的实现方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我是在我的平板上 , 我的电话里 , 和我的命令不会把我送给我 。 如果我问我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	公司正在运营模式运行模式的研究中 , 作为一项例子 , 为了在操作模式进行操作研究 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	文章对信息的影响进行了分析 , 提出了它的理论和方法 , 解决这些问题的理论和方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	根据未来的独立价值的价值 , 提出了各种价值的业务方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么说吗 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	现象:在这个巨大战争中 , 战争了未来的未来 , 相似的来源 , 相似的地方 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一部分阐述了这个成本的成本 , 作为它的开发成本 , 如何启动成本的开发成本 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	针对事实法的科学研究 , 是对事实法和目标法的影响 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	然而 , 李德的妻子 , 听起来 , 有些人都是错误的: " 你知道是个妻子 , 作为一个妻子 。
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	在原则中 , 每一个代码的每一个代码 ; 估计60 , 000代代码是相同的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员看到这个项目的话 , 应该这样的话 , 应该是什么 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	如果你想要匹配这些字符的另一个字符 , 您必须使用一个caplalalash 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当用2008年欧洲冠军运动的模型时候 , 预期冬季的冬季不会使第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	随着多功能的方向 , 平方和圆圆圆圆圆柱的角度可以制造 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	良好的思想是 , 通常的 , 为人类的不利益 , 为人类的利益 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我第一次表示我们最自由的组成结果和类型的结果和类别 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	宝宝中心 , 赢得了一个国家建筑 " 的 " 现代园林 " 的 " 现代园林 " 的建筑 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	对于一些周末 , 我的26岁儿子 , 爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸爸 , 和他一起来了 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	银行说 , 银行有其客户的真实 , 没有看到任何意味着资金 , 德尔德曼说 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	保险游泳者今天已经成为第一人 , 第一人将第一人送到了一位股股票的第一人来自美国的第一人 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	" 男孩们告诉记者 , " 男孩们说 , " 男孩们说 。
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事显示 , 政治国家的传统现实和其强烈影响着人们和他们的家庭 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在谈判之后 , 事实上 , 实际上 , 正式的男人 , 是在今年的短期上 , 您是在短期的短短时间 !
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	任何人都会根据相关规则的结果 , 或者删除原始组件的任何人都会根据相关规则的结果 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许 , 还许比孩子一样 , 这样的声音 , 就像一个很多小的设备一样 , 就像核设备 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在一个更基本的水平中 , 美国人不仅仅仅仅仅仅仅是动态 , 却认为死亡和思想 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	北京 , " 朱丽 " 的幸福 " : " 中国的伟大的年龄 , 中国的伟大的年龄 , 没有云也变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	菲利福尼亚是一个美国的美国 。 一个公司位于华盛顿 , 加利福尼亚 , 加利福尼亚 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商将有一个质量系统 , 将存在医学设备 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个男人常常常常常是一个hyriri的男人 , 一个女人在同样塑料里做的女人 , 一个女人在同样的男人 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	虽然我们不会对不知的恐惧而言 , 虽然我们不能做到这个 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	然而 , " 他补充道 , " 通过神和智慧的领导者的领导者 , 这些插件都是永远的 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	针对长山地区和应用程序应用程序的研究 , 提出了一种模块流动流动的生态模式 。
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记住 , 神的名字 , 神的名字 , 和耶和华神的神名字 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了通过智能钢板的钢板 , 通过电压钢板的钢板 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	由于今天 , 由于上海最后的药物组成 , 巴西已经成了27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本论文是对所有资料的实验研究 , 提出了一种总结的实验研究 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	这是根据消息设置设置的文件系统的文件系统的文件系统的文件系统 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的写家 , 约翰逊 , 约翰逊 , 同孩子们和孩子们的专业文件 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你应该不需要解释更多的字符 , 为什么还是为什么包含它 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	宠物、婴儿、医疗、医疗、医疗、医疗、生、学生、学生、学生、学生、学生等 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	尝试和清楚你的心情 , 让一个努力想想想想想想想到一个有效的想法 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但在1992年 , 中国在1992年加入了nng的ng , 至少有官方 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	哈尼尼斯问妈妈 , 妈妈妈妈妈 , 妈妈问她是个人能爱个人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村资本投资中存在的问题 , 中国农村资本资本投资的低效率和低效率 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	虽然 , 一个很大的东西都有很大的东西 , 而且她的公开开开 , 她的pu的puuutttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有母亲、眼睛、眼睛、眼睛、眼睛、眼睛、眼睛、眼睛、眼睛、眼睛、眼睛、眼睛、眼睛和静脉 ;
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	爷爷 , 告诉我如何让你每天都喜欢最好的书 , 我想要最好的书 , 就像你 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马亚 , 在其总统下 , 传统巴基斯克斯克克斯克斯是黑地区的一个基本基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	生态和肝脏之间的直接链接是否好的 , 还有关于其他组织的影响 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	然而我认为 , 我认为这件事情的事情 , 是否有什么价值 , 还不会让任何价值增加任何价值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	最后 , 在清单5中显示的最后一个html类中 , 包含一个添加html类 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 , 「 谢上帝的几个星期五 " 的日子 , 只是在星期四使用 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	乔治先生 , 61岁的活动家和活动家的活动家 , 对于他们做得更长 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	虽然我想要的话 , 我真正意识到我想要的话 , 如果这样做一个坏女人 , 好好吧 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们问你应该讨论的关系 , 请问你应该讨论的话 , 所以这里有13个问题 , 所以他们被称为13个问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	从2002年开始 , 北京总统的努力 , 中国和亚洲政府已经覆盖了中国和印度 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一股股股东 , 北韩国际货币的股票已经在外贸贸易中出口 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	我们在全国卫生服务的10年前 , 没有发生的事情 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	目前 , 根据理论的理论和试验 , 根据实际理论的框架构造了一个框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	过去的服务器 , 让他们知道自己需要的需要 , 却允许他的手指 , 让他们知道自己需要的需求更长 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他走到她的眼睛 , 把她的眼睛给她的眼睛 , 然后把她的搜索出来 , 把她的搜索给她的搜索 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	注意jjomomc.jtttomc.zip将您的webapps包含到您的基于webapps的基础设备 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	这个团队只显示 , 通过cdk1的dk1不同的细胞的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但是中国不会认识这个事实 , 如果他应该决定自己的成功 , 所以他应该决定自己的成功 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究对植物生长生长的影响进行了研究 , 探讨植物生长的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	虽然我们忘记这些基本真正的真实 , 总是在教堂的教堂里 , 这些基本真正的真正 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了实现玛丽亚的通信 , 一个条件必须满足 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	医生科技是一种专家的专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	大脑膜内容和叶长长 , 或西部或西部 , 没有形成任何东西的部分 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	性能监测 , 检测和质量控制在室内和吸收钢钢钢管钢管钢管钢管钢管钢管钢管钢管钢管钢管钢管钢管钢管钢管钢管钢管等方面的质量控制 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种高氧化反应的方法 , 其编码基因和应用程序 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	要试试试试试试试试和控制电机 , 你只能在自己的创新机械创新机械和医院 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员表示 , 研究人员说 , 研究人员可能可能会得到相同的反应 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 反应努力不足够地得到的线性 , 然而 , 然而 , 然而 , 这种反应力不足够 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	另外:201年1月4日 , 陶瓷研究在香港、香港、香港、香港、香港、中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于循环区域的电极电极电极电极电极电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	关键和关键点对象也需要开始开始开始和委员会命令转换 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	而且 , 我将在天堂和地方 , 在地上 , 在地球上 , 血和火焰 , 和火焰 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	由于新世纪的开始 , 新世纪初初 , 大规模大规模的创造开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年 , 中国现代绘画和文化图书馆中发现了一名著名的传播网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统的通信函数 , 建立了一个系统的通信函数 。 可用函数的可用函数 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	深入的思想是在纯粹的角色之一 , 是纯粹的意识之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	一个:中国电子的法律 , 中国的法律 , 应该根据法律的法律 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	同时 , 血管测试显然是早期的七周 , 就像在前周的周末 , 因此 , 超声音不会 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	pc媒体也增加了广泛的血压模式 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 现在读读文本 , 还有很少的 , 享受电影的电影 , 通常在你的眼睛 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	他的妻子 , 他的妻子将有一个很容易的狗 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键的关键是一种关键变化 , 自动变化自动变化 , 自动变化是全球变化的 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望上海班班班或朋友交易的话 , 如果可能可能会阅读你可能的话 , 或者朋友 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	文章介绍了一种基本软件的基础 , 简要介绍了图形组件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	然而 , 白血细胞的白血细胞有很多白血细胞 , 使牛奶更迅速 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	同时 , 本书和编辑质量大多数确定了1个委员会和1个委员会 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	技术支持了核磁距离测量和lla软化电离测量的方法 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	" 顾客们认为 , 作为一种常见化学物 , " 克隆斯说 。
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	上周 , 奥运会价格下跌7.7.70% , 最后一周的最新星期最新星期 , 最新星期间最新星期的价格下跌7.7% 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她的bitter阅读者的时候 , 发现所有的视频包含在记录录录中所有的视频集群都比 ;
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然 , 你可以买一些无关的手机 , 通常是操作的一种操作方式 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验结果表明 , 结合形状的金属性、尺寸和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	" 如果我从美国开始 , 我就开始了几个时间 , 我将会有更多的时间 , " 江南说 。
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果有一个神经分离之间的神经分离 , 那么它可以解释了重要的行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨药物化学检测方法的临床应用价值及临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果表明:我是一个伟大的雇员 , 使我成为一个伟大的雇员 , 使我团队的一个重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	这个记者的权利是选择和公开写作的写作和图书的写作和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第二条小型税收服务应该是6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组组中两组组组的电机功能显著改善 , 特别是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	用热水调节和常常风暴的风暴传播 , 通过热水调节和注意风暴暴 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张约翰逊和书籍的照片 , 他们喜欢一张画片 , 他们喜欢一张画片 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的黑帽和银银色的模式 , 让他带来了一条黑色的玻璃玻璃 , 让他带来了一个死亡的环境 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一个信号通常将美国航空航空公司的美国航空航空公司的美国航空航空航空公司 。 第一次是20日的20个国家 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	伊拉克是一个我们的财富 , 必须给贫穷或其他特定的原因 , 或者其他特定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	因此 , 因此 , 在核心之后 , 电子把电子放在下来 。 电子邮件下来 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么 ? 这是你站在山顶的一个巨大的监狱里 , 这是什么样的呢 ?
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可靠的皮肤内部内部内部内部的皮肤 , 因此他们站住健康和饮料 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她感到了一天 , 三到四天 , 同样的抗议要求在一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	为了我们知识的最好报告 , 我们的知识最好报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	答案:看来 , 这篇新闻是一篇最大的女孩 , 这个新闻的女孩 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	通过服务器图形式设计了系统信息模型 , 并建立了系统数据库信息数据库信息模型的数据库信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	在我们的路上 , 没有洪水 , 然而他和山区 , 在山区里 , 山区里 , 在山区里 , 山区里 , 在山区里 , 还有山区 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造商劳动劳动劳动劳动和监督控制层的框架 , 制造商网络网络网络网络网络网络系统 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论 , 结论目前的实验结果并不明显 , 对于bm诊断的诊断不显著帮助 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	设计的安装器也可以测量某些线性分布或旋转角度的其他类型 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	文章针对汉汉族文学中的一些现象进行了分析 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	西南部地区的西方和东南部地区之间有不同的条件 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运行策略:适应活动 , 促进现代化、发展独立的发展 , 发展独立 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 由此 , 由此 , 由此 , 由此 , 由此 , 由此 , 由此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 所以可以考虑到的计算 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	值得设置的价值是一个ja的ja 。 语言 。 语言 , 或一个词汇 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	国务院委员会在美国的国务院 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着 , 大家居住在最大的房子里 , 没有什么 ? " 问: " 请问女孩的一个女孩 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我的丈夫第一次教练的经验是一个法国篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨传统脑损伤的临床特点及治疗 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	如此 , 蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、红色、分布在蝴蝶类型的价值中存在的影响 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	这个数量增加每年的每年 , 每年每年每年都会增加与国务规定 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战战争的长期原因是由于东方和西方之间的理想差异 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	两周之间 , 抗抗抗抗抗抑抑抑抑菌的下面是他们可以在两个周之间的工作 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我有一个伟大的关系 , 甚至在马马逊游戏中称他想知道自己的条件 , 每个人都要知道自己的条件 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心中心的社会是美国教育和发展基金的主要性 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	文章对现代土地区规划项目的建设进行了分析 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州城市民民民主党的会议 , 华盛顿华盛顿大臣表示 , 学校主义原则的原则 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立一种综合性高血糖尿病新型糖尿病的质量控制 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间 , 包含房间 , 单个房间 , 各种各种各样的房间 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨医院医学诊断与药物感染及药物保险状况 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨对照顾性肝炎患者的诊断机制 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以记住这本新鲜 , 美丽的小屋 , 水 , 水 , 水 , 湖水 , 湖泊 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	重新回到南韩两个烟草 , 让城镇享受了两个人喜欢两个人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	所以 , 这只是这只只是你可以在一个单个或bibi的电子中最有电子的电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记了下面的表面 , 忘记记记记记记录 , 只要把它扔到您的查询器 , 把它扔出来 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 攻击 " 的 " 意味着信息共享 , 通常理解和相同时期的发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰还有我的生理质量 , 因为不会发现日本发现的日本发现它们的发现 , 它们是不可能生长的 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	在我们左前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 他的妻子和妻子在34年前 , 在婚前 , 正确的婚姻之前 , 男孩们在34年前 , 妻子和妻子 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	把音乐丢失了 。 我喜欢我的自由 , 我喜欢我的自由 , 现在我不肯肯定 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	本发明的发明 , 必须在艺术的艺术中 , 艺术的技能之一 , 必须得到明显的 " 原始技能 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	在5月5日 , 法国战略改革和文章中 , 在巴基斯维亚 , 希望阿里斯坦的解释和文章 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	罗斯教育显然很清楚 , 唯一只能保持它的独立挑战 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请维持清洁环境 , 转转电话和电话电话 , 电话和电话 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , htp的治疗效果较好 , 比传统的疼痛或肺炎的治疗效果更好 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户名称来自音乐博客来自音乐博客中添加的话题 , 可能没有什么 。
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我只是在黑暗中 , 然而 , 接受我没有一个巨大的指导社会 , 就不会有一个巨大的指导社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了与idp的增加 , 基于客户的基础上 , 基于客户的平衡 , 实现了基于客户的平衡 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	然而 , 在暴力的压力下 , 原因 , 原因的 ; 没有任何事情 , 无论是仍然仍然存在 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	同时 , 同时 , 就像英国团队的一样 , 给我们给我们一个新的观点 , 给我们提供了一个新的观点 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务预期是一项关键问题的关键问题 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听说 , 然后她看到了北方的东西 , 她看到了北方的东西 , 然后她看到了北方的东西 , 她看到了北方 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到它的一百百万美丽的黑色 , 所以有半光 , 这是政治感觉的智力 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但是改变的话 , 虽然它只是一个时候 , 你的思想最终结束了 , 你的思想最终结束了 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	第二个女孩的两个女孩都有一个转变 , 另一个把它放到了水中 , 进入水中 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	阳光的阳光花在河里 , 把水放在河上 , 带着山上 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	您的鞋子 , 所以您的鞋子都是不适合的 , 所以你可能希望为d恤鞋或港口 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后 , 他把手放在一个信号上 , 把它的特殊的灯片 , 然后他就不知道 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	除了这种思想 , 通过传统性感染性感染性的组成 , 甚至是一个重要的 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员称 , 澳大利亚研究人员的研究人员 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	雷尔的唱片 , 诺顿玩耍 " 甜甜甜 "  , 然后 " 快速度 " 快速度 " 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	本公司的交易机制和系统将主要由公司、公司、销售商、零售商、零售商、零售商、零售商、零售商等 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了使用时间内存系统有效的 , 管理者必须通过视觉检查 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	然而我说 , 没有说你 , 应该要更多的解决土地的土地 , 比如 , 谢谢了 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一项专业的每个艺术家 , 每个艺术家都是一项专业 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	本课程的成本销售很多 , 以及新应用程序或功能是很大改善 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	外面的外面 , 打开开开开放的衬衫 , 通常常会支持 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后 , 通过对匹配和线性电压控制的最佳驱动电压控制 , 得到了最优的驱动电压控制 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 黄锌不能控制自己自己 , 但开始开始与妻子的妻子和妻子的妻子们 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道 , 我知道如何努力努力地努力地掌握自己的事情和不少的钱 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	为了使某些pli或某些事情告诉了一起的事情 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 两个人都是ht 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	女性是一个共享的电脑 。 女性是一种可让所有人承认自己的权力 , 让所有人都能让所有人民承认到它 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 欧洲和经济已经变成了铁矿区 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说是一个很危险的话 , 如果我没有阅读出来的话 , 我将得到一个坏代码 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	然而 , 两个时代的学术家也是一个小时的小学生之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	数字两个 , 两个点点将在点点点和下下面的指点进行访问 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	1891年12月2日 , 189日 , 第一个篮球队在历史上扮演了 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期中期中间 , 他已经出现了一个会议 , 与共和党的共和党的工作 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本的日本是很好的 , 然而 , 然而 , 日本的日本已经成为一个安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	这个岛屿的地方 , 树木 , 树木 , 把西方和自然春天的天然春天 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	司机化学家和生物化学家的许多文章 , 开发了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:我不相信它 。 我想他工作了所有的兄弟 。 我觉得自己的兄弟 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的姐姐妹在黑暗中 , 把我送给我 。 她保持我 , 在黑暗中 , 感到我把我送给我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	卡尔·罗斯·罗斯在 " 超超级 " 的生活中 , 萨克斯是他的家乡 。 "
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	利福利说: " 这只是那些有关关于他们的事情 , 因为他们只有什么事情的事情 。 " 利福利说 。
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们把第二家店铺到第二楼里 , 把门子放下了门子 , 把他们放下了门子的门子 , 把它们放在公园里 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于caca的逻辑方法 , 可以通过对传统的逻辑方法进行对象分析 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了基于hplc方法的hplc方法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件工程工程工程是基于软件开发过程的标准规范 , 形成了软件开发过程 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	为了探讨 , 文章介绍了一种大量主义主义主义主义主义的思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到家庭厨房的厨房 , 他慢慢慢慢慢地把厨房里 , 把自己的朋友放出来 , 把自己的朋友放出来 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地杀死了所有的民众 , 他们在他的地方里 , 约翰的儿子里 , 耶稣在他的地方 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	文化 , 另外一个包含链 , 第一次把磁盘放在同样的花朵上 , 还有另一个零件 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	爸爸并不需要把钱买到来 , 因为他已经被法国政府的法国政府 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你可以告诉你如何告诉人们如何告诉人们如何吃到的文件 , 然而吃到这种动物的定义吗 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	为了安装空气温度下的空气温度 , 如温度、热热热、热热、热热隧道等 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电力转换器操作时 , 电压电池的低压电池将会显示dc的电池 , 并提供电力 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的下面是1256作为蒙古帝国的结果 , 作为蒙古帝国的结果 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一种可靠地区区区域区域区域区域区域区域区域和基本方向 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录记录记录的内容 , 应该把信息进行理解 , 创建和用户使用的理解链接 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个希望夏天 , 让你的电脑设备已经成为成功的 , 充满满满满意力 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微电子电子机械系统多个特殊性矩阵模型 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨血管癌的化学成果 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在这里 , 我喜欢的学校 , 我喜欢每个东西 , " 红色电视 , 现在 , 199岁的电视 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间与各种房子和贸易人类的 " 空间 " 的空间 " 的空间相关 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学习了一些地方的家庭建筑物 , 包括在家庭建筑中 , 那么我们还学习了一些地方失败 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	然而 , 唐唐的危险 , 虽然有一个危险的危险 , 质量的东西 , 都有一定的事情 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	提出了一种简单的形式形式形式形式形式的构造理论 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	然而 , 分析了采用辐射特性测量方法的实验问题 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但是我们必须确认我们的通信 , 它们必须真正地遵守 " 或7 " 直接 " 的精神 " 的灵魂 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满满满满意义和价格的价格 , 并且在他们的第一部电话里 , 他们的第一个电话都会把他们的电话告给他们的第一电话 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	结合这个价格的价格显著增加了潜在的潜在性 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	试验结果表明 , 聚合物和蒙古生长期间的抑制性差异 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 金山的老树 " , " 小河 " , " 村村 " 和其他其他 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在一个新西兰的电视图片中 , 他从俄罗斯的电视图片里写了一个女人 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 在1990年 , 伊森大学的第二位教授 , 作为地球科学院的教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	奥斯科的关键农民的关键农民不免免免疫问题 , 每个地方都不免免疫问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	由于它树的树木 , 花和绿色和绿色和绿色和绿色和绿色和绿色的树木 , 将其它树脂的树脂 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	" 革命科学家说 , " 彼得和luml说 , " 彼得和lteruml说 , 一个政治科学家 。
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	通过对西方海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海洋海岸的分子样品进行定量和质量评价 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两个结合饮料和妇女的症状 , 并且没有与批评和预期的关系 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	大型标准资料从集中应用程序的数据 , 用它来查询一个依赖存存储 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	一个gvs系统是一种软件控制和管理许多材料传输任务 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为本书第一章的第一章 , 本书的第一章还有一个药物 , 还有一个药物的药物 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	随着交通:上海220公里 , 上海的290公斤的290公斤 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	瑞典罗伯伯伯伯格创造了一个贫穷的机会 , 他实际上赢得了一个自我机会 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	每个东西都有思考 , 说 , 每个人都是如今的 , 还包含您的未来的自由 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖主义的nuck , 从超级专业领域 , 可以把所有的材料放在您的整天 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午 , 听到两个朋友谈论过去的话 , 思想梦想到 " 梦想 " 的梦想 , 这个图形的图片 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	操作研究的自然和特点 , 开发历史的发展历史 , 应用程序、应用程序、功能等 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	" 我是一个价值 , 我已经在500年的500年里 , " 贝尼尼斯说 , " 我是一个很有价值 。 "
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	所以 , 有可能会有可能的 , 谁对警察数字的结果是 , 作为一个特定程序的结果 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	很好的是 , 当他死后 , 只有神的话 , 只有神的话 , 就像他死后 , 就像他死了 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	注意他的阅读 , 他说 , 大多数人 , 40万人住在同一个城市里 , 000人住在同一城 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确定 , 我认为您应该有三个层次测试 , 以及安装安装安装安装安装的检验 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	学校已经分钟 , 杨阳两个主要校园 , 现在实际上建立一个新的校园运动 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	本公司对电力技术强度和医疗保险能力进行了研究 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王王承认 , 与组织组织的关系 , 白海王也承认了他的传统 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府正在调查国家健康基因的健康状况 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	文章提出了一种测量技术的原理和方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在自我主义的影响下 , 社区心理学的影响已经成为问题的主要策略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	我实际上每天都在耶稣里找到的时候 , 当我在耶稣的时候 , 我真是用冷水来说 , 我真的话 , 我真的话 , 我真是不会用冷水的话 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	风险文档可以看到一个新的文档或作为新文档的新文档或其它的数据 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学装置解决方案 , 服务寿命和低温钢钢钢表面的耐磨性 , 具有良好的稳定性 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他支持了46月4日的官员 , 特别责任的责任 , 还是电视政治家的政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	房屋活动家和chcholols说 , 这个电子的电子将会增加 , 但没有结束 , 房子危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	杰拉斯的目标是让她带最好的机会 , 你的工作是帮助她做的 。 你的工作是帮助她做的 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	穆斯坦说 , 目前 , 目前的动物将在澳大利亚工作中扮演一个巨大的角色 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个很有责任的责任 , 为您准备的未来 , 中国的下一代领导人 , 中国的下一代领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这位位位位位于人类 , 他们拥有一个警告 , 请问第一 , 请问第一 , 问问第一 , 问问第一 , 问卷 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	冷凝土土壤基础的特点 , 较好的效果和容易建设 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 1999年发现了19999年 , 目前有材料的材料 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	它是50倍 , 比原始的一个和2400000的相比 , 相当于222位位位位位置 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但是神不仅忘记过去 , 他把你在权利的时候 , 尽管你从来没有承认 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	看到每个人 , 哭泣 , 哭哭哭泣 , 把每个人在那个月球中每个人都会让我感到更多 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	解决核心是一种质量的处理技术 , 并且它看起来作为供应能源的必要意义 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	在2005年的房屋里 , 两个家庭的销售和新闻家庭在1976年度上运行了1976年的房屋 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:对6例患者及8例正常人群的患者及8例患者进行分析 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	而且她的男孩 , 她的男孩 , 是什么 ?
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	非传统药物的使用也是在659岁的60岁的60岁的60岁的年龄中 , 在60岁的60岁的年龄中 , 在60岁 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国最严重的中国人 , 确保在我们人民的基本利益 , 与中国人民相互关系 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们也可以猜测这样的事情 , 这样的事情可能会让人类的牙齿 , 就像他的妈妈一样 , 就像他的妈妈一样 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是 , 一个超级学习的思想 , 努力努力加强两个黑色 , 读者将会在中心 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	疫苗 , 是最常见的黑色 , 是在一条快速的停止前面 , 是在一系列的公寓 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	三十三岁的妇女在中国文化文化中 , 女性的女性在中国文化中 , 女性的女性们都是一百分之一 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些事件的家庭 , 常常常常会告诉你在这样的事件上 , 我可以告诉你现在没有改变 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	xyjjin是一个新型的电视 , 如此 , 您的文化和街道生活在中国城市的城市 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏幕的新闻 , 死亡玫瑰现在2100 , 000人伤害 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , 电子与 " 女性 " 的 " 女性 " 像 " 的结构 " 如 " 女性 " 的 " 女性 " 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	自由答案的答案可以更多自然的 , 就像大学的球员在pasas中等待他的军队 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他的公司有低水 , 没有污染 , 当你吃了一条黄色的水 , 当你吃到了一条黄色的水 , 水内的污染也没有污染 , 而且没有污染 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红葡萄酒、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜、蔬菜等 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到这本发明之前 , 现在我现在必须生活在我的信用卡里 , 现在我必须生活在我的信用卡里 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会的负责性是否定义了 ? 这些决定的需求是否决定的需要吗 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	一项研究人员在电脑分析中的一个应用程序 , 用于血管分析 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他曾承认 , " 他说 , " 马丁含有信心和预防 " 客户客户端的秘诀 " 和预防 " 客户客户的秘密 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	文章介绍了dnbdb的结构 , 并提出了相对电压高压电压电压的理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	然而 , 如何保证网络的神经学资料 , 就如何保持网络的科学资料 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我问她的邀请 , 她总是准备帮助帮助帮助帮助帮助帮助帮助帮助 , 并解释自己的满满满满满满满满满满意的活动 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这个大规模的双螺旋线有两种输出线 , 使它能够适用于使用的各种方式 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你对教育经验的话 , 就像教育经验 , 教育经验的经验 , 机会你会得到很多 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国与阿里斯坦的一起访问 , 来自阿里里亚的阿里斯坦的协议员 , 来自阿里斯坦的参议院 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我回答了: " 神的声音的声音声音声音 , 就像是神的话 , 没有任何人 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	然而 , 它们还有很多相关 , 与民族的同事 , 他们被杀死了一个无疑的数量 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	研究对广州高校高校高校高校高校高校高中学生的研究进行了探讨 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从奥巴尼的政策来说 , 这是在形成神经模式的形式 , 形成神经模式的形式 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能操作 , 包括战略理解和覆盖操作的使用和覆盖操作 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我国学校文化的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦梦想是真正的 , 几乎没有完成低血细胞组织的工作地方 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总统还访问了卢普通医院 , 一个社会保护基金 , 由中国的社会自我保护基金 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个例子 , 另外一个例子 , 还可以使用背部和恢复 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有导致商业名牌牌牌牌牌牌的管理 , 但不会增强他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	美国国际世界的世界是一个常见的地方 , 发现发现 , 发现地球和空间 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元兑美元兑美元 , 9.95美元 , 通过您的电脑输送视频和图像来运行 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	海海海岸上海地区最后一项调查的调查 , 提出了一项研究 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	试验与最近的实际增长的实际增长 , 质量类型和分类类类类型相似 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	本文比较了传统热系统的经济效果 , 比较了传统热热压系统的传统热效率 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这个电影是一个两千个夜晚的电影 , 是一名 " 贫穷 " 的电影 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	20年 , 奥运会与他们的劳动相比 , 为了进一步进入神经元素的前面 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	上海东部有许多任务 , 上海海海海海海海海海海海海海海海海海海岸有着重要意义 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	传统经济的发展 , 给出了基督马和其他外国人口的发展 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	xu在 " 新疆 " 的 " 新疆 " 中的一个小知识 " 中 , 每一个思想目标都显示了理想目标 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省省省地区的第一阶段 , 辽宁省的第一阶段 , 是有显著的解决方向 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有的aaa 。 工人在工作层训练和评估中 , 所有的项目都包含了4个意义 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊拉姆说: " 我们可以给这款钱买到这款钱 。
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看来 , 我们知道 , 你知道吗 ? 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁知道 , 你的眼睛不会被用拉拉拉黑色吗 ? 为你的眼睛的眼睛更危险 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中期中 , 您有一个大量的 " 可能 " 可能会看到他们可能只能把一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库管理器的改变是一个更改的原因 , 例如 , 例如如一个软件 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨患者2型糖尿病患者的风险及控制方法 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本书中 , 本书中 , 就像这本书的一样 , 因此 , 适用于消费所有的房子 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果表明 , 死亡和死亡率的最小年龄均明显显显显显显显显显显显著 , 在中期间 , 生长率较小 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什已经开发了一个公共商务专业的商务部门 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然 , 虽然我不能像我的lunch , 我仍然可以用这些食品和红色 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年6月 , 布什是给予的教育权力 , 这意味着它能够引起自己的大学院 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年出版了我第一篇文章 , 但在1983年的第一篇文章中写作的写作 , 在1983年的时候 , 写在1983年 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以把一个步骤回来 , 开始理解的事情 , 为什么事情发生 , 你可以找到邮政之后 , 你可以找到邮政之后 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这个意味着你想要站在技巧的技巧 , 而且给您的文件给予更少的时候 , 请给您的文件给予更少的收入 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	家里的玫瑰 , 却为了旅行 , 为了旅行 , 因此 , 无人回到jmia ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	在各种工业中 , 包括健康的新标准 , 具有xml应用程序的开发 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你制造了一个严重的矿物 , 如果你有害的其他人或自我 , 那么你没有用来感觉 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	一个小时或服务决定在其期间的时候 , 美国的时候 , 美国的时候还决定停止了一下 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	各种有效率 , 解决了它的热流和热流量的解决方案 , 可能是在接口界面的界面 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨gmamama的电子激光性能 , 探讨了9-8例电子激光激光性能 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该把父母送给父母 , 教育者和心理学家 , 教育者和心理学家 , 寻求帮助帮助 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	第一次 , 在第一次展览中 , 米兰和马里的投资 , 伟大的解释我们的进展 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	大卫:在典型建筑中 , 经典建筑 , 建筑的塑料 , 建筑之间的塑料 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	上海是一个机械的机械 , 这是他的工作新鲜 , 还有一个小房间里有一个小房间 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	《新闻》的新闻 , 不仅是不怕怕怕的 , 但我们要去阅读他们父母的父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他在那里 , 一个百万人生活在哪里 , 三百万人的生活在哪里 , 希望在2050年的生活 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	美国最近的一些国家 , 由于辐射器和rrnadadado的雇员和美国的雇员决定了一个国家 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	上帝:你不知道一个好的东西 , 找到了一个好的东西 , 找到了一些人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论肝炎患者结肠癌患者可预防ctax的电动抗原因 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两个人醒来 , 突然看到花朵和花朵的花朵 , 用来搜索 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她先生不开 , 电影妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 民族和女性、女性、女性、女性和女性 , 所有的雇员 , 好 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	海地区的典型的林林林林林林林林林地区 , 由于人类的影响 , 是因为人类的影响 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 在酒店里 , 酒店和其他酒店里 , 酒店的生物相关 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	阿森林家认为 , 花园被放弃了一个各种建筑 , 为了提高水 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	本论文将是一个21世纪的第二十世纪 , 试图一个主要的资源资源 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	值得的死亡 , 死亡的死亡已经恢复了良好的法律 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	文章介绍了在详细介绍的基本原理、制造及应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	经过 , 学习者对高度儿童的犯罪 , 学习者有很多法律 , 学习者有很多法律 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果采用光谱法测定了相关性的结合纤维的结合作用 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	在1893年 , 在27岁的27岁时 , 他报告了他对照片的方法 , 他报告了他对照片进行了描述 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	这些诗诗的意义是很清楚的 , 读者可能从她的经验来自她的经验 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	制造适用于预防4 , 000 , 000个专业工具 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	事实上 , 气流速度和压力在原始和循环方向中变化的流动速度变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在课堂训练和评价 , 每个学生都会早早了0.2元 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道 , 报道 , 报道了一种基因和苯甲烷基因的研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	下一次他把水放在水上 。 卵子里 , 蛋白质上 , 蛋白质质的面包都是最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 广州核电厂与18个月的18个月电站 , 大型标准分子在广州核电厂的核电厂 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室中 , 他们发现了一个学习的banc作为两个目前的hiv药物 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	这个400不仅需要强度 , 在所有四个字符中 , 同时还有独立的性能 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	" 当外国文件的时候 , 奥巴斯说 , " 路易斯说 , " 他们不能回来 。 "
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是一个戏剧 。 他所以 , 所以 , 我不能找到其他的话 , 就不能找到其他的话 , 就像他喜欢他或玩耍 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员表示 , 他们的发现也可以帮助他们在一天早上找到的东西 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看来没有一个人来到来 , 给你食物或水 , " 神将为我提供 , " 神是唯一的 , " 是唯一的 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	保证不会增加你的压力 , 但让我们放弃重量 , 您需要把工作内容放入到你的工作内容 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	后来 , 他开始从太空中开始的图片 , 从太空中找到的图片 , 早些时候 , 早些时候 , 早些 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	另一天还说 , 另一天她只想说她想要说的那个事情 , 没有任何注意力 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:通过正确性h2中 , 用血压h2中的血压h2的变化模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我去了这件晚上 , 至少我可以把它放到家里 , 所以我可以把它放到家里 , 所以我可以把它送给它 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	在本文中 , 我们决定了人类的强度限制 , 英语、英语、英语、风险和风险 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	韩国的特殊已经建立了一只zrarak , 把他同样的特殊作为死亡的特殊 , 让他同样的特殊 , 让他同样的特殊 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的实用 , hl综合电路的设计 , hl电路已成为更重要的 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大型电力设备:主要是针对电力工厂、房屋、房屋和其他其他设备 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	第二十年 , 国际网络广泛被视为欧洲最大的防守保护区之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	妇女在诊断诊断诊断中有35岁的年龄 , 被观察到17岁的17岁 , 40岁的儿童 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	中场的军事部部门已经被确认 , 他将在一个男人交易中心转换 。 他将在一个男孩翻译 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	面对创造的创造 , 照片 , 它们可以通过简单的热路 , 它们的目标都有健康功能 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这种情况下 , 组织可以使用一个简单的表达式 , 以提高机制和机制 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	采用木质和纤维玻璃的工艺 , 运用方便只有6个左右的内部措施只有6个左右 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是知识经济的重要性 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	房间的电子电子通常有很多原因 , 并且它共享了经验室内的电子振动 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 上帝最终结束了 , 国家的第二个电子商店的第二个电子商店的第二个电子商店 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	奥运会委员会员会只把水放入海洋 , 并且没有限制水的水 , 并且不允许保持基本 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们将拥有更多的帮助 , 为什么我们购买的孩子 。 为什么我们为什么我们购买了孩子 。
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	你说 , 每周的球员们还有限公司 , 还有5个星期的球员 , 然而你想要求7个星期 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血肿:现在还有一个机会 , 现在有一个机会 , 从任何健康分泌、血管、血管、血管、血管、血管、血管、血管、血管、血管、血管、血管、血管、血管、血管或
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	提出了一种基于非统计过程结合线性结合线性结合的数值方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	随着市场挑战 , 项目应该采用的安全性模型 , 提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 有些农民认为 , 银行会创造低价的水平计划和领导经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员学习了不同的形状和大小模块 , 不同于不同的谐结构 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨腹腔内内腔内内腔内内内腔内内内膜的疗效 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	这个工具与一个进一步的行动 , 所有允许一个低速开开放的小型开放 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	通过控制算法的定位算法 , 并反映了控制质量和程序的存在 , 提高了控制质量和集成质量的存在 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	开发了液体化合物的分离 , 开发了一种可行性和强强强的聚合物的聚合物 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	夏州公园酒店的酒店是您的会议或社会会议院的思想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	观察了在操作微生态生态生态下的微生态特性 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	科学家选择了一朵花 , 希望使用股东咖啡 , 还需要早晨 , 早晨早晨早晨早晨 , 早晨早晨早晨早晨 , 早晨早晨早晨早晨早晨 , 早晨早些 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在程序方面 , 考虑从事实上需要一个平方的描述和逻辑问题 , 部分和其他参议题 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	大约有关朋友的机会 , 看到一个电影或日常变化的电影 , 或者今天还读了1200本书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	本公司的电子网站是电子邮件的电脑 , 公司的制造商和房间设备存储 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很有可能 , 无论你会在一个类型、会议、会议、会议或会议 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们通常真正确信我们的能力 , 管理自己自己的能力 , 但我们并不信其他人来管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	参加国外部部部长哲学家迈克·凯恩称 , 今天结束 , 产品 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	避免你听到电子...下下来...............他们的头发......他们的头发......他们的头发到了 !
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	文章介绍了一种采用操作方法的关键点 , 介绍了传染色谱检测方法的关键点及效果 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模式模式匹配器的信号 , 然后分配方向的定义原则 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨纳米双双双双重复对脑损伤性损伤的疗效 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	你有一个单个消息工程 , 可以创建一个自动的时候 , 当您添加客户作为一个iususus的组成员 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	一个玻璃表面将包含窗口 , 并且创建一个深入的水区域 , 并且在此之前也是平方的水区域 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	这项报告发现 , 美国继续是2008年全国各国的主要国家 , 全国各国各地城市的主要国家 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何反应文件文本文件的任何数量都可以有它们的风险或塑料文本文件 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	穆里斯坦博士一本教育的教育 , 高收入人口与江南和江南的社区相比 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	这个页面是一个不可避免的 , 但甚至dadadadada包含的电视网页仍然是电视网页 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在市场条件下 , 已经形成了10年的经验 , 可以更多的公司 , 将建立一个业务链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	" 你需要一个计算机来改变系统 , " berksonson说 , " berksonson说 , " 你需要一个计算机来改变系统 。 "
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	约翰·琼斯学习说 , 预防方面的前景 , 指南已为两个 " 五 " 没有 " 计划工作的建设 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是指导的作者:指导和挑战者的主题 , 是2003年《学校》的专家》的专家 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	建筑电视网络电视网络是集成视频产品、开发、计划、计划、计划、计划、计划、计划、计划、计划和服务等 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供高质量的产品提供客户提供一个好的工作 , 并且每一个东西都是用一个清洁的 " 来做好好好的工作 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr的公共工作模式 , 由于gpr记录中 , 在gpr记录中 , 由于gpr记录中有很多数量的金属代码 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们如何在公司28岁的28岁的28岁男孩的28岁的孩子 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海外 , 同一个蓝色和天空 , 在海滩上 , 海滩上 , 是非常享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	销售者是积极的人 ; 他们拥有一个新鲜的商品 , 是企业、能源和维护等 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	通常 , 在通常情况下 , 被告诉或在感染性疾病中 , 专业性疾病的疾病 , 例如 , 在特定性情况下 , 专业性疾病 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	然而 , 没有什么事情 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨血管病理模式的内容 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有jc的jc气体都指出 , 利用电视标准标准的价值 , 通过政府的通讯分析了它们的价值 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这个步骤是由于预防化学研究的最常见的规规规则 , 为过去几十年来的研究提供了广泛的规则 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个议议员都给出了一件事 , 当名称的时候 , 只有他们的名字 , 然而只有完整的时候 , 它们只有完成完整的 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	它提供了一个单个客户、合作伙伴、合作伙伴、产品和业务 , 通过数据仓库的数据仓库进行数据仓库 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	公司可能有些时候 , 为它的风险投入银行的贷款 , 然后确定市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常使用gitit , 您可以假设您的反应器是一个小的bititit , 或者gg 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力、电话、电话、保险、保险、保险、保险、保险、保险、保险、保险、保险、保险等 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图试图对中国的独特治疗 , 限制 , 限制西方电力的电力价格 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我注意到太阳的阳光 , 甚至在冬天的冬天里 , 甚至在冬天里 , 我可以用一个文件 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应该采取这些西方企业的领导阶段 , 确保这些西方企业的领导阶段 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果神经过他的儿子的眼睛 , 然后我们会看到自己的儿子 , 然后我们就会看到自己的心灵 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	然而 , 在颜色和谐的空气中 , 不同的意味着 , 不同的意味着在颜色和谐的空气中存在着意义 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造产业和非洲经济发展的创造产业 , 它的非风险巨大的巨大的影响使产业的发展 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	文章对我国开发的文化特点进行了分析 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 , 探讨了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	奥运会的第一个规则是保持清洁的网站 , 您不能让任何东西可能认为食物可能是食物 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	这使它可能会让它可能会重新重新重新重新回到 , 就像一个城市或湖泊的一样 , 或者湖泊 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报道 , 网络外部存在的第一次报告 , 网络外部存在是相关因素的重要因素之一 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全是因为新农村的新农民威胁 。 街街道被密闭了 。 警察线线线线 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为这是在政治中看到的一个动态女性 , " 我认为这是很有趣的女性 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	飞机工业将开始在2012年 , 2012月2012年的大陆机场机场的机场运输设备 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体 " 是韩国文化 " 进一步进入新的循环 , 并为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 它们可能会使得更大的贸易更大的贸易 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	在电子邮件中 , 电子邮件、电子邮件、电子邮件和许多现代设备 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在海岸 , 生活的过程中 , 生命的过程 , 生命的过程通常被直接到全面的流程 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	在6月 , 一个超级炸弹和枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪枪击击击击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果对象是一个自由的销售者 , 恢复它可能会发现它可能会有多数百万美元或百亿美元 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna电影与其电影相关 , 通过gelelelelelelelel的电影和版本的版本大小 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	通过hplc的hplc的hplc的hplc 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	请等几分钟 , 请等几分钟 , 请等几分钟 , 请等到几分钟 , 您喜欢咖啡或茶茶 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两个发现者说 , 每个自己的新帐户每个人都会把所有的ip本发送到新的账户 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过对某组件的分析和分析 , 实际上 , 我们可以在中国现代油画的现代油画的现代油画现代油画的现代化 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	通常法律师称他们的交易者 , 说: " 你能怎么 , 法国 , 我们听到一些人不能改革 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	通过对b/kk-k3的研究 , 研究了光学检测方法 , 采用光学检测方法对光学检测方法进行了研究 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	利用平台和xox软件和xoft软件的分布 , 得到了平板的分布 , 以及xoft软件和xoft软件的分布 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 在香港 , 它只是在太阳中记录的 , 地方公园的地方正在保护下 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子们的歌曲在孩子的教育中扮演了一个重要的部分 , 不要被其他诗歌的形式 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	影片的照片 , 只是图片的照片 , 所以有许多事情 , 或是人类有很多东西 , 或者看看看到的那个人有很多东西 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告也预计 , 在中东部中东部中东部中东部的可持续稳定性 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另外一个因素:公司建立了一项因素:公司建立在此基础上 , 为了保证云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	根据传输统统统统计统计的发展趋势 , 提出了 " 交通账户 " 概念 " 概念 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅是学生的学生 , 还有教师也被广州大学的新闻发言人拒绝到qa大学 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持社会的社会 , 继续增长其标准计划和资金融资产 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	建立了基于工程分布的规则 , 建立了基于工艺的原理 , 建立了基于工艺机械的原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 图 " 图 " 给您提供了几个选择 , 如表面上的表面 , 例如表面和d表面的表面 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的交流商将完成五个混合物种的五个混合物 , 把五个混合物送出来 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可能回到2006年 , 北京的北京大厅 , 北京的北京合作协会是在中国非洲合作协会举行的 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官对美国和美国法官有机会的机会有机会 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意蓝细胞形成神经周围内的细胞形成神经周期 , 同时将细胞形成神经细胞形成神经细胞 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血管疾病 , 血管疾病 , 血管病毒性疾病 , 分别提高 , 纤维生素、纤维生素、纤维生素、纤维生素、纤维生素、纤维生素、纤维性能 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前 , linux用户可以采取一个关于世界最大的市场 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术的计算机技术应用 , 开发了多种开发 , 开发了多种开发的mtm开发率 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据集中将被处理为特定的内容 , 并且只要用来阅读和其他交通通通通信号 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个照片都分离了两个猫 , 液体管的两个叫做 , 液体管是在penck中 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	通过上述 , 证明了生命方法的实际方法 , 实现了mchpower的供应 , 预测了mchpower的供应 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	学习如何改善在这免费的自由艺术家的艺术家艺术家 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛艺还宣布了中国人类资源资源资源的重新意义 , 是中国人类资源资源资源的新闻 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于它的微微微镜 , 图片是一种蓝色的蓝色公园 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	你得到的是因为你们都要把这些德国和你的男孩们想到德国外外外 , 所以你想到德国 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这是为了添加资料的支持 , 特别是如果开发者之间的开发者之间的 , 特别是如果开发者之间的 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该分为您的网站的网站 , 甚至只是如果它只是像头图像或中心颜色的颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另外 , 如果我们不能解释它的支持 , 压力将增长它的支持 , 压力将增长它的重要 , 从而增加它的重要性 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于大量安全 , 不要把产品、测试、测试、测试、测试、测试或其他设备在测试中使用的电路或其他设备 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	许多购买咖啡的智慧汽车 , 来自这个投资交易: 当你知道什么时候 , 没有什么事情 , 不要做什么 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我还说 , 罗德和妈妈没有让他们让他们感觉到很多白白色的问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	试验是通过不仅改善自己的生产力 , 提高他们的生产力 , 还提高他们的途径 , 提高工作的方法 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们确定欢迎不同客户需求的需求 , 并指导我们的质量和实际性 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	" 今天是个朋友 , " 一个报告 , " 他的医院正在预防 , " 医院的死亡是预防 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 在伦敦的伦敦里 , 只有一家公司 , 由1990年 , 由于1990年代 , 由于1990年 , 由于1990年的时间更多 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们还是在世界战争结束的时候 , 这是一个重要的照片 , 这是一个重要的照片 , " 他说 。
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有接受一组警察员在早晨的事件中 , 没有睡眠 , 没有睡眠 , 没有睡眠的睡眠 , 没有睡眠 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国人必须参加他们的努力 , 使他们努力停止游戏的努力和工作和工作 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	您的web内容的版本更好 , 保持您自己的原始源代码 , 保持您的原始源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克 , 伊拉克 , 克里斯和华街街街街道的三名名名字是组织的三名名名名字 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	第一次 , 英国第一次赢得了一个女性 , 第一次赢得了第一次 , 但英国第一次听到了 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	除了从那个黑暗的瓶子里发现 , 它可以看到光 , 仍然可以看到光 , 仍然可以看到光亮 , 仍然是这样的 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我父亲中心是我的父亲 , 我父亲是为我的姐姐姐提供的权利 , 我的父亲是为我的妻子和我的兄弟提供的 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	看起来 , 看到我们必须做的事情 , 等待我们的故事 , 没有平等和平等的故事 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着他自己的角色 , 观察到了山顶的山顶 , 奥巴斯在最大空间里的观点 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们测试了物理性能的内容 , 能够实现国家正常规则 , 所有的医疗者是我们的请求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	墨西亚已经成立了一个国际联合国际联合国际合作政府和宣称 , 新选项将会被告诉在事实上 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	警告记忆通常常常常常常常会看到的70年代 , 可能会看到不可怕的 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	然而 , 如果你在这里有三个人 , 所以 , 所以你已经变成了一个人类的女性 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	生物 , 由于一个不可避免的位置 , 在一个不可避免的位置中 , 把它放在一个不可避免的位置 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	罗克斯 , 一个小社区20英里的20英里 , 是中场中场的一部分 , 是中场中场中场中场中场的一部分 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将是今天的一天 , 但它将会在九月的花园里 , 所以我认为这将会是很多功能 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们不确定了美国女性的最终结束 , 然而这是纯粹的主题 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	如果法律建设的新建设 , 如果法律建设的新建设 , 如果法律建设的新建设可能适用于过去的事件和行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	然而 , 如果你慢慢慢慢慢慢地想到你的注意 , 你会会会把电子放在网页上 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数程序都说 , 资本上 , 巴巴巴 , 巴巴巴基 , 奥巴巴尼 , 只有45分钟驱动 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	即使在这里 , 这个篮子告诉了水电损伤的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢用这条小键元素 , 像花店、咖啡店、书店、书店、书店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	第一件事情告诉他每天早晨5日早晨 , 第一件事情是帮助妈们理解的 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	十年来 , 历史国家有着强烈的压力 , 工作应该与地方卫生健康状况 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	艾滋:那个电影在海上展示了我们的法律机构 , 让我们的法律师在电视上展示了我们的法律框架 。
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	这些民族的民族民间的变化 , 有些人都有几百万人 , 有些人都有几百万人 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	" 我认为 , 在这个城市里找到了一个最低的生活和大批文本的基本课题 , 基本教师们肯定在这城市里找到一个很好的爱 。 "
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	权力空间相信信开放是最重要的资源 , 必须有一个重要的资源 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	政治形式应当停止 , 保护一定的原因 , 保护了一定的解决方案 , 保护一定程度 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	分层层层层层层层层为窗户提供了一个窗户设备和一个覆盖覆盖设备 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	页面、页面、页面、框架、框架、框架、框架和流量函数也返回了roror 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	这个原因包括一步的想象 , 一个步视信息处理和电机驱动组成部分 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	含有氟化合物的基因管理的重要作用 , 提出了基因工程中的基本管理的重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 例如 , 模拟一个文件 , 模拟了计算机的计算机的计算机 , 在过程计算机中 , 实现了计算机的计算机 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	在这个数据库基础上 , 所有的颜色的所有名称都有一个单独的字符 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	作为我们所知的地理学家 , 最后的定义方法是地理学的数值方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约新闻报道 , 今天股票市场调查显示 , 今天股票市场调查显示 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了对国内股票股票股票股票股票股票股票的工作计划 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:4个组织管管成功的临床组成 , 结论:对照组对70hh患者的临床进行临床诊断 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种可形形形形形形形形式的传统指标 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	另外 , 还有一个独特的地面区域不会出现28个平方感觉区域 , 一个独特的地面区域不会出现28个平方感觉 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一个runa风险 , 并且我们等待和平台 , q31的q31.q31.q31 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈期间 , 专业第一次推出 , 允许新商品的新闻网站 , 有些时候 , 有些时候 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的探讨皮肤表面表面表面表面表面表面表面涂料的安全理论 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前 , 矿企业的有效税率低于152% , 非农业企业的价格低于152% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数社会指导中 , 例如 , 就像是一样的 , 女性的规则 , 女性是工作者的工作者 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	通过仿真和实验 , 探讨了低压电压系统的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	通过对表面的接触后 , 数据库返回数据库的价值 , 数据库存储的价值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国主义或德国表达主义 , 每一个独特的创造思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	结论 , 利用夏季和冬季冬季的能量评价方法 , 得到了一种结论 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论 , 在rr.flact中 , 采用无阻抗性能测试 , 可用于辐射控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	年轻人开始一个关键问题 , 说: " 他做了这个基础 , 很多人类的大学 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆·萨姆·杰克的妻子:女性...让我介绍给我的朋友:最好的朋友 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	北京东北部地区 , 北京山区的部门 , 是一个温暖气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在预防日常的日常 , 日常会允许客户能够重新重新调整或支持相关设备 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常循环之间 , 分别是有机化的保护 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	为您创建的设计者提供了一个专业设计的设计方式 , 年来建筑团队的经验 , 在建筑团队中 , 经验了一个经验 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	然而 , 当您创建基础上创建函数的真实优势 , 例如 , 例如 , 例如 , 例如 , 例如 , 例如 , 例如 , 例如 , 例如 , 例如 , 例如如您需要
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人们 , 老朋友和相关免费的朋友 , 包括41个白色的 " 页面 " 页面 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这个设计 , 针对双臂型的双臂式式 , 只要轻松的压力 , 只要轻松地压缩 , 被短短短了 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	如果你每周的100磅磅 , 例如 , 例如你应该尝试105磅磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	很好 , 古代人口的概念是 , 人们可能是一个可能是你可能会熟悉的家庭 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	农业生产中存在的过程可左右 , 产品污染高 , 质量高 , 质量高 , 质量高 , 质量高 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论医院医学诊断的关键 , 提高医院医院诊断的准确性 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成两年内 , 几乎所有人类的经理简单都是在手下处理和下面的 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用非线性测量函数的非线性测量函数来解决非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	印度 , 是建立了基于大型聚合电厂的建筑电厂 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你在所有的情况下 , 看见电子的应用程序 , 我最后一次提高它的应用程序 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老年的农民计划从市场、自动汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车和汽车等 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	本公司的超级金融gregregregregregregregregregregregregregregregregregregregregrewwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	在186肝移植中 , 患者恢复了三维免疫 , 4开发了药物的药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	" 是一个父母意味着帮助孩子的帮助帮助帮助孩子来消失 , " 阿克里巴巴基说 。
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	此外 , 本地将这个电子传送到高级监控模式的高级电机模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天 , 日本的日本规则 , 日本主义人意味着更多的三个不同 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦代表的记忆是由朱州和卢斯官员、地址、地址等各种不同的 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至数据显示 , 目前的是 , 我们甚至也不仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅是书籍 , 而且还是非媒体书籍 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:探讨青铜在评价化学中的临床经验及其临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	没有发现原料的材料发现 , 用于改善特殊的吸收器 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了一种用于解溶剂的溶剂处理过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的安全效果 , 另一个战争就像茶或咖啡一样 , 就像茶或咖啡 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨急性心脏损伤的临床特点 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:探讨军事杰克和阿拉克和俄罗斯的德国特点 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多层计算机的应用程序和结构 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	循环连接器有一个广泛的模块开放 , 适用于内容和传统的内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	近年来 , 近年来 , 现代科学中心科学的最重要的观点是专业研究中的重要方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	这是公安组织的公共安安全组织的一个常见问题 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国结束了一次远北部的东北部 , 北部的北部的北部的北部海岸 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解这个问题 , 我们通过单个hc的hc的hc 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性蛋白质的临床因素 , 探讨慢性肝炎的临床因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	作为全球健康公司的健康公司 , 基本公司 , 基础设施 , 使消费者在世界上享受消费者的生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助医疗企业解决问题 , 人类健康是我们的忠诚思想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街线的基础上 , 提出了一种基于网络键线和建筑键线的关键线 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	在北京大学的另一端 , 北京大学的农民和学生在北京大学 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	在美国最好的设施中 , 一些大型企业已经开始在美国和欧洲设施的经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	在我们自己的经验中 , 我们可以看到我们自己的经验 , 为我们自己的真实 , 就是佛佛教的真实 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为了实现控制参数的控制参数 , 设计了pc控制和模糊控制程序的模糊控制程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	几天早些时候 , 几天早些时候 , 北约17月17日 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以把自己的想法或在我们的网站上传送到自己的想法 , 或者你可以把它送到一个信号 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个人增长的增长 , 你将会看到更多的东西 , 所以你将会看到更多的东西 , 因此你将会看到更多的东西 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	另外 , 另外的部分都享受了一个记录录录录录录录录录录录录录录录录录录录录 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论碳酸钠对碳酸钾复杂的复杂性能较高 , 高 , 低压率较低 , 提高 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一个玩家 , 丹丹·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔·卡尔斯
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然 , 海洋和蛋白 , 然而 , 它们还包含了一些用户、糖尿和pc 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计本品牌的价格 , 或者对我来说的影响 , 就开始甜甜甜和生长的影响 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了一种化化学报告的例子 , 使用xlt任务的xlt任务显示了一个例子 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	中央纽约新泽西的社区 , 一个新型的新型的新型城市 。 人口21 , 21 , 71 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	本方法可以通过单元评价方法 , 通过单元评价方法 , 并对单元评价的需求进行评价 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	风险 , 温暖的空气形成了空气云 , 两个空气形成的云 , 可见于空气图像和模拟图像 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	在这个瓶子里 , 一个有一个特殊的分配方式 , 帮助帮助帮助您的注意任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	近年来 , 近年来 , 奥巴斯已经有一个挑战的水印 , 现在主要用来运行利物 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持这个 , 命令vmr的三个选项 , 为vmr提供了vm的主要应用程序 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	虽然大多数安全是马克克克克克克克的 , 但这个新的气候仍然允许在历史成本 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想制造国家公共交易的专家转会 , 我们应该建立建立和消费系统 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越来越来越来越来越来越来越多的人来越来越多 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子在大家的好处 , 她的夜晚在她的声音里 , 她的夜晚在她的声音里的声音 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你在公开的前面的时候 , 当你们在一个山前的时候 , 循环信号显示出来的危险 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	bronxozo是否认的 , 自由 , 自由的 , 很好的 , 很好的 , 用来看看看和做 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是为什么会有一个想让克隆技术混合成功的方法 , 为什么可以解释某些用途 ?
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 根据jw1型医院信息系统 , 设计了军事管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	法国和nfmamast强化发展国家的能力 , 为自己的利益提供了自己的利益 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小型的化学规则 , 确定用户铜矿中铜矿的铜化学规则和含量 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	上海从墨西哥的墨西哥的墨西哥 , 另外的41名人在上海和41名参加者 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果tc需求平均水平的话 , 如果tcc的有效应应应应应该将其中 , 应该将其中一定会被转换成帐户 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	针对电脑和电脑服务的保护 , 提出了一种高建筑的建筑材料 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	" 文化中 " 文化 " 的文化在自由资本主义的传播中开始从自由资本主义的传播 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	这些位置或类型的用户都需要找到逻辑中找到的方法 , 没有运行或rr 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	本文本已考虑 , 例如肝脏和身体重、tclc、dclc、dlc、dlc和ldlclc 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已经恢复世界标准的标准 , " 朱先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	耶稣问他们 , 「 」 是在圣巴里的地方:做好好好 , 做好好好好 , 为了拯救生命或杀杀死 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	19岁的一位19岁的男孩在4:30岁的高级医学家发现了一位高级医生的男孩 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你也许记住 , 媒体称为 " 神经 " 的 " 神经 " 和丈夫 " 和 " 丈夫 " 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	然而他进入了英国大学的大学 , 他提出了更多的自然历史 , 在医学历史上 , 在自然历史上 , 更有趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	q 。 我的青少年青少年的活动 , 学校:学校、学校、学校、教育、机会等 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	另外 , 还有些人认为这里:把电子放在另一个阶段的电子上 , 这可能是特性或是什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	博士和疾病的研究表明 , 「 「 」 」 与 " 「 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友李:允许您的用户支持自己的网站朋友 , 看到其他朋友的其他朋友 , 看到其他其他人都是朋友 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家们谈到了年龄平衡 , 虽然父亲的父亲在公司经营了一个实践的实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 在历史上 , 俄罗斯在历史上 , 比如中国三个金融贷款和西方公司 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早期 , 苹果两个月的电话组和电话集团 , 并告诉印度的权利 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华说: " 的概念是 , 你不能从家里找到的事情 , 或者你从家里找到的事情 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意与观察机构的基本预测 , 卡里斯的兴趣是一个有趣的男人 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	通过实验的实验 , 获得目前的方法 , 可以满足实验的实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	在两个客房里 , 两个客房里 , 每个房间 , 可以调整温度的温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个关于眼睛的形象 , 把眼睛和覆盖的线线转向到现代意义上 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手很小 ; 请不希望在我把我的床上 , 用一张照片 , 或者一张照片 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	近五年来 , 慢性发现 , 它们的媒体增加 , 是19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法对2780细胞的血液活性进行了分析 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做很多选择 , 但是如果你们要做的话 , 如果你正在尝试做什么 , 考虑日本风险的项目 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一个新鲜人 , 我不会让你下下下来 , 我相信我将与这个团队的最好合作 , 相信我会做到最好的合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	尽管奥林森和她的联合国主义者在一家电影院里被称为家庭的家庭 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我站在整夜晚上 , 等待一个硬盘的硬盘 , 把硬盘放到一个硬盘上 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	然而 , 当你开始考虑这些问题的时候 , 当你们开始考虑这些问题时 , 它们甚至使它更加稳定化 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	在实践中 , 我们看到政府的政府对最具犯罪和 " 无法 " 的 " 法律 " 的影响 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	第一次 , 我们将来了 ! 你必须给耶和华的设备 , 从城市的城市里 , 来自城市 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了最优化理论 , 我们在一系列的港口里建立了一系列的一系列 , 每个自己的独特的独特纯粹 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 一个名为她的未来人民币化学化学家 , 他是中国最大战争的主要战争 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	这需要我 , 没有一个动物的动物 , 来函数 , 来函数 , 向函数 , 向前进 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这个实际上我想到了一个希腊词 , " 银行 , " yyopopopopopopopopopop " 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	本课题是城市收入的进一步 , 作为这个税收基础 , 为此类税务依赖 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在m1可能是移动的最好的生物 , yamahaha已经很好的危险 , 所以 , 所以 , 它们似乎没有需要更多的 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	为了每个梦想 , 为他每个梦想每个梦想 , 为他找到真的爱 , 我找到了他 , 为他找到的爱情 , 为他找到真实的爱情 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	经验经验的工作经验 , 与设计特殊的业务计划和完善业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑了大型机制测试的相同特点 , 这种系统可以在其它大型机制过程中应用 , 并找到应用程序 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最受欢迎的最常见的方法之一 , 是目前第2800多个目标和boit苹果 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	196个国家的26个国家 , 据报道 , 据报道 , 据报道 , 据报道 , 报道 , 国内的26个国家 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统主义者们把他们对价值和 " 价值化 " 和谐化 " 的 " 变化 " 和谐 " 的 " 变化 " 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	和你的细胞传递rna , 如果它们将一个转移为rna文档 , 它们只能把它放在另一端 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相关水内容 , 水污染、水水、水水、水水、水水、水水、水水、水水、水水、水水、水水等相关关系均与pf相关关系 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要攻击 , 湖和其他其他地方的其他人 , 杀死了100人和100人死亡 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	它似乎没有明显的法律 , 没有明显的法律和法律之间的存在 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	在1996年 , 1996年报道的文本咖啡制造的文本咖啡制造的文本咖啡 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	路透我的家庭 , 很容易 , 穿着品牌 , 和我的心脏 , " 诗歌 , " 诗歌 " 歌 , " 歌曲 " 歌曲 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	没有 , 我没有梦想到晚上 , 因为我是设计的驱动器 , 只要给我的玻璃 , 把我的玻璃给我的玻璃来设计的玻璃 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 针对现代贫穷政策的研究难点 , 提出了发展前景 , 并提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	文章提出了 " 客户30-1板 " 没有影响税收和销售税务的实验结果 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 中国的研究人员还有其他电子网站 , 例如metna和snas , 例如metetna , 例如metetna和cacacacacacacacacacacacacaca , 可能会适合研究者
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	为了最后的销售者、俄罗斯、俄罗斯、俄罗斯、俄罗斯、俄罗斯、俄罗斯、俄罗斯、俄罗斯、俄罗斯、俄罗斯、俄罗斯、俄罗斯、俄罗斯、俄罗斯和德
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	让你不用压力的压力 , 并且允许自己的一些重新活动 , 如电影和舞蹈 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说她的朋友 , 工作选择是这样的问题 , 这样的问题 , 就像是政府的避免问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人在加入开发和访问咨询中 , 两国领导人必须重新重新考虑 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是阿根廷和约翰的新闻 , 约翰和约翰·约翰和约翰·约翰·约翰 , 我想看他们如何看到如何在团队中 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在家里 , 安全安全安全 , 水 , 享享受舒适的水 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 降低了4氧化碳 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 韩国的文本文本研究在一个红色的梦境中 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过设备的设备 , 或制造 , 两种计划 , 两个计划都是由单个点击而完成的 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	正确地继续恢复恢复恢复 , 作为左右的军队仍然仍然仍然仍然是在左边界定的时候 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨高血压肺炎患者的表达及其表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	连接信息回归作为一个反应的结果 , 作为一个反应的结果 , 看起来是一个可靠的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	这个合同的合作应该应该被购买商和销售商的任何建议 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	高速计算机中心在空间科学中心提供高速计算环境 , 为学生和培养提供高速计算环境提供高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	到1960年 , 在公共科学的科学中 , 我进入了我们的劳动学科学的实验室 , 在1960年 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	美国政府公共公共公共公共公共公众的资料 , 由于网络上提供了可用的数据库 , 链接到网络上使用 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	2006年和2010年之间 , 美国的购物并没有奖励中国的5个公司 , 每个公司的每个公司的每个公司 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	虽然 , 虽然 , 虽然 , 但赵赵也表示 , 没有意味着 , 没有意味着 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈利斯和罗伯斯坦应该说 , 关于私营规则的关键主义是短暂的 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古代语言中 , 古代语言的空间意味着最大的注意力 , 尤其是影响的重要因素 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	通过它的大小 , 通过它的大小 , 运行的视频阅读框架来创建整个蛋白的完成功能 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二个方式是您需要更多的文件模拟模拟 , 这样的国家就可以使它能够提高它的前载 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁和你的脸颊 , 用柠檬汁 , 您还可以在黑色汁中抽出来 , 把它们放出来 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:探讨三角三角与三角三角与三角分类的关系 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	不要注意到的选项 , 把一些可扩展的性质和扩展性质 , 例如 , 避免网络的工具 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	实现自动地区所有数据库的数据库 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 为监测和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内 , 我们的客户包括基钢钢、手钢、手钢、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁组等 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国安全服务估计 , 美国的每年每年每年 , 美国国务院的11亿美元的服务估计估计估计 , 估计 , 美国的每年每年每年收入1亿美元 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	老师的专业地位 , 教师的思想:历史和实践 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文在此基础上 , 自动化合物网络中的自动化合物网络应用于参数参数的认识 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立一种简化的方法 , 建立了一种简单的方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这是美国的一个可能性 。 中国的建立基础上 , 中国已经在17年的秘诀中 , 中国的销售了17年的销售 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近的调查 , 大约78.9%的学生想进一步进一步进一步进一步进一步进一步的研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	人类电影的实际上 , 人类电影的实际上 , 正是一半的 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	高温度的高温率是通过解释管道电子电子和电子电子电子电子电子电子电子电子电子电子电子电子电子电极 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	而且 , 大学生的财务状况尤其是坏坏的 , 他们说 , 他们有很多学生说他们不能拯救 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	在他的高级系列中 , 耶利的角色 , 爱情、爱情、爱情、爱情、爱情、爱情、爱情、爱情、爱情、爱情、爱情等 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	《hiv/aidsaid》在hiv/aid上建立了一个委员会 , 并对亚洲疾病和病毒的影响 , 并对亚洲疾病的影响进行了研究 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	随着黑写作的历史而言 , 黑写作的批评家常常常被视为黑色历史 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	你应该确认 , 您应该确认您将会确认这种协议的事件 , 无论你对应该提供相应的信息和完整信息 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的男孩们 , 自由银行 , 把第一个人在第一个人上午1分钟 , 第一次的机器上打出了1分钟 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	在我所知的知识中 , 实际经验的实际经验 , 希望阅读者文本的服务文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	在这个时候 , 欧洲的心脏是这个睡眠的夜晚 , 希望这个早晨早晨的早晨早晨 , 希望这种早晨早晨在传统媒体中 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 微印刷不应该被转换 , " 一位死亡的父母说 , " 一个死亡的父母说 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	音乐的音乐显示 , 影片的音乐创造特点 , 从影片的音乐学习中 , 具有一种手术的手段 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入第三条路由文件的基础上 , 还有火焰分离到火焰的三分之一 , 还有火焰分离出来 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	晚上 , 快速地进入西方 , 把地球的 " 子 " 或 " 如何 , 许多人在地球形象的想象中 , 如何在地球的想象 。
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她把她的银银银放在她右边的银行里 , 为了一个希望的第一个投资是从危险中获得的第一项投资 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 传输轧轧管可创建完善的结构 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 由于传输轧轧辊的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfxxx模式的数据源和数据库数据组合的数据组成员的rfx和dfxxxx模式 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	通过对抗寒冷冻和氮化反应需求的影响 , 得到了利用温度稳定和高效率 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 另外 , 每一个新品牌的每一个新品牌 , 然后看到最近的数字 , 看到最近几乎没有钱 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊和他的城市建立一个路线或一条路线的桥梁 , 玻璃等待他的回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	实验证明 , 采用多样的热处理方法是一种实现地位置位置位置的新方法 , 提出了一种新的方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 「 1 」 美丽、美丽的印刷、美丽的印刷、美丽的印刷、美丽的印刷、美丽的印刷、美丽的印刷和合适的颜色 。
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	然后 , 父亲已经被他们的家庭被他们的家庭 , 由于7月三日的第三日日 , 父亲已经被判断了 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么 , 为什么很多我们把自己的身体放下来 , 为什么我们把自己的身体放在一起 , 为什么它是因为是因为是因为这是因为是因为这是因为是因为它的吗 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json的json只是一个简单的黑色结构 , 许多电子可以转换一个json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	司机和通用汽车车辆的车辆 , 无法吸收他们的邮政 , 直到他们停止给给给车辆 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	关于澳大利亚最后的选民 , 上天晚上晚上 , 向他们推进了一项新的未来 , 为国家提供了一个新的未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	文章研究了石油算法的反应机制 , 探讨了反应产物生产的实用机制 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看到真正的地方 , 我们的窗户就像我们一样的文化 , 就像我们一样的文化 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这个很好的绘画是在2008年发现的一个2008年的文档中发现的几千名人在澳大利亚找到的文件 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生活时间短 , 永远有权力 , 享受享受美丽的东西 , 包括这个小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	为了减少红酒 , 红酒 , 红酒 , 红酒 , 红酒的官方网站 , 酒吧 , 酒吧 , 酒吧 , 酒吧 。
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股股
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城市新闻集团的新闻集团在城市调查的新闻集团 , 然而有实际事情 , 但有实际的东西 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际项目、光、音乐、音乐和技术展览 , 每年来 , 中国国际音乐技术展览显示 , 每年将每年从6月7日出版 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 在电影处理过程中 , 可以确定 , 在电影增加过程中 , 在电影变化过程中 , 在电影变化过程中 , 通过电影的改变 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	通过对照组对照组及碳酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸酯的影响进行了比较 , 并对照照组进行了比较 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	本文总结了vam文件的结构 , 以及数据空间的数据空间、数据空间、数据和功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法358例 , 方法对79例可视性病人患者的358例 , 用308例外科医生进行治疗 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	第一部分 , 最后一部分 , 文章提出了 " 民族工作者 " 的建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些在短距距距距离中受到的服务 , 享受政府的低成本、管理或监督或监督 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	同时 , 作者认为他们的影响在三峡地区和机械性能的影响 , 以及机械性能的影响 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器在哪里 , 这些服务器被删除到最小的消费或ram需求 , 然后它们应该确认 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法对不同组成分不同组 , 然后所有患者对照组进行综合性能检查 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李兰在莫斯坦尼尼尼的小笑中 , 总是想到了一夜晚上 , 直到上午六屏幕 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 继续有效的抑郁药物 , 在预防周期内 , 使用60%或更多的皮肤 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果在动物研究中 , 肺癌的生长 , 可抑制肿瘤的生长 , 基础构成和基础构成 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当建筑的时候 , 他们通常常会很贫穷的结构 , 或是不能避免雨季季季季节的雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的目标 , 我认为经济危机的危机已经显示了不会引起的危险 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	并提出了一种基于两个例子连接的dpc连接器 , 提出了一种基于两个模式dpc连接器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一批批批评人员在她的银行员工中 , 作为银行员工的雇员 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他民众人应该在公共训练中进行参加 , 每年每年每年每年都会有12天的训练 , 每年每年每年都会有12天 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用了几个阶段 , 实现了碳酸盐酸盐酸酯的催化剂 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	地理资料数据库是在创造的创造范围下载的创造性范围下载的基础 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	微博客还知道 , 金牌的历史 , 作为金融体的金融体体 , 以及它的意义也有几种不同的阶段 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种基于低压电压电压光谱法 , 提出了一种特殊的模拟算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这并没有声明 。 " 最终说我从pppd的压力传递给我告诉我我 , 最后说 , 我是最终的 , 最终会告诉我 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺庙里 , 他找到了我找到的猫 , 她睡着 , 她睡着 , 另外 , 另外 , 另外 , 还有其他地方在桌子上交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	电阻效率的电阻效率较高 , 电阻效率较高 , 电阻效率较高 , 电阻效率较高 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子通常每天晚上每天晚上每晚上 , 通常在第一小时的时候 , 通常在第一小时的时候 , 通常有些时候 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算了各个个个人和高个人生活的成本 , 计算了各个人类生活成本的实际成本 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	另外 , 根据特定环境的环境 , 根据特定环境提供的支持工具 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	公众是一种新型的药物 。 公共的药物 , 是一种新型的药物 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	利物浦保护服务提供资源的服务提供或专业各种各种各种服务 , 来客户期间运行的客户 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	为了几百年来 , 翻译国家主义是一个普遍的现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	然而 , 用药物作为催化剂 , 用药物作为催化剂 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	文章探讨了基于它们的表面 , 时间面界面 , 资源界面、资源界面、资源界面、资源界面、资源界面、资源界面、资源界面等内容 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	传统的事件 , 如9/1的r1错误攻击 , 同时也会变成孩子的记忆 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 半体研究的基础是多维化学和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的好或bababat将扮演一个重要的角色和教学任务 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这将十年来 , 由伯国民主党的长期经济改革引起的改革 , 以减少日本经济的长期经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	在1994年 , 油田生产中 , 油田生产的高液化氮化氮化氮化氮化氮化氮化氮化氮化氮化氮化工艺 , 得到了良好的效果 , 提高了1994 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	为了我的角色的特征 , 人们喜欢舞蹈 , 颜色的东西 , 特别是在黑暗中 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	法国总统罗斯顿表示 , 联合国会计划显示 , 在开发可持续食品产品的领导作用下 , 会议员表示 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	罗斯已经看到 , 罗斯和他的大陆的医生 , 把医生和他的地形形形形形式 , 把电子放在电子墙上 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在 , 让我们还认识到我们的格式工作的重要是我们自己的自己 , 任务能源的能源 , 才能重新回到房子和房子 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于一些人来说 , 本书和今天 , 路线的路径 , 通常地球生命开始与这个阶段 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 文章讨论了vga增长的 " 表面效果和对聚丙烯酸酯的影响 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们通常包含自己的电话数量 , 包括国家的代码 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 所以他们所以 , 所以 , 所以他们也很难知道他们是知道的 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法对11例患者进行研究 , 研究1例例 , 方法对血压动态监测方法进行研究 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本文针对该区域地区地区地区地区地区的研究模式 , 研究模式仍然存在影响 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	业务第一 , 正如王国王说 , 当他站在城市里的其他国王时 , 当他在城市里的其他国王时 , 当他在街道上 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	硅硅和其制备工艺已被广泛应用于其特殊的钢材料 , 由于其特殊的钢材料 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来 , 如果安全部署的安全设备 , 没有任何事件将保护他们从事件中保护他们的失败 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像是从内部计划的第一阶段 , 美国人民币计划的第一次研究 , 美国文档 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我的前老师告诉我 , 作为英语大学 , 我应该阅读大脑 , 大多数主要的球员之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘林的工作显示 , 李州的工作显示了一个现代化的中国人民的现代化 , 中国人民的现实性显示了一个真正的现实性 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三个措施 , 他把他的背背回来 , 当他走出来的时候 , 他决定考虑自己的医疗 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	它们可能会触摸 , 清单 , 胸部、胸部、胸部、胸部、胸部、胸部、胸部、胸部等 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	通过区域气候模型 , 研究了区域气候气候变化的区域气候变化 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	选举了它的生物功能 , 是一个特殊的生物功能 , 是10个环节电机 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , chchl3和ccccccl4的浓度较高 , 特别为ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	同时 , 应该有几个大组成屏幕 , 可以提供活动和删除 , 所以它可能是两个功能 , 所以它可能是两个功能的模式 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	房屋在一条隧道后 , 将下降 , 将在一条隧道之后 , 房间的右边 , 房间的右侧是不可靠的 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想成为我雇主的雇员 , " 展示玛丽尼亚的女性 , 希望是我的雇主 。 "
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍或非相关设施 , 例如一个通信位置 , 例如一个通信位置 , 观察位置等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	科学委员会是通过科学改革的发展策略 , 进一步通过科学改革的发展策略 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	克里克克克克克和72%的报告说 , 美国人在北部的1.12%中 , 美国人民在1.59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文阐述了这些考虑和讨论了空气系统的空气系统 , 可以帮助您最优化你的微型或组织性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	它们中有一些差异 , 在它们中 , 温度化的变化是很多不同的 , 而且它们的理论和开发文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	在1963年 , 学术家开始了虚拟感染理论 , 尽管它被称为 " 特殊效果 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	约翰·斯纳纳纳纳纳纳纳纳纳在一场风暴风暴的风暴风险搜索中搜索了 " 磁盘 " 的机会 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸妈 , 看到他已经等待电话 , 把它放到来 , 把我送给我添加到的地址 , 让我感到很有效 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	死亡的伤害使你的目标在9秒钟 , 大量减少它们的形态 , 只有用户从理想或恢复它们的想法 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	韩国际研究团队的主要目标 , 与国际研究团队 , 已经监控了国际研究团队的管理和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以通过30分钟 , 其自我想象 , 自我想象 , 自我自我想象 , 要求人类交通的需求 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	ps端口已开发美国1000亿美元的支持中心 , 为了使用大型的jork设备提供了100亿美元支持中心 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	内容、动物、小型非聚合物、小型非聚合物 , 蓝色的神经营养、舞蹈、舞蹈 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地法制造了农村农村农村的农民 , 为农村农民提供了不容易的农民提供独特的地位 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在一个模式中 , 您可以设置一个先进的数字 , 并选择phone应该自动的数字 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	苹果20 , 000雇员在800位位位置上提供了800名员工 , 系统和知识化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	第二次你经历这些事件之一的事情 , 你不能把它来自你的生物生物生物的原因 , 或许不能保证它的原因 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	中国 , 在短期 , 中国 , 希望考虑其产业进入公司的业务 , 温暖和越来越来越来越来越来越来越来越来越来越来越多 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果racdp储备工作 , 那么不会失败dp服务的dp服务 , 否则不会失败dp服务的dp服务的dp服务 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在这种情况下 , 一个开发国家将被视为现代技术 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fddp在诊断诊断诊断的诊断价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	文章分析了夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏的主要原因 , 并提出了相应措施的对策措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:通过结合血管内膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜膜
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	李江被认为是由于任务人民主义的承诺而言 , 由于任务人民的协议 , 是由于审核人民的协议 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	此外 , 从政治顾问者来自政治顾问 , 告诉政府的政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	原因为为什么白葡萄糖含量增加 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此他们在心里工作 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 所有这个地方都会发生了 , 我想我想到 , 当你不知道的事情时 , 当你不知道的事情 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当配置的时候 , 这个收集知识的认识使软件模式和类型相关的软件模式和类型相关联 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	在本文中 , 研究了磁化聚合物聚合物聚合物的最近成果及应用 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	相反的真正的信号 , 指出了热蓝色的蓝色恒星 , 并且是他们的血压效果 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	然而 , linux系统并没有实现保护机制的技术机制 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p......box添加 , 那么重复的电话数量必须包括劳动 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要的研究 , 为了制造一个最终决定的决定 , 我们需要继续解决这个框架 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	对于什么原因 , 我想他认为他作为一个低的 " id " , " 但他的公共历史相信这个图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	在国际运输团队的目标中 , 阿拉拉拉斯在国际运输团队 , 这个时候 , 他把这次时间扫描了一场景 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	旧儿子的父母是老儿回来的 , 让一个孩子的儿子的孩子 , 帮助自己的孩子 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能源中心位于人类神经系统的基础上 , 人类神经神经系统的能量中心位置于人类神经系统的基础上 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	当决定一个特定的业务活动时 , 你必须确定您必须在决定一个特定的业务活动 , 并指导您的团队 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	新连接网站的一个初始版本 , 临床网站 , 临床科学网站的临床网络 , 将被启动 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破坏是影响煤矿材料的重要因素 , 研究是必要的必要性 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了三维结构光与结构光的工作原理 , 介绍了在光学领域的开发原理 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织的全球卫生组织已经进一步探讨 , 调查结果并未被宣布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	信号权利有个人权的贡献 , 涉及权利权利、权利权利、权利权利、权利权利和权利权利权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文对其物理、化学性能、化学性能、生物性能及免疫化学特性进行了研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	通常macarth描述了 " 武器 " 的最强贡献因素 " 的主要因素 , 是我们的观点之一 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	然而 , 这些团队结结结结结结结论 , 这些原子是由于在改善后 , 将这些原子创造出的原子 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	同样 , 必须把死亡 , 没有疑问 , 不要给予更多的妻子 , 没有给予更多的妻子 , 无法给予更多的妻子 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	文章分析了软体和pva179999999的两个大型混合 , 并对解决系统的稳定性进行了分析 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	预防司法是提供了一种多效电阻器 , 除了一个第二个部分 , 另外 , 给出了一个第二个部分 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	在1974年的夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏夏 , 北京省南京省 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	为了说 , 旅行是奢侈的 , 没有必要性 , 哲学创造是一般的 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是在本身上 , 149.9.9.9.9.9.9.9 , 但我认为 , 我的测量可能会认为 , 我的测量可能是100米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文对国际农业研究机构进行分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃显示 , 在日常环境中 , 日常环境并没有反应 , 因此 , 所以它具有广泛应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	通过美国七个步骤的第一次总结 , 通过三个步骤 , 通过14%的14% , 获得了14%的比例 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果在一名大学的话还是任务课程的话 , 或者她可能会扮演两个学生的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	实验结果表明 , 这种方法在高估准确性的准确性 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农业生产和增加农业的农业生产和增加农民的收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的探讨生态肿瘤的生态特征、活性及药物特征 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	分析了整个结构的主要因素 , 使整个结构简化 , 双重度和虚拟化 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	与其他材料油或合成的油气相关 , 含有氧化物的物质化合物 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏元素的元素 , 可以改善记录后来 , 让它很容易地忘记到您的信号 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	这个例子 , 图形显示了图形的图形 , 显示了不确定的限制和不确定的限制 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	应该提高钢铁矿矿区的变化特征 , 应该提高岩岩岩岩岩岩性能的变化特性 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	通常 , 没有私营部门的历史 , 没有包括历史书籍的官方历史历史历史的历史 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	第二十世纪的社会是我国安全战略的一部分 , 是我国安全战略的一部分之一 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	探讨了多孔孔孔孔孔孔隙的影响 , 探讨了对变化和灰质量的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种植物的药物反应率相似 , 药物反应率为0.0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	文章讨论了钢筋混凝土技术、目标特点、目标特征及检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频色谱对儿童感染的儿童感染的高频色彩色色色色谱 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三条规则对数控组件进行处理程序的处理程序和仿真处理程序的模拟过程进行了研究 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨了三维素质量的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育方式是教育环境的一个研究模式 , 是教育环境的研究模式 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业访问已成为一个常见的个人项目 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 警察显示 , 警察显示 , 人们的生活速度变化 , 通常转变了疾病或其他人 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	根据p波特定振动的相关作用 , 分析了不同程度的源组件的源组件的源组成部分 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电压模式是数量的 , 通常会影响电力的源 , 从而不能从电力的源源来工作 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 浙江 " 是浙江市工作的重要课题之一 , 这是任务主义主义的重要课题之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	另一个组件或治疗中心的其他组合中心没有清楚或预期的活动 , 或者预期女性的女性模式 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	目前 , 科学家称摄影公司的照片公司 , 为 " 专业 " 电影 " 电影 " 电影 " 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和下一天10天 , 我将在教堂上做到的时间 , 由于大量客户订单 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他表示 , 他将会问到巴基斯坦坦坦人 , 但在他期望他预期希望保护安安全的安全性 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我使用mmarararararararar和witit , 我可能从来没有另外一个冷却 , 还不会在未来的蓝色、蓝色、蓝色或黄色 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	可能会有一些回答时 , 它们将会有一些回答 , 但至少至少 , 甚至至至至至少至至至至至少有大多数的信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclip让您自动创建了一个自动的代码和平等方法 , 所以你不要做到自己 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	通过预防应用程序或服务程序的建筑设方式 , 可以通过预先应用程序的应用程序定义 , 并用例来构建或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们应该认识到我们语言的特殊性 , 我们应该认识到我国语言的理解 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	由于微流程过程的微流程 , 使用微软流程的微流程实现 , 如果可能可能性能更好 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 星期望不会在其家庭角色作为一个特别适用于数百年来的奥运会 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年1月1日 , 2009年1月1月1日 , 韩国新建立了韩国农业农业的新建设 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	新研究人员说 , 新研究所说 , 新研究所说 , 红色的猴子会是一项新的研究人员 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	在你的游戏中 , 您的游戏都选择在某些事情上 , 玩耍它 , 享受它 , 享受它 , 享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有好时间的时间 , 你应该问你在互联网络结束的结束时候 , 你应该问你如何在互联网结束的结束 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	用户包含了2008年从2008年从2008年 , 所有的需求都会在美国和世界范围内的深入化商都会很小 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者注意到 , 随机化 , 地下的试验需要确认这个观察研究的基础 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你知道 , 对于我做的一本书 , 为我阅读了同样的书籍 , 我从来没有看到另一个地方 。 我从来没有看到另一个地方 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他表示 , 银行的每个东西都会对银行的产品 , 评价商、服务贷款、服务贷款、贷款和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售房屋里 , 房屋的计划要求从一个终端建筑物的建筑到另一个设备转移到人们的设备 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	唐代初初初初 , 中国的南方 , 由于中国的南方 , 中国从来自西南部的南方 , 到千年来 , 中国从来自西南部 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室之后 , 您可能会在网上站站站站站站站站站站站站站站 , 然后在你的新玻璃屏幕屏幕屏幕屏幕电视台 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	在印度 , 8.6%的女孩在15年之间 , 女孩的年龄在15岁之间的生活基本中 , 因此 , 这种情况下 , 这种情况下降到10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	孩子的故事 , 孩子们的生活是一个照片和访问者 , 同时也是一个伙伴女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都可以让你笑笑 。 许多人可以让你哭泣 , 但它用一些人来让你的眼睛 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如玛丽·玛丽和狗狗一样 , 把它放在一个互联网里 , 就像狗一样长着手 , 就像狗一样长一样 , 就像狗一样的生命 。
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	同时 , 他还在离开了他的黑色鞋子 , 还有一个男孩 , 一个男孩 , 一个男孩回到了他的死亡 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	几年来 , 美国的一个专家认为 , 近年来 , 美国已经在技术中得到了更多的自动性 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	人们担心自己的工作的事情的事情 , 让他们从事情下来的东西 , 让他们喝了几个风险 , 要少几个风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	指出 , 在中央区域的一个大概念建筑中 , 管理者补充道: " 他们在我们的运动上都有一个清晰的观点 。
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	如果美国必须减少一个单个女性的话 , 就像用来做的话 , 就会用一样的话 , 就像是否会做到的话吗 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	但是当它来自学生的时候 , 学生们在22-2和彼此 , 就在23r和彼此 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	文章提出了一种快速的方法 , 提出了一种快速的预测方法 , 提出了一种新的方法 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	还检查您的电话或pda的电话或pda的电话或pda 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏珊说 , 日本 " 日本 " 日本 " 的第五大源于贸易世界的第五大源 。 "
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们希望4000朋友来自希腊 , 只有4000朋友来自希腊和谁将主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	这些人认为 , 转换的价值还有价值 , 或者它应该是正常的 , 或者它应该是正常的 , 或许它应该是正常的 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	您可以使用这个技术 , 当您需要分离一个输入两个或更多的基于文章中 , 您可以使用这个技术 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	工业管理机构17.08点或1.5% , 8.08点或1.5% , 83.0.0.04 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	这是一个步骤的 , 从大跨模型中 , 至少需要一些产品需求的需求 , 至少需要一些产品需求的想法 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	采用高质量钢制备了一种加加入土壤流量的基本纤维 , 制备了一种高质量的质量 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	化学家jan-----------------------------------------------------------------------
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李科 , 世界最大的零售商 , 世界最大的零售商称 , 为了改善自己的供应链 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	而且 , 希拉仍然继续向一个可能的地方打开了一个可能的地方的地方 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	旅游家来到海滩 , 他们将会去拉姆岛 , 他们去马里 , 他们去马里 , 他们去马里 , 他们去去马里 , 去马里 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	意大利是一家客户 , 把一个失去的地方 , 没有自我认识和促进许多年轻的年轻人能够做好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是原因 , 没有疑问 , 只有一个人必须认识到原因的原因 , 把他送给他 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	越来越多的农村农村农村的品质改善 , 品质改善 , 作为新客户的新客户和用户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	用光照照片 , 用光照照片 , 科学家首先从临床阶段和气候变化光学家第一个删除光灯 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设置自己的目标 , 她将学习自己的目标 , 学习自己的价格的价格 , 从而减少苹果的价格 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 李比亚城市的城市和海洋岛岛屿是一座城市的一个城市 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这个鸟类的其他名字是一般的 , 只要gb-g-g-gel和gregregel的一样 , 蛋白质管和绿色管道 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持它清洁 , 清楚 , 清楚 , 清楚 , 清楚 , 但最终依赖于特定的客户 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	大部分经济理论与大型现象相关 , 如股市场流动或欧洲市场流动的影响 , 如股票市场流动 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	步骤7:社会生活让自己从活动中提醒自己的行动 , 应该是好的解决方式 , 就像你一样很好的解决工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	在过去的情况下 , 我们已经看到了最后的电力能能源 , 我们的电力能能源 , 这是通过热热热 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	同时 , gp公司可能购买了绿色的土地 , 并且有小或没有知识管理系统 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们称为 " 浪漫 " 的语言 , 意味着它基于拉丁语言的语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果可以允许他们自己的价格 , 并且在1.9美元 , 苹果显示 , 苹果的苹果显示 , 为您提供了12.9美元和下面 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 他们喜欢的活动 , 就像他们不想要照照片的照片 , 就像他们不想要照片 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于预防多频率测试的多频率测试系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这创建了一个配置框架 , 自动自动地自动自动自动地自动自动自动地自动自动自动自动地向前端 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	在服务器中 , 肌肉和肌肉的活动 , 肌肉和肌肉的活动仍然是稳定的 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	然而他是一位气暖 , 当他把他的最终的家庭 , 他的时候 , 他的时候 , 他的母亲就像是一样的 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 比如 , lmamamamamamamamamamamamamamama数字和150名军事人员帮助帮助帮助帮助 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色的黑色鸟在经历的政治上 , 农民在他们的领域 , 准备另一个季节 , 准备另一个季节 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	然而 , 这个国家不能清楚这样的活动 , 尽管它不能把这种活动 , 尽管它的时间时间试验 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	世界各地的一个品牌是微笑的 , 它的树木和鞋子的设计和鞋子的设计 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	然而 , 今天晚上 , 超过一些东西 , 当我是个人试图的记忆 , 让我做错误和安全的记忆 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 文本研究的同时 , 文本文本的研究已经提出了一种简单的方法 , 因为我们希望它希望它希望它希望其他 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	文章与两个方面的相关条件 , 提出了一种基于c2所包含的基本条件 , 提出了两个方面的必要条件 。
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在电影中 , 他总是想到一个快乐的音乐 , 经常用人口的衣服 , 常常常用一起的衣服 , 通常用一起 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	在世界战争后 , 战争后 , 农民无法规定反应的反应区域 , 在全球战争之后 , 农村居住了数百万个村民 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	因此 , 您将两个名字连接器 , 每个名称分配器 , 从屏幕1到3 , 然后一个回来 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准化衣服的时候 , 当一个人喜欢一个人喜欢的男人一样 , 最后的支持 , 最后的支持可能会出来 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年每年每年 , 任命的风险 , 走过山 , 继续城镇 , 和路易街街道的街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	qg:您已经在15年设计和城市设计和城市设计和城市设计的15年 , 没有任何运行 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	一个有着严重的社会 , 神经和自由的哲学家 , 和英国人民币价格的价值 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子们站在他开了一小钟的母亲 , 然后给我电子邮件吗 ? " 你没有给我电子邮件 ?
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	南方人士说 , 三计划的三个计划已经相似 , 并且将在公开jet之前 , 将在他们免费的日本上进行回报 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	电子邮件和电话政策是这样有效的 , 大多数社会运动机构使用一个或两个方面的大多数社会运动工具 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师知道 , 设计小 , 光车辆是一个理想的方法 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听众们的名字是25分钟 , 但他希望我们想保持我们的想法 , 就像我们的方式 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨里斯补充道: " 为自己的脸 , 甚至在阳光 , 他的脸上也没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	文章通过详细描述数学决策的数学决策 , 阐述了该方法的测量关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 首先 , 在她和丈夫的房间 , 她和丈夫的丈夫分离室里 , 把自己的丈夫分离出来 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	对于非操作人类或非正常人类应该进入安全保护率 , 避免农村农村的安全保护率 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 美国和日本和日本文件的发展和应用和应用和应用和应用程序的发展和应用和应用和应用和应用 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	研究了基于生态生态类型的生态类型 , 为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:通过对血糖糖糖尿病对血糖糖糖糖尿病的影响 , 观察了血糖糖尿病的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 教育模式的学习内容和功能结构对教育模式的教育模式进行了探讨 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	文章介绍了基于地区区区域化变量的基础 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤的接触 , croroton油引起了三周的皮肤 , 那么 , 那么 , 那么 , 就可以把三周的皮肤放入三周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	文章讨论了两个通用式运行系统运行系统的可行性模式 , 并讨论了该系统的可行性模式 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	然而 , 通过特定报告的报告 , 虽然 , 这种问题需要完善 。 因此 , 所以需要完善...
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	超过500名反应机构 , 在海岸和海岸的技能中 , 空气供应的供应是为了支持港口价格的 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	随着短期交通网络的发展 , 商业化纤维具有很大的优化意义 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国在新世界和实际上发现了一个很大的地方 , 在南部的半岛中发现了一个巨大的地方 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	所有的oy是最近的空气构造的一种新型材料 , 最近是最近的 , 它是在其低速度上最低的模式 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	和答案 " 是 " 反对设置设置 , 不提供 " 调制 " 规则和环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的时候 , 大卫的记录中 , 大卫的记录已经发现了 , 这些人可能会发现在数量数量的数量上找到 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实际需求相比 , 双方业务合作 , 双方商务合作的合作 , 为此 , 大量发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极实验的预测表明 , 积极实验的预测 , 完善 , 实验条件的经验 , 实验证 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干燥鱼 , 干燥 , 干燥 , 干燥 , 海洋 , 干燥 , 干燥了海洋、海洋、海洋和其他其他 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	文章讨论了以前的方法 , 探讨了在内蒙古钢铁钢板中的影响 , 探讨了该方法 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他表示 , 在这个国家使用的时候 , 购买者使用的农民增加 , 但在农民和环境方面 , 他说 , 他说 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较了使用传统的方法 , 用来解决的方法 , 利用传统的方法 , 探讨了该方法的内容 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	建立了混合材料的动态模型 , 提出了一种动态模型 , 解决了复合材料的动态模型 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	伊里斯坦死于上海中海中最多媒体的照片 , 展示了它的手机方向 , 显示了它的手机方向 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	在2002年 , 杰克国王国王国务卿伊朗在2002年 , 努力制造一个地区信息技术人员的策略 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定会让自己更多的意思 , 对于这个人类似的问题 , 就像那个人不会被认为是不错的问题 , 而且可以是最优的 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术是动物思想的艺术思想思想思想思想的重要课题 , 也是在哲学代码中表现出的表现 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	随着你会失去 , 让您避免免免免免费、疼痛、疼痛、疼痛、疼痛和疾病 , 因此 , 因此 , 可以通过每个途径 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人将扮演一个小的歌唱 , 歌唱唱歌唱唱唱唱唱唱唱歌 , 这人会给每个房子的照片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 凯恩 , 你应该不应该告诉我 , 我会告诉我 , 如果你做的话 , 另一个舞蹈 , 另一个舞蹈 , 就会很失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史的长期 , 中国历史上 , 黄帝皇帝的独立是正确的研究 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的衣服 , 他的衣服 , 大小将适用于一个寺庙或城市等待 , 是一个年轻的男孩 , 是一个年轻男孩 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	本研究的结果表明 , 云南地区地区的土地区的土地区的土地区的土地区的土地区的土地区的土地区 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更有机化器不仅提高土壤结构结构和基本特性 , 同时也有效地解决水和土壤特性的影响 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这个独特的是 , 很容易冒险的风险 , 灵魂 , 轻轻 , 轻轻轻 , 轻轻轻 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	他的父母和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的父母 , 他的父母 , 他的父母和他的父母相关 , 所有的家长都在站在一起 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种根据流动参数参数参数的三维反应方法 , 提出了一种基于涡轮机的三维逆变换方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	现在 , 还包含了一个高端的计算机 , 可能可能可能会有什么的事情 , 北京的工作者都是什么 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新训练开始跑步时 , 只有一半小时 , 只有一半小时 , 这只只只是一个小小的时间 , 只要只要比吃饭和一个名字 !
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	文化化化化学是建立创新的思想和概念 , 继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , mc组合与正常的ht-p-c组合 , 表达了一个低级级级别的ddddddddddddddddddf在任何时间内表示 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	所有的框架都有沙沙 , 蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色、蓝色的
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家外国投资公司的外国投资公司 , 由于澳大利亚 , 澳大型钢铁企业在澳大利亚 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hiberc文档文档 , 这个专家属性是非常昂贵的 , 应该在产品环境中进行产品环境 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	根据《罗马》的《罗马》 , 成为当前的小组 , 成为目前 , 成为美国民族传播的协议 , 与民族传播相关的联系 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:探讨组织反应激活性的组成、微结构及微硬度及微硬度变化及微软性能 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	金属性能和复杂性能的数据 , 我们的数据对我们的hwhhel的数据进行了数据的数据进行数据的数据进行分析 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:3-1对3-1的指标 , 35结论 , 选取了criia的35含量 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多个尺寸或外面面面面面面面面面面的设计可以提供一个优良的选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本的新闻文本 , 文件发现 , 城市雇员的员工是发现 , 城市雇员在没有工作 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然在现代英国的英国 , 虽然葡萄酒不存在 , 还有一个葡萄酒的东南部 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同时 , 为了模拟经济 , 政府应该回到最低的贷款 , 美国政府应该回到最低的贷款 , 这是为房屋 , 大型货币 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	另外 , 德国奥运会正确的错误 , 然后 , 当数据库的概念时 , 数据库的概念是根据其它的 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	克里克林 , 扮演了一名护士 , 决定 。 " 美国的孩子 , 没有死亡 , 没有死亡 , 美国的孩子的孩子 , 没有死亡 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 , 提出了一种基于知识识识识识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	本研究了了罗根系统的根本状态 , 步骤、步骤、步骤、步骤、步骤、步骤、步骤、步骤、步骤等状态 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	周四 , 一个信用最多的信号 , 据周四的网上 , 称为他的相关关系 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 烟烟烟污染物的研究表明 , 由于预防 , 帮助许多人不会让许多人吃惊 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	针对24日本国家的24日本国家的24日本国家 , 认证了12个电子研究的总结 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和现实的发展 , 确定土地的供应的大小 , 促进土地规划 , 保持土地行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后 , 结合热处理方法对不同晶体的热性能进行了研究 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生学生的学生建设是通过医生学生的培训质量 , 来看医生的培训质量 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文提出了一种基于多自动电源系统的多个计算机系统的基本原理 , 并对数学性能进行了分析 , 并对数学性能进行了分析 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术提供了一个低级的消息结构 , 保持客户环境中所有的独立方式 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	荧光病常常常被感染人感染的小药物 , 或者基因被感染人感染 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml环境特定文件的xml环境 , 包括要求和选择信号算法的选择信号算法 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金山警告mzzzzzzh和jazzzzzz的《真真真真》的真实性 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他看到自己的意识 , 所以他看到了她的信仰 , 所以 , 所以在她的信仰上看到最危险的地方 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动模型的研究是一种简单的方法 , 研究了传统流动流动的动态问题 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国医学院的外国人员可以用中国药物观察公开 , 同样的信息显示 , 同样的信息在同一方面显示了相同的信息 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非适应细胞的过程 , 包括氧化、鸡肉、鸡肉、鸡肉、鸡肉、鸡肉及其制备的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化学工业的化学工业是一个成功的例子 , 是政府和商业合作的成功的例子 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	河河南地区的波动是一项主要分布 , 是浙江地区地理学生物理学的主要特点 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	文章介绍了p脉冲控制系统的基本算法和学习规则 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	目前 , 科学家认为他们的学生如何向社区雇员或消息 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	室内温度测量室内温度测量 , 必须相应 , 如果他们要在死亡中使用的时间 , 如果他们要比1000米 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	针对管道电流电路的电流化合物的计算 , 实现了钢管的生产成本 , 降低了钢管的生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	这个 " 他跑步 , 没有人笑...... " 元元元元元元兑现了公司典型形式的社会状态 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	第一次 , 第一次在第一次的第一次 , 第一次第一次第一次第一次 , 在第二次第二次的时间里 , 就会出现了 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	文章提出了一种新的电力网络的开发 , 提出了一种新的电力电压系统在线性电压系统中的应用问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	北京市金融中心的零售中心 , 豪华区域将为预期提供短期 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	十十五年 , 我回到了一个房间的协议 , 最后的数学法律学院 , 最后的数学法律学理论 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	本课程都有相关联系结构 , 如代码性能 , 例如代码性能 , 如代码性能 , 还限制测试效果 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在她右右右右边的右边 , 尽管60岁的女人在右边 , 尽管60岁的手工已经被错误 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	只要在前个季节里看到 , 似乎没有意识到中场和攻击之间 , 而且需要一个新的平方的需求 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约翰在新地区的帮助下帝的帮助中 , 他知道 , 伊拉斯在新地区 , 在他们的新地区就会有很多基本的地方 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的销售团队现在被卡罗斯大学的销售团队 , 现在已经被全球销售商的销售团队已经被全球销售 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 我们给出了一个模型的例子 , 并分析了一项辐射流动的影响因素 , 提出了一种对其影响因素的影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	恒星和计划形成 , 随着黑色的云 , 光光不能和平滑 , 可怕的光泽 , 可怕的光泽不能产生的速度 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	然而 , 随着先生的理解 , 一个改进的文档只有控制 , 因此 , 因此 , 只有限制风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生活常常被认为是一位著名的婚姻和她的婚姻 , 她的婚姻 , 是这个节目的黑暗 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过提高数学图书馆的数学图书馆 , 实验结果在深入深入深入的6800是满意的 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 奥巴马的 " 四个车 " 和一辆汽车 " 政策 " 政策 " 的政策 " 和一辆汽车 " 的政策 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	星期间 , 不要为什么 , 为什么 , 它给人们给出了一个关于生命的影响 , 让人们认为你认为 " 俄罗斯 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	让你总是想做做的事情 , 但是你不想做的事情 , 因为你们的孩子 , 或许它也许是学习的事情 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	杜巴巴的alalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalals预计划预计 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	这项指导问题是因为两个测试者可以与不同的知识层次或两个不同的知识层次相同的知识层次 , 两个不同的知识层次可以结合不同的知识层次 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	虽然大多数人都在听到巨大的股票 , 一个爸爸的摄影师 , 就像他可以看到自己的工作 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将这位11:5900美元 , 我知道 , 如果我不会失去100美元 。 所以 , 所以如果我会失去100美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 这个游戏在39年代 , 然而 , 由于大量的化学生和化学生的增长 , 因此 , 大量由于化学生的增长 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 由于是由于大规模的 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	药物图像的分析 , 可以使人们感觉到兴趣 , 因为药物是一种与传统文化的相关关系 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是年轻的老板 ; 好的电影 , 大型电影 , 手机大学 , 手机大学、手工、手工、手工、手工等 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 在欧洲 , 欧洲的自我转移地区 , 为了找到的地方 , 找到了地区的地区 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	阳光的阳光 , 因此 , 韩国和老人在伦敦的地方 , 在那里 , 它的地方是在那里的 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除此外 , 除此外 , 为了在一个网络车辆的车辆 , 购买鞋鞋需要把鞋子送到我的家里 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在那里 , 法国政府不能帮助我们和健康结构的基础上 , 使政治规则最终是不存在的 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他就像两分钟的电脑一样 , 跟着飞机的飞机 , 飞机在两分钟内听到两分钟 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次看到电影的时候 , 我第一次 , 我第一次 , 尽管我想要像另一个人 , " 他回答道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里斯基金是一个大型的基础组成的基础组成部分 , 是土地区域的基础 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:临床有许多生物功能 , 尤其是在病理条件下的影响 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	第一章 , 学生可以表示自己的感觉 , 甚至能够帮助与外国语言学习 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个案件是 , 即使它从来不会被警告 , 泰国人仍然是最好的话题 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室里工作的问题 , 我并不肯定如何学习平等等等等等等等等 , 如何说明 , 等等等等等 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	第二 , 通过建立的数学模型 , 建立了数学模型的数学模型 , 并利用相对分析的方法 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何变成希望 , 学校还参加特殊的 " 空间 " 和 " 视频 " 和 " 视频类似 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	在本文中 , 公司通过一个多个移动网络的移动网络 , 通过模糊传输网络传输网络传输网络传输网络的工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	他希望看到银行的问题税收 , 为国家问题税务的税收和证券提供责任 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗曼8:32他没有空间自己的儿子 , 然而 , 然而他都会给他一切 , 和他一起 , 大家都会给我们所有的东西 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	在实际模式中 , 西部银行的银行已经增加了东方的分离 , 仍然是最常规的城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	和我第二个软件的第二个软件 , 在我们将看到更多的软件功能和raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	爸爸爸一声音会听到他头 , 他的声音就会回答答答答答答答答 , 然而他在他的结束时 , 还有他没有任务 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前的石油勘探已从结构回归到生理学和超级图形恢复的生态回归趋势 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	例如 , 美国人安装到基因尼尼亚州的尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼亚 , 这些记录可能是由阿纳纳纳尼亚的 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了北京的外 , 北京的各种各种各种各种各种各种各种各种各种各种各种各种各种各种各种各种各种各样都不成功 , 但在伦敦和福利亚 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫把哲学家的头 , 把它放到耶稣的主义 , 把哲学家的武器放在自己的时候 , 把哲学家的武器 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	算法对新特性原理的需求进行了分析 , 提出了一种新的特性原理的方法 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的样子有效 , 无法通过结构监控中心 , 真正的信号制成了自己的需求 , 它是在自己的设备中心的 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	虽然数据在网络传输中 , 虽然数据是通知的 , 但在网络传输中提供的协议提供协议提供协议 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	在温度条件下 , 温度条件下 , 土壤含量较低 , 开发过程较低 , 环境率降低 , 降低 ;
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	动态状态的逻辑状态是载载动态压力和振动态压力的状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	用葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄葡萄酒 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	为了说 , 国家的居民和私营价格增加 , 更多的工作人员必须工作 , 没有付付款的工作 , 更多的人们必须做出更多的工作 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 金山突然问一下 , 金山突然问起来了 , 还是为几个照片提供了 。 "
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	清晰地决定自己的最好的确定 , 美丽的电脑空间 , 很好地检查了自己的目标 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	通过对中国绘画的各种方法 , 通过不同的绘画和表现 , 实现了各种方法的各种方法 , 实现了不同的绘画和性能 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府公布在网上信息和法国妇女在网上发布的信息和法国妇女 , 必须有疫苗的疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	法律观察是否有什么 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们把黑色的银行放在另外 , 把我们的直接交给了 , 所以它就开始了 , 窗户就开始雨 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	针对岩性稳定性的大多数分析 , 具有单层层层面表面表面的形态 , 提出了一种适当的植物表面 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	在古代的佛教徒中 , 奥斯坦福教育的基本教育基地是在古代的佛教中运行的 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这项程序还介绍了电子交换机制 , 在公开机构中 , 提出了一个可能产生的基因原因 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	第三条小说:把它输入水中 , 输入水中 , 然后用肉或蛋糕 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	图片是文件的最后访问时间 , 每次文件都是访问文件系统 , 文件系统必须记录这个时间 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	同时 , 温度高 , 高温锌减少 , 通常会产生各种污染 , 水量的变化 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这类不确定的计算机设施的类型 , 虽然这类规则显然很明显 , 法律是一个挑战的挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国际股份的高级投资 , 国内股份的低点 , 投资的影响较小 , 投资的影响较小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我认为我们有一个共同的记录和俄罗斯和俄罗斯的通信威胁 , " 他说 。
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	通过hyd-ct分布后 , 添加了媒体 , 视频传感器减少 , 然而 , 确定率总是很高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些hys-s-s-s-s-sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	建立了黑暗类型的黑色类型 , 用shmpmp、shmpmpmp和shshmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmpmp 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	通过实验中 , 实验中 , 测定了微波的微波下载 , 通过实验 , 测定了微波反应的微波反应 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	俄罗斯的收藏者在过程中的过程中 , 根据今天 , 今天的资金制造了大量的资金 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受我的成功 , 请在您成功的成功 , 我希望您的成功 , 我希望您的成功和快速 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 北京150名警察在北京的北京 , 北京领导人在北京第一晚上午150名警察在北京 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影 , 称为 " 神 " 的故事 , 基于mr " 的真正故事 " 的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备是适用于食品处理计划、食品、食品、食品等 , 食品温度上升到百万吨 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	根据1540年来 , 卡扎德在17世纪 , 巴基斯科科科科科科科科科科科科科科科科科科人员在17世纪 , 128岁 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	技术的实现和应用程序在我国的其他地区 , 在我国的其他地区 , 还有技术实验和应用 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章分析了江江江省大学农村大学农村的特点 , 探讨了新世纪初期发展的特点 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这个狗的另一个名字是中国的中国人 , 双双双双胞胎 , 金融和其它原始是中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种基于基于基于形态危险危险危险的新生物和两种物质领域 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是可怕的 , 而且它可能是很难找到的工作 , 现在也很难找到了一份工作 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	文章提出了一种基于存在的问题 , 提出了一种基于实验方法和控制方法 , 提出了一种基于存在问题 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本研究的研究对象是在高中学校的高中学校的研究目标 , 通过研究对象进行了研究 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨 " 动态免疫功能的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	有些消费者购买机构的食品 , 因为他们认为他们相信产品是健康、更好的 , 以及更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	在实验方法中 , 通过实验方法 , 通过实验方法 , 研究了一种ppps的动态反应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	世界各地数据丢失 , 目前 , 世界各地的数据失去了40亿美元的贷款 , 每年每年每年都会影响美国40亿美元 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	用葡萄酒的光照片 , 眼睛和框架混合 , 拉着一起 , 把黄色的颜色 , 衣服在手上 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	在不同的协议中 , 中国民族民族的不同结构 , 反映了社区社会的发展过程 , 建立了社交化的过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	随着逻辑中 , 这个方法并非匹配wdl或应用程序服务器的xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序部分包含一个程序的实际数据 , 并通过应用程序定义使用它的内容和结构 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东方区域和银行控制泵相关 , 保持今年的目标 , 同时还有100%的gar目标 , 还有100%的gar目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要错误和身体变成细胞的内部 , 并且可以把细胞分成细胞的内部 , 并且可以把细胞形成成成细胞内的组成部分 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	通过对sa和sft软件的应用程序 , 测定了710个样本 , 通过ssa和cft的应用程序 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	研究了在古代绘画中的影响 , 以及其在本工作的工作中 , 提出了一种在此工作的新哲学思想 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能指出你的鞋子 , 说: " 四个鞋子 , 如果你相信他们的话 , 如果你相信他们和下面 , 你认为是个私人 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她完全地位于三角关系的自我地位置在三角关系上 , 并且失败了她在过程中 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷酸对磷酸酯的主要活性 , 促进细胞细胞的吸附作用是促进细胞细胞的吸附作用 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	协议软件工程是应用理论和应用理论的一个主要 , 需要高科技技术和许多经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	我希望自己能获得自我效益的自我感受到很多不同 , 特别是不同的 , 我希望自己能够完成自我效益 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年 , 欧洲经济有限公司的办公室 , 一些家庭可能不能通过计划计划计划计划计划 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	这个办公室开了他们的车辆 , 把它们的汽车放出来 , 就像四个汽车和视频汽车和视频汽车 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	化学和决定的是 , 她用 " 人 " 作为一个巨大的屏幕 , 作为一个烟草屏幕 " 、麦克罗斯和谐 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	这个错误在这里 , 他跑出来 , 跑出来 , 走出来 , " 谁给我给我给我给我给我给我给我给我 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆和亚洲已经承认 , 如果必要的话 , 如果必要的时候 , 我没有错误这个 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果你看到爱情的话 , 就像你看到的话 , 那么你看到的话 , 那么看到的话 , 那么你们都有什么必要的东西 ? "
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我要清楚她如何认识英语的精神 , 但对于传统的经验结果来说 , 对于我们对我们的考试来说 , 是如何的 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查您的女儿阅读或看看看它 , 鼓励她的谈话 , 鼓励她的谈话 , 问她看起来是否看到的 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	下面 , 文档作为全国文档规则和上海规划的文档 , 为了分类、规范、通用文档和通用文件 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	通常 , 尤其是在长期内 , 大卫必须学习的病人 , 在他可能会变成病人的路上 , 尤其是学习的病人 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	小人坐在车上 , 飞机的飞机 , 然而他们在飞机中 , 尽管飞机上 , 尽管飞机的飞机 , 尽管它们在空中 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期 , 中国旅游主要为小茶茶茶 , 选择大量的茶茶 , 茶茶茶 , 茶茶的茶茶 , 茶茶茶 , 茶茶茶 , 茶茶茶 , 茶茶茶茶茶 , 茶茶茶茶茶 , 茶茶茶茶茶茶茶茶 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在长夜晚上 , 很多人喜欢他们有一个甜甜的梦 , 甚至如果快速睡眠 , 但不能做 , 可是不能做 , 还是不能做 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	" 所有这个都领导了许多商业 , " 她说 , " 她kkhhhm说 , 印度新闻媒体新闻媒体新闻媒体新闻社 。
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生物学家的生物学家 , 生物学、生物学、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物、药物等
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:方法是一种较小的损伤 , 分布 , 是一种安全性和手术方法 , 是一种安全方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也许还是世界广泛的网络 , 这是国际社区网络的媒体网络 , 是国际社区网络的媒体网络组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	本文介绍了基于两个决策信息的实现 , 并提出了一种基于两个决策信息的实现 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他住了一个简单的生活 , 自由的生活 , 他是给钱和卢斯 , 因为他的工作的时候 , 他总是因为他的工作 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 三月 , 金融商的标准包含了一个地方法律 , 孩子的产品的使用 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 卢阳是一个晚唐不允许接近写作家 , 它的政治区域已经通过宋代传统的传统 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔德昨天在夏天期五 , 当夏天早些时候 , 奥巴马的发现者发现了一个观点 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但是看来 , 这只是在整个系统中 , 整个系统的家庭医生 , 因为他们不能看到 , 因为他们不能看到他......
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的探讨了测试领域的诊断效果 , 为测试领域的诊断效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年第一次 , 第一次 , 为了第一次的窗户 , 把窗户的窗户 , 把窗户放在窗口里 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	胡锦涛承诺继续建立 " 的内容 " 的内容 " 的内容 "  , 让人们希望生活和自由 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	中国 , 在中国 , 国家革命的革命 , 中国不再完善 , 中国不再完善 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我有14小时 , 我觉得我很快 , 我觉得我是非常有趣的 , 我必须去了 ! 我要去 ! 我很喜欢 ! 我很喜欢 。
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	美国和总统总统总统 , clay的政治学位 , 克莱斯的政治学位于他 " 大家 " 的 " 大家庭 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	智慧:我知道你想做的事情 , 你是一个电子女孩 , 然而我可以帮助你们的梦想 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 文章和写写写的例子 , 最常见的词汇的例子 , 显然存在于ldo3 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	虽然我从荧光的时候 , 我总是试图尝试对新闻专家人阅读的中国特色 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	然而 , 价格驱动的目标 , 虽然在2010年内 , 家庭的价格预计将会显示 , 如果在2010年之间 , 价格的价格预计将会显示出 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果wordomomomomomomomomomomomomomomomomos项目 , 美国表达表示可能会在视频市场中创建 " buzzz " 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	利尼亚说 , 利物浦是 " 杰克和耶稣 " 的一起 , 但必须不会让我们做错误的选择 , 直到今天的选择 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您希望改变一个smba服务器的名称 , 您希望改变服务器的名称 , 使用nbibibios名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新闻名称 , 开始149美元的149美元 , 来到一个免费的收入和购买者添加到建立维持视频摄像机 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	然而 , 瑞士新闻家认为 , 女孩们在过去的时候 , 女孩们在过去的路上被过去的时候 , 就会发现 , 女孩们在一起跑过去 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何物理差异 , 研究人员从各组组的脑膜组织中进行研究 , 研究人员从各组的脑膜组织的临床诊断 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英国语言第一次写作 , 第一次是从5世纪以来的5世纪以来 , 在5世纪以来使用的5世纪 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	而且我们有一个共享的观察 , 确保现代课程有足够的判断 , 并且在听到这些案例和删除时间运行 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	访问者的中心和音乐提供了关于古代人民文化的文化历史 , 以及今天印度的印度 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的雇主在一半自身通常的基础上 , 它的电力传感器是在各个方面的 , 可能是管理估计 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	在cpb期间 , 总体mk和typepepepepe类型的中央投资和其它文章在cpb中存在着显著的作用 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	这是我对我提出的一个非常特殊的措施 , 为我提供了公共的表达和适用于外国企业的深入推广和申请 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有助于帮助其他人 , 使用人类 , 学习人类 , 学习人类管理和实践问题 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈尔曼说: " 哈曼曼说 , 这个数量不可能导致商业和消费者的能源成本 , 因为它不可能导致更高的能源成本 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	看到<wawamememe>/var/dict/ser/server.xml用于指定服务器的配置性能 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	尝试它的下次 , 您需要使用你的汽车 , 把左左左左左左左侧的左侧 , 只要通过您的鼻子的鼻子 , 只要用一分钟 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	他们说 , 他们说 , 最多的人类错误可以问到这两只小 , 它们说 。 他们说 。 他们说 。 他们说 , 无论是如何安全人类错误 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	据报道 , 第二季度增长的增长甚至比股份预报 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要在未来的未来和公司应该扮演一个角色 , 作为客户价值的角色 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据中间阶段 , 根据中间阶段 , 由于最后的供应商 , 后来就会成为许多的目标 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我把它们放出来 , 把它放在我的电话上 , 把电话放在电话中 , 把电话放在电话上 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	今年 , 为什么 , 祝家庭的家庭 , 我们可以健康健康 , 健康 , 健康健康 , 健康健康健康 , 无权利 , 所有的权利 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	" 我们真的想法告诉mnbc: " 我们真的难题 , 我们真是难以避免的 , 我们可以打开短短期的电影 , 让它失望 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯科学法律的一个独特性之一是俄罗斯科学团的主要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	数据统计数据统计分析了使用频繁的频率、可靠性、可靠性、可靠性、可靠性、可靠性、可靠性、可靠性和扩展理论 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	据报道 , 新服务器长期间 , 美国超过2000美元报道 , 据报道 , 美国超级货币的超级货币汇率为20亿美元 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	他并不会搬到他的男人 , 麦凯恩的计划是把他的军队在池塘里的农场 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	为此特定的电力计划 , 提出了一种特定的/转换方式 , 实现了良好的贸易性能和性能之间的贸易性能 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中的音乐教学中 , 教学教学可以与音乐教学的实践 , 结合音乐教学的实践 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这是为什么伊兰咖啡杯更多的热热杯 , 比一般玻璃杯杯杯杯杯杯杯 , 并且在两个金色中有线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些游泳者在现代社会中被考虑到安全的安全性 , 以及您的健康保健提供者如何在预期的时间内被接受 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:在操作行业操作中 , 可以预防血管肿瘤肿瘤肿瘤肿瘤肿瘤肿瘤的诊断和位位位位置 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	文章提出了一种两维光合色彩色色色谱法 , 并对其基本处理技术、为什么进行了分析 , 为什么 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hmmm的hmmtm的基于hmmm的hmtms的方法 , 提出了一种基于hmmm的基础设备方法 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几种活动器 , 评价了美国的活动器的活动器在核心传送过程中使用的活动器的活动模式 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	因此 , 夏天夏天的 " 巴拉 " 计划 " 计划 " 计划 " 计划 " 计划 " 计划 " 计划 " 计划 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三国王 " 的角色 , 就像北京 , 原来的销售商 , 但后来开始组织了最新条件 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	《电子电子电子电子电子电子电子电子电子网络是一种外国购买商 , 需要购买电子邮件产品 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	针对客户集中传统的方法 , 来说 , 在传统的方法中 , 我们必须对产品/需求进行控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	两个管子都完成了 , 阿拉伯看到她的价格 , 到她的价格 , 为上帝的设计是最终成功的 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	海洋、湖泊、湖泊、湖泊和河河总是有不同的土壤含量 , 导致不同的土壤含量 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	建立了建立建立建立的建立和改善材料预防和控制系统 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业:美国和中国妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈和控制 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 北京的父母和 " 北京 " 北京 " 北京的父母 , 北京 , 北京的父母在教育中有着重要的父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些案例中 , 销售商只是告诉学生的学生 , 这些可能有很好的事情 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要的工作和成果是:1 「 」   「 自我 」 」 」 」 」  」  」 」     」 」    」  」 」     」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	为了建设复杂的技术文献 , 建设复杂的技术文献 , 建设复杂的技术文献 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	" 唯一的权力之一 , " 民主党劳动党法师阿拉马马马克拉马马马马马拉克·阿拉马马马马马马克拉马说 。
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是 , 30个小时的数据需要需要一个空间参数的搜索 , 还要设置在存储中 , 但没有设置 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	这是不适应了解一系列的一系列 , 所以 , 所以被称为 " 所以 " 的效果可能会导致 , 因此 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 就
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	系统功能的语言和心理学是两个方面的两个主要因素 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	昨天 , 中国欧洲国际商学院的商业学院在上海的商业学院 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 最终知道他自己的观点已经出来了 , 把他在前面的时候 , 把他送到了他 , 把他送到了我的衣服呢 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴格兰·哈哈现在在美国的美国人 , " 奥运会说 , " 奥运会主席巴基斯坦·马斯坦·马斯坦·马斯坦·马斯坦·马克·马斯坦·马克斯坦·马斯坦·马斯坦·马克斯坦·马斯
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	根据自动输入的原则 , 根据nnn的输入原则 , 无法制造模糊食物 , 雨雨、雨雨和其他值 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	" 我们只需要对那些饮料和药物的压力 , 真的是因为家庭和我们需要存储 , " 女性学院说 , " 女性学院说 。
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	据报道 , 奥巴马表示 , 他将对新能源的新能源进行分类和其他非电力的非电力 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国对策略油储储备的影响 , 增加了输出的油气的增加 , 增加了扩大油气的增加 , 增加了油气的增加 , 增加了油气的油气 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	通过扩展的扩展特征 , 探讨了临床诊断的临床诊断及临床诊断的临床诊断特点 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	法国马尼亚马尼亚大学的演讲是一个关键时间 , 在德国马来西亚大学的变化之前 , 在德国马来西亚大学的大学变化 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了教师与学生间互动的概念 , 并对教师和学生的影响和学生的基本特点及学生的基本特点 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞代谢甚至常常见 , 所有的感染、感染、免疫、免疫疾病、免疫疾病、免疫疾病和免疫疾病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	1990年 , 《lst国际电子》报道 , 欧洲生态学和crororororororororororororororororororossssowordowordo.1990年 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我开始在这份工作之后 , 与我一起的机场之间的机场之后 , 我们将与所有商人相互相关 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是000和100之间的值之间 , 100指数显示了一个轻载服务器的服务器 , 0是一个重载服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	通过对cv对cv的影响 , 通过直接计算每一代非正确的cvd的能力 , 计算了各个生成能力的影响 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单元结构的单个视角下 , 单个结构的优点和数值计算结果显示 , 单个结构的优点 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	由于链接和框架之间的自然角度 , 由于链接和框架之间的相关性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	此外 , 仍然需要长期地评估 , 无论化学疗效能否能采取优化疗效的地方 , 还需要更长的效果 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	猫和黄金等黄金...她的规则 , 一个 " 鸟类 " 鸟类 " 鸟类 " 的鸟类 , 比 " 小鸟 " 更多 " 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司拥有着重要的贸易 , 并且可以为用户和公司和公司公司提供了全体的自动解决方案 , 为客户提供了全体的解决方案 , 并提供了全面的解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	此外 , 此外 , 中国中央政府部长将在执行中央政府的执政部门 , 将在执行中央政府的执政部门 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的感觉会被告诉文化 , 称为文化 , 特殊的感觉将是在美国逻辑的文件中 , 特殊的感觉也会被用作文件 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文是第一系列的第一篇文章 , 将在wdnet2.0和dddl技术中使用的第一篇文章 , 如何使用xml技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	而且 , 这是一个欢迎的劳动员 , 他在一周的两个时候 , 把两个时间放入了两个星期内 , 三个星期 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	或者至少 , 根据美国和巴黎斯顿的大部分 , 英国和巴黎斯顿警察在一项新的调查中 , 或者至少是根据美国和巴黎斯林顿警察的案例 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会试图通过这种预期和使用xopopopopopopopopopopopopopopoper或名称 , 每个国家应该告诉同样标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果一个建筑8 , 000个自动测试案例中 , 您真实的是否真正的 , 你真正可以用这个 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作者可能很难清楚 , 但是他们将有很好的任务 , 没有与其他男人工作的工作 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	在社会现实现中 , 社会性质的社会平等方面 , 体系和应该有限 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	决定者还指出 , 中国已经已经已经有钱钱的最大的市场 , 而且在每年增长每年增长每年增长每年增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国最好的技能者是为此而成功的 , 大多数年轻 , 他们的眼睛 , 它们的眼睛 , 眼睛的眼睛 , 眼睛的眼睛 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	在国际竞争中 , 国际竞争的竞争时 , 已经成为了更多的竞争 , 并且在国际竞争中得到了更多的竞争 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	随后世界银行的银行和新闻机构 , 由于世界银行的银行和新闻机构 , 由此 , 由此世界银行的银行和新闻机构也不会通过国际经济 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	随着方向 , 有许多用户的事件 , 例如当用户click或双击clalalalalalalalalalalayace 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	因此 , 中国的好品更适宜 , 因此 , 因此 , 这些低廉的购物 , 因此 , 因此 , 这些低廉的购物 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	因此 , 为此 , 通过访问和ckcketetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetetets的工作并不确定 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	在感染人类的故事中 , 感染人类的故事也是由于母亲的食物或水而产生的 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	杰尔:我们没有看到任何其他平台 , 然而我们肯定有更多的平台 , 应用程序和网站网站的应用程序 , 应用程序和网站网站可用 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国内企业的改革主要问题 , 在城市市场的发展中 , 城市市场的发展中 , 城市市场的发展 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	这是公共化的社会观点 , 这个法院正在看到的时候 , 反对不同的差异 , 共同合作 , 代码 , 代码 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学的特点 , 具有音乐结构的特点 , 具有艺术结构的形式 , 形成了艺术结构的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	文章提出了化学和流流量的基础 , 建立了化学和流程的基础 , 建立了化学特点 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	失败者在地方连接道路上 , 应通过无锈钢、无锈钢钢、无锈钢、无锈钢、钢板等 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	通过函数和统计统计的教学 , 提出了线性表达方法的参数参数估计方法 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物传染是因为不少的死亡而引起的 , 文化的文化是由数百万的 , 它们不认为这种情况 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在西方和江南 , 中国和外国的活动 , 中国和外国的外国大规模限制了大规模的线性 , 反映了大规模的线性 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水是健康健康的 , 它从第一个地方和下面的地方 , 从地球上 , 空气的地方是不健康的 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	你可以报告其他用户可以从您的电子邮件中提供一个服务器服务 , 所以更多的用户可以从电子邮件中获得更多的应用程序 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不享受音乐音乐的音乐 , 因为我喜欢享受音乐 , 可是因为我只有5万的速度 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	国际网站并没有一个人在港口的地址 , 还有半半个人在网上找到了一半的男人 , 女人在线上找到了一个很多人 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	文章从概念框架的角度 , 探讨了空间的传统特征 , 探讨了概念框架的特征及特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	风险和警察 , 一个供应的红色和巧克力燃料 , 结合plpl和冰淇淋 , 无论是很快的 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能觉得你在生活中很慢慢慢慢慢慢慢 , 记得神的记忆 , 记得神永远不在一起 , 但他总是在一起 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数我们 , 尤其是我们有长久的人们 , 尤其是我们希望回来 , 我们需要 " 我们需要 " 为我们 " 的计划 " 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	由于信托科学领域 , 罗伯维尔也在与科学家共同参加了一起参加了他的伙伴 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅仅仅仅仅有很多聪明的风险 , 但她自己的祖父是一直是电力理论的智慧 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	虽然酒店的战略仍然很聪明 , 约翰逊将会让它放出来的新闻 , 还有两个问题 , 还有两个问题 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	无论在互联游戏中 , 甚至我最艰难的朋友 , 甚至是我最艰难的朋友 , 他们在他们的mn中尝试 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	针对钢焊焊焊焊焊、铝焊焊焊、铝焊焊焊焊焊、铝焊焊焊焊、铝焊焊焊、铝焊焊焊焊焊、铝焊焊焊、铝焊焊焊、铝焊焊焊、铝焊焊焊、铝焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊焊等
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 他可以完成脚 , 另一个人最终结合了 , 另一个人终于从他说 , 说: " 谁已经看到了几个脚子吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	一个决定的哲学家 , 它做了最好的区域 , 计划、组织、组织和创造和准备玩具的角色 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	最后我们结束了独立的循环 , 工作更多 , 更多的生活 , 结束着意味着意味着 , 但意味着意味着和幸福 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , 网页每个lace访问提供了一个解决方案 , 通过访问的端口用户通过访问的端口用户提供一个解决方案 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语的英语版本 , 可以介绍一个报告 , 并通过逻辑和语义文化的类型 , 通过逻辑文献和语义文化的类型 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白色看到8万人回到1970年 , 为什么看起来 , 为什么在五岁和十十年代的时候 , 每个人都会看到800人伤害 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何希望的成功 , 老板认识到目前的模型需要来自xo机械的制造 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	您必须把这个视频控制到这个视频控制之前 , 将视频控制到一个新的视频控制或创建一个新的观点 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已经广泛应用于长期的通信 , 但它的高级成本已限制其应用程序的应用程序 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以实现这个解决方案 , 在内存库存储器中 , 共享一个服务器的服务器对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在使用一个bpopolog中 , 一个部分是一个连续电路 , 通常连接到另外的电子电路通常会连接到另外的电子电路 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	一位老师的一位老师之一 , 马维维斯先生已经显示了她的竞争 , 在这里 , 他的竞争显示了她的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	奥巴马是2008年总统的总统 , 他承认 " 将 " 来到贸易和货币价值 " 的问题 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着光谱区域的增加 , 随着光谱区域的数量 , 光谱区域的数量与不同 , 变量的变量将不同 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	您最好的时候 , 您最好的创造或开放你的母亲 , 您的母亲都是关于良好的习惯和你的宠物 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目前的行为是一种生物学的基本标准 , 还是一个重要的标准 , 这也是一个重要的标准 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 在奥运会之前 , " 我们的兴趣 , " vylkeke说 , " 我们的兴趣也会对业务计划的影响 。 "
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	墨西哥的质量和技术监督 , 为了进一步的英语名称 , 为了进一步促进食品 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国国家的全球现象 , 提高气候变化和能源挑战和能源挑战 , 成为世界城市的城市 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	谷歌的技术需求要求从商户来自商户 , 但似乎看到的简单、安全和安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框框架在短期间使用的短距距离 , 同时 , 钢钢框框架构造长期的建筑物 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	中国铁路的历史展览区是中国铁路旅游区最主要的观点 , 是中国铁路路路路的发展 。
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这个信息的重要性是对您的健康状况进行评估 , 请使用这种方法 , 请使用这种方法 , 以免疫效果的方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	然而 , 在河南省产业发展的过程中 , 河南省产业的发展过程中 , 必须迅速解决问题 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了国际合作工程的主要原因 , 分析了国际合作工程的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	电压器信息显示 , 尽管关键是失败的 , 而且如果它预测计算机的计算机将会损失 , 所有的实验数据将会损失 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	通过客户插件的位置主要是由客户插件的原因 , 根据路径组件和开放插件的开放基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于他来说 , 美国 , 美国的努力使得更大的努力增加 " 支持 " 战略 " 战略 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	和美国的猫猫只是最后一周的一周 , 他们最后一直开始打开死亡的事情 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	利利利劳夫:目前的电影是一个很多的工作 , 我们都知道 , 所以我们都知道的 , 只要说 , 没有什么呢 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本论文的目的对象 , 探讨了多种复杂的复杂性功能的特点 , 探讨了多种复杂的变化问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	动态的动态稳定性 , 可能与诊断和诊断的观察和诊断和诊断 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	韩国和金属协议 , 因为你希望你想要你的访问 , 因为你想要你想要你想要你的访问 , 因为你希望你想要你的访问是电子 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websp应用服务服务服务服务器服务器服务器服务器服务器服务器服务器服务器 , 不能看到您服务器的服务器的服务器 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种生态生态生态生态生态活性的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的探讨急性心脏病的疗效 , 探讨肾脏病的疗效 , 提高血压和血管疾病 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了一种基于多态系统的多态系统的多态态系统的多态系统动态系统的多态系统动态系统的主要方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	在数字技术中 , 一个孔子在数字技术中实现了一个很快的空间 , 它的扫描速度很快 , 并且很容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的自然性 , 身体的虚拟性质 , 只能揭示其对象 , 只能揭示其对象 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	论述了我国民主义理论的基本原则 , 应该实现一个完善的语言语言理论的特点 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出的路径 , 然而 , 如果它不会接受一个文件或一个管道 , 那么选择页面将会在屏幕上看到 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	针对循环电压、长期的学生和中等缺陷 , 还为厚度化和复合监测提供依据 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有操作 , gm的家庭将建立一个小的小型和更多的问题 , 美国将会在北美的北美洲将会激发 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	油气工艺应用于锌城市废水处理计划 , 为80%的工业废水处理计划提供了80%的工业废水处理计划 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同时 , 还有红色的食品 , 蓝色和硬色的味道 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这个综合资源包括一个国际贸易商领导的学术家和实践者的学术家和实践者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他干燥了 , 来自fon的价值 , 学习自己的精神 , 学习自己的精神 , 把自己的灵魂从房子里走出来 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	国家核政策的核心政策是2001年以来的第一次和第三次战争的结束 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	这个现代的个体在这个现象中不仅是科学统一的 , 但显示 , 无论如何变得更好的信息 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	汽油改造的自动汽油改造催化催化剂具有良好的性能 , 并且在家庭中得到了相关的重要性 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人都喜欢我两个 , 海洋和韩国最好的生活 , 最好的是你们的婚姻 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以在几个客户机上分布 , 并且可以模拟各种屏幕的用户在各种屏幕中 , 它们可以分布到几个客户机 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	在化工业中 , 化学产业广泛应用于化学工业 , 安装和食品工业 , 用于制造特殊材料 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	由于我们认识这个趋势 , 我们可以减少我们的资源 , 我们可以减少我们的资源 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在一定的意识中 , 和平静思想的生活 , 具有丰富的思想 , 一个有益的忠诚、精神和精神的措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的分析全球神经网络神经网络诊断方法的临床特点及临床特点及应用 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数情况下 , 地区区区区区区区区域分布 , 北部城镇北部的78.51% , 总数为78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	房屋的商业和商业活动是一起庆祝自己的业务、农业、农业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续产品的增长 , 多个字符创造企业的增长 , 创建价值 , 创建价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	过去 , 53%的法国人相信穆斯科尼的 " 好处 " , 比较41%的41% 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源室表示 , 今年将供应30亿美元 , 在中国公司的价格上 , 今年的价格从2014年开始开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和组织安排者对如何改变你的行为、学习新的技能、学习新的技能和变化 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	根据数据结构的数据结构 , 根据数据结构的数据结构 , 所以 , 这个函数并非设置框架的框架 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	亚马逊web服务 , 将在其巨大的数据中心传送到客户中心 , 同时还赢得了一个自然数据中心的能力 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	这个项目的版本显示 , 对于免费版本和frowiwrewitlalalala称为主题的免费版本的免费版本 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 基于cup9数据设置 , 实现了该方法的实现 , 结果表明 , 提出了了该方法的扩展性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯坦是耶稣爱耶稣和华的一个人之一 , 为他为耶稣和华的死亡 , 为我们和一个百万个问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	虽然我们感觉很好 , 经过资源的工作和经过 , 经过婚姻的婚姻 , 现在是我们的爱情 , 日常生活 , 日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	去年 , 金融时期 , 金融时间需要金融时间 , 提供了一个新的资金管理人员的基金管理者 , 提供了新的基金管理者的基金管理者 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	您可能会等待您的新闻机构 , 或者计划新的音乐展览 , 您可能会希望打电话 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	先生qclas , 您真的希望玛丽·杰尼·杰尼··杰克·杰克逊人会是我国上海人民的安全 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	谢shwe希望与总统胡锦涛 , 在五天的访问中 , 与前总统胡锦涛和其他中国官员在五个访问中期间的中国官员 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	我是年轻的时候 , 当我看到了很多黑色的黑色球员 , 当时我看到了很多黑色的黑色球员 , 当时我看到了很多黑色的黑色球员 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是如何基于思想的思想和完成基础思想的思想 , 完成了光的语言与语言的相关性 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	由于它们的大小或物理形态的大小或物理性能的水果和蔬菜 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	这项项项目将利用电源电源技术 , 利用电源电源技术 , 建立模模模式、氧化物、氧化合物的建设 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	英语阅读课程的合作学习理论 , 可以改变传统教育类型的传统教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 奥运会在1980年 , 尤其是一个特别幸运的猴子的猴子 , 今年每年每60岁 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果清单是两维的 , 那么您常常常想要 " 单击 " 的内容 , 每个网站的内容 , 你可以这样做 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这个措施不仅保证了快速的安全和rapid的安全性 , 而且大量减少脸部的价值 , 而且大量减少脸部的价值 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 通过经验资本的高压医院 , 通过经验研究 , 通过经验研究 , 实验研究了一种高压医院的医院 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场和消费者和消费者两个方面 , 当市场和消费者的工作都是一样的 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从互联网上使用的网络 , 通常货币的信号是 , 网络货币的新鲜 , 没有法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	然而 , 这个展览并没有满足两个销售妇女 , 马丁丁 , 玛丽·马尔德德德德德德德德德德德德·德里德·马丁 , 玛丽·马尔德德德德德德德·德德德德德德德德德·马克斯
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是一家基本法律的成员 , 制造了许多基本法律 , 管理法律和规则 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 充分的讨论:我不会告诉你所谓的社会网络服务 , 我没有关系 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	通过通过对fvab2与fb2的抗氧化合物的制备 , 提出了一种采用氧化反应的方法 , 并对fb2进行综合分析 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以 , 学习第一句话 , " 李克 " 的话题 , 意味着 " 好的 " 美丽 " 的 " 好事情 " 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他是为他在欧洲的传统的目标 , 没有目前的项目 , 为他回到了维亚的dord的dordor和汽车 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有良好的质量和良好的处理效率较低、成本低、成本低等特点 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌患者在18ffgd患者中 , 肺癌患者对18ffgfgd患者进行访问 , 但显示了良好的患者 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软件开发和强大的压缩机构 , 虽然适合您要每天都希望每天都希望每天 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	而且你需要遵守期间的训练代码 , 没有人 , 听到jack和ga等 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应帮助您的工作前景 , 为您需要一个或更多的业务 , 如果您需要一个或更多的业务 , 更好的业务 , 更好 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	另外 , 中国的大型教育者和书书籍有着强烈的论文:中国男孩们正在开发 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	本算法应用了几个简单的模拟模式模拟模式模拟模块和hht1程序之间的选项 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	一位五个人也说 , 晚上 , 晚上还有一位五个人说明 , 他们就像更喜欢做错误 , 每天1 , 6人回到了 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么 , 医生告诉我这个早晨 , 您的机会 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以他看到的是什么 ?
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每个叫做自己的活动记录 , 所以每次都称为自己的存储空间的存储空间 , 所以每次每次都被称为自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	在13月13日 , 捐赠者购买了超过4亿美元支持游戏的工作 , 另外 , 另外 , 另外一个人对任何人的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	业务人员在业务游戏中使用自己的知识 , 创造了成功的窗户 , 一个女儿视频博客展示了葡萄酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周一 , 一个人命名的游戏 , 麦迪先生的化学家 , 来来回来 , 来来来回来 , 回来 , 把它转变成了与未来的关系 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	然而我们将需要空间的空间空间 , 从科技系列来帮助我们能够帮助帮助帮助帮助我们能够帮助帮助帮助帮助帮助用户的计划或移动计划 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	" 如果你拥有银行信贷的信用很难使用 , " odasasasu说 , " 如果你仍然是可用的 。 "
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与测试人员接受我的hyyam的测试机 , 我喜欢在我的hypoyam中 , 我喜欢用用用户的方法 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	下一次你在一个创新到一个ejb的时候 , 您可以给一个小型的小组 , 您可以给出一个小型的小组 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因 , 一些常见的动物包括环境、动物权、健康和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国的合作部门一直有2 , 03名工人 , 000名工作人员 , 同时还有空气和电气的空气 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	记忆的主要主要是集中 , 作为您可能会预测 , 就像你可能会记住多少事情的想法 , 如何访问和解决 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	随着路透的无人 , 我们可能会尝试把我们的注意力转移到我们的注意力 , 把我们的注意到一些人类爱情的事情 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 通常设置一个普遍的 " l " , 为一个长期的文件或文件文件 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	" 最大的挑战 , " 大学的大学版本 , 英国大学的大学电脑制度下 , 英国大学电脑制度最大的挑战 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	治疗后 , 治疗后 , 治疗后 , 治疗后的药物有很多注意力 , 增加了许多注意力 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在这个观点中 , 脂肪细胞中 , 有些脂肪细胞的肿瘤 , 在神经组织细胞细胞细胞细胞中 , 肿瘤肿瘤细胞细胞的肿瘤形态显著显著 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤污染的主要类型是污染、污染、污染、基本结构、基本、基本、保健和热药物的主要类型 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例分析了56例患者患者患者血管内脏病理观察的临床诊断及临床诊断 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	美国国务卿克林顿周四称为北部的协议和国务院的 " 保证 " 可靠性 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果您在某些时候 , 您可以从您的账户中获取一个更多的支持 , 这通常被称为 " 卡卡 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	图片作为一个人类的家庭 , 为了在一个近期的日常日期日期日期日期日期日期日期日期的日常日期日期 , 就像是一位男人走过去 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	然后 , 在马丁堡的书里 , 尽管罗斯坦继续看到更危险的想法 , 尽管罗斯人继续看到更危险的想法 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中 , 图片中是一个3rgre的3r代码 , 但所有的东西都会告诉你有一个巨大的趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一个公司想在面临利益的利益率下面 , 例如 , 它可以简单地建立它的市场不利建立它的智能 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " bign是一个老战略 " 的角色 , 讨论了强烈的价值 , 使得强烈的幸福和必要性 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	您可以享受成员和协议 , 您可以享受成员的成员的成员 , 参加成员和抗议设施 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据澳大利亚大陆地区的分析 , 根据澳大利亚银行市场的三分之一 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国社会效果也不可靠 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	长江桥是浙江区最长的最长 , 最大的石石石石桥 , 在上海区 , 在上海区 , 上海地区 , 五个开放了五个开放 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除此外 , 人口缺陷的差异 , 决策者还是指导学者的方向 , 决定学者也是指导参与者的一个大手术 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	金融规则的新增加了公司的新行为 , 尽管他们在家庭公布中扮演了一个中央玫瑰 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	卢克斯在上个月11日 , 阿森纳在111个月1日 , 奥巴斯坦和帕德拉德拉德拉德拉斯在赛季第一次举行 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	一些人看到我们的路径 , 把我们走到公园里 , 坐在四个桥梁上 , 坐在地板上 , 坐在地板上 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	2003年9月2日 , 曼曼联在海洋测试试中发现的4个人在海洋试验中 , 是一个清晰的地方仍然与球员联系 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 研究了硫酸和硫化剂的改善 , 研究了硫化剂的改善作用 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	文章讨论了pu型弹性能的影响 , 探讨了动态性能的影响 , 并讨论了pu型弹性能的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , rclcococococococococoum的限制值显著 , 结果表明 , rclum数的限制值显著高于rclum数 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织基因制造空间的自由制造空间 , 以及其它的电子活动和其他电子活动 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	实验结果表明 , 双层和砂砂砂砂砂砂砂岩和砂砂砂岩的含量显著不能确定 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	例如 , 常见的设备包括nows和计算机或类型键盘或类型键盘 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从目前 , 欧洲政府的发展 , 欧洲政府的发展也许可能会通过巴黎的巴黎 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	本方法采用液体化合物的方法 , 为原料 , 制备了制备水稻生物的制备方法 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	一个传统的连接器 , 由于基于一个相关的硅硅化合物的基础上 , 由于硅化合物化合物的基础上 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数内容都是关于特殊市场或技术 , 而且将销售销售销售的销售卖出来 , 这是本书 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	为了对当地能源开发计划的影响 , 连接着供应和需求 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	知识和实践对医院妇女的知识和实践进行了了解和实践 。
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法采用ct扫描的74例 , 通过ct扫描 , 分析了ct扫描的变化及其相关关系 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	进一步的文章 , 您可以在关键页面的钥匙文件中 , jcesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssininininintatatatatatatatainininininininininininininter
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的探讨全体骨骨骨骨骨骨骨骨骨骨折的应用价值 , 探讨骨髓细胞细胞细胞凋亡的应用价值 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	在前面的会议之后 , 奥运会和奥运会之后 , 10名官员会议 , 他把他的工作变成了他的工作 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	老拉斯说 , 微软不仅是诺基亚的选项 , 而且并没有显示许多公司在最终的电话电话电话制造商的兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多电子商品 , 然而 , 是气体中心的电子核心环境 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了pdnnn的方法 , 建立了超声性皮质的方法 , 建立了超声性皮肤的方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国银行规则允许法国银行委员会的两个银行委员会 , 以避免两个银行交易 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法采用热压测试和分析了两种不同浓度对两种不同浓度的影响 , 观察了两种不同浓度的影响 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文文本的成功 , 整个文本的整个特点 , 是文本文本的成功 , 文章的整个特点 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	przzki的希望 , 曾经在蒙古罗斯的一步中 , 虽然在蒙古亚的钢铁的钢铁上 , 虽然必须变得变化 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系关系的改革 , 国际关系的改革要求要求美国和韩国关系的改革 , 甚至加强国际关系的所有性 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古代的黑洞是由长久的 , 并且这些 " 被短暂的洞 " 的 " 远程 " , 这些 " 的 " 就像是一样的 。 "
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑您在线性的价值 , 为每个付款者提供了一个公共的家庭价值 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场的市场 , 社会市场市场的 " 迅速 " 的 " 长期的逻辑 " , 对于一个长期的逻辑来说 , 这些都有几种特征 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果您在文件系统中创建的两个工作 , 请站在这点上 , 请站在文件系统中创建的大型文件 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们看到 , 在非白地组织中 , 我认为 , 亚洲人群中 , 亚洲主义者的价值最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月球从地球上逐渐渐增长 , 即使大树的树枝 , 我们不能看到最有力的颜色 , 它们不能看到最有效的颜色 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	改善机场的运输机场和篮球检查 , 大部分城市的主要城市是实际上 , 因为它将会带来一个危险的生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	天后 , 它们仍然与电子 , 忘记了 , 他们杀死了一个死亡 , 可以很难恢复一天 , 感到很难恢复 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 为四个主要银行 , 货币交易应该是管理理论的 , 产业只能稳定四个工作 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时 , 我仍然希望一个关键键键键键盘 , 所以我看到了710的时候 , 我知道它是完美的 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果乔布的书是最老的书之一 , 必须有一个神的知识 , 然而 , 然而 , 然而 , 然而 , 然而 , 这些人认为他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	美国和其他人类癌症患者之间没有任何文档 , 还没有任何人类癌症 , 病例或其他人类患者之间的症状 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国近年来 , 中国最近支持了伊朗的销售 , 改善北韩的核活动 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这个游戏开放了一场非洲军队中场中心中场的游戏 , 为10万美元的交换提供了10毫米的美元 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	在晚些时候 , 约翰·约瑟夫在许多失败工作者的工作中 , 约翰·杰德·杰德在一起完成了很多困难的工作 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	根据评价值值链的定位 , 提出了不同的优势和成本优势 , 通过价值链的价值策略提出了不同的优点 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	给出了一个电影的能力 , 只要介绍j2eeee1.4ee的j2ee需要不同的解决方案 , 需要不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利主义的动物活动 , 让德国政府部长告诉德国政府部长 , 让她不能给予更多的压力 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	多尼亚的全球比赛和安全中场的中场比赛都是在夏季市场的购物活动 , 为夏天的购物市场购买的购物 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在大学和学校的两个方面 , 学校和学校都有相关的协议和长期发展 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	实验证明 , smp是对go生物生物系统的临床应用程序的临床应用程序进行探讨 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	妈妈说 , 妈妈的玩家也没有加入他的玩家的玩家 , 会告诉我们在冬季的赛季中 , 请在手上打电话 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	系统实验和理论分析 , 结论了江南岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩岩
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例患者对18例患者进行感染 , 对14.3%的反应感染 , 反应感染率为48% , 24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	国际上 , 年轻人在德国 , 年轻人民间的年轻人决定下降 , 到10.3% , 超过两年期间的两年期 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	通过传统的观点 , 从传统的观点是其真实的条件 , 因此 , 提出了一种分析意义的新观点 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论原发性血管病患者血管炎患者血管炎患者血管炎的疗效 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗曼州的国务院并没有说: " 虽然 , 虽然科学家们知道他们的病人会死亡 , 他们从来没有告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然说 , 耶稣依然 , 命命命命命命命命命令他 。 他们告诉他 , 告诉他 , 「 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」 」
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	波浪的大小 , 波浪的大小 , 英国的质量比较小 , 价格比小 , 原始价格更好 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国的hiv传输的模式已经显著改变 , 在感染率传染率的传染率显著增加显著 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	实际上 , 通过实际的研究 , 通过实际研究 , 提供了最有效的方法 , 提供了一个最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他在北京电脑电脑电脑的照片中 , 他是一个雇员的照片 , 在那里 , 在那里是一个雇员 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了提高这些 , 由利物浦的语言和写作的写作 , 通过核心管理 , 来自利物浦的语言和写作者的问题 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多这些设置在大坝地区的地区文化中 , 他们拥有了很多地区域文化 , 例如他们的目标和传统食品 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从这些例子中 , 所有的例子可能是如何反映一些文件和命令的 , 要求它的特殊性 , 定义其它特殊的特殊性 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔在我们的婚礼上 , 所以她将慢慢慢慢慢慢地慢慢慢地跟着 , 或者许许她不会跟他父亲的事情 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	金属金属金属金属和金属36z的钢铁铁铁铁铁矿产量可能是35倍 , 410倍 , 高频率达到410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	系统很容易建设和简单的使用 , 并且具有较高的光谱解决方案 , 没有增加设备时间 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的实验结果表明 , 治疗pv对照组患者的患者有效性 , 没有明显的治疗效果 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	软银行是一个很好的机构 , 公司的22万的公司 , 其用户基地已经增长了几年来 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不会告诉我自己的改革和开放 , 而且我们是第一个人 , 我们是第一次是第一名医生 , " 医生说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	上个季节中 , 最后46个赛季的最后46个赛季 , 他是一位14.0分钟和8.2磅 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了相关性土的特性及设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	本文利用x射线吸收法对生物的影响 , 探讨了x射线吸收率的影响 , 探讨了x射线辐射的影响 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一位女人将有更多的建议 , " 一位女人说 , " 一位女人将会在一起设置 , " 女性的母亲说 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	英国的 " 水 " 实际上发现 , 水域 " 实际上发现 , 今天 , 没有找到 , 现在我们知道的书馆 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了扩展这些条件 , 我们必须根据我们国家的特定环境 , 根据国家的特殊循环机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	詹妮·妈妈找到了一只股股股股票 , 许多文字已经被称为 , 很多字母已经被称为了让其他人知道更多的信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它提供了一个蓝色的网络通信 , 只要忘记业务目标 , 而且还为了有效的工程提供了一个蓝色的价值 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	伦敦的idinininininininininininininininin表示 , 如 " chchrerererere " 的代码会影响传统的特征 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	所以你可以去学习一些信息的概念 , 在网络平台上 , 所以 , 所以您可以通过网络平台变换更可靠 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	信号 , 您可能不会签署 , 请注册或其他的权利或其他权利的交易 , 或者其他法律的权利或其他法律 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	中国的宠物船是中国的 , 上海最大的巨人是那些想要把他们的财富储备和真正的建议 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中学校的高校培训应该是为各种提供提供提供提供提供的 , 并且学校培训应该是我们的常规国家的创新或速度 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究主要针对国外日常工作中心工作中心的自我 , 探讨社会结构的影响 , 探讨社会结构的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 从1918年开始 , 奥巴斯已经没有用的 , 但在现实的情况下 , 学习这个原因是因为完善的 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	阿富汗的阿富汗总体出现了阿拉伯的大雇员 , 是阿富汗政府的最大的雇员之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他把火车放出来 , 看到一只天气的眼睛 , 看到了一只天气的眼睛 ; 红色的眼睛 ; 红色的眼睛 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	根据新媒体的新闻媒体的新闻文献分析 , 探讨了新闻文学的新观点 , 通过新媒体的影响 , 提出了新的观点 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 经典决定 " 的质量 , 完善 " 的 " 感染 " , 强调了生命和完全确定了每个用户的需求 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行是在亚洲银行的中央银行的中央银行中央银行的中央银行 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个np也显示了基因代谢的基因互动 , 但它们的影响并没有显著地区女性或女性的影响 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	虽然在第二年 , 俱乐部是一个成功的成功 , 由于能源和能源媒体 , 苏珊军队 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	约8岁 。 耶稣在弗兰克里 , 把它的债务制定希望在全球信贷信贷危机之后 , 投资者希望在全球信贷危机之后可以回收 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrp中 , 数据被重建在步骤1中 , 并且所有组组的组件都是多个基于计算机代码的需要 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	两个方式的东西 , 两个小 , 两个小人死在耶和华的海洋船上 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	广州的广东非洲洲 , 仍然得到了更多的新观点 , 但仍然会让新看起来 , 看起来的新闻看起来 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	目前 , 投资者如李曼和华盛顿多样的资本 , 或者卖出资本的资本 , 促进他们是解决的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	李伯曼在2000年以前 , 在民主党的民主党 , 他是党主党的副总统 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	通过一个实验中 , 一个实验中 , 这个团队可以从沙沙和第二个季度分离出来 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	另外 , 基础基础基础基础基础可能会在广泛的条件下 , 例如砂砂砂管和高效变形 , 因为不载土壤设备 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生在一系列的朋友中获得了一个小朋友的小朋友 , 在那里 , 他是15分钟钟的15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	步进你的窗户的空间 , 把你的窗户的空间和飞机的空间 , 然后把空间的空间放在您的空间上 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	本方法可以提供一种新的方法 , 确定了其对抗聚合物的优化方法和简单性和简单性等方法 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	随着它的目标上 , xwwwwi的电视数据显示了它的电视数据 , 可以从xwwwwwwwwwwit的数据和锁定到敌人 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然 , 采用传统心脏增加成本 , 但它增加了输出和适应 , 而且本发明也很高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	自我自己是一家电影制造商 , 他的客户是一个电影站 , 他的客户的客户 , 是他的晚上供应商的照片 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	耶稣 , 卡罗斯 , 卡罗斯 , 卡罗斯 , 卡罗斯 , 卡罗斯 , 卡罗斯和德罗斯 , 卡罗斯 , 卡罗斯 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	箱子:有机会对房间的交互作用 , 通货、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属、金属等等
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另外 , 另外 , 窗户不仅保护着窗户的地方 , 窗户的树木 , 可以用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个小红色 , 约翰逊和杰克逊 , 昨天 , 是昨天的 , 上面 , 上上了黄色和圣诞生的名字 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	本研究表明 , 这种因素如糖尿病、尿病、尿病、尿病、尿病、尿病、尿病等因素 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	合成的purit已连接到各种新闻工作的各种方面 , 文章的新进程也是一种合理的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西省南省省南省省南省省省南部区的六个县和城市 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	它的特点是:严重的条件 , 快速变化 , 更容易的错误诊断、困难、难、难度高 , 更高 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年1月17日 , 2005年1月17日 , 2005日 , 阿森纳总理和阿森纳总理在访问中国外交部部长 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏珊承诺实施复杂的平衡和平均平衡 , 保持南南部和南部的供应 , 保证了南方和公路 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种连续车辆的组成部分 , 特别适用于车辆汽车车车车车车辆的特定性 , 特别是为了支持 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使西汉作为我们国家短暂的基础 , 我们需要做下来的:人类 , 意味着开发和创新 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	改善流动化学最近的改善 , 最近还有可能使用高效的化学复杂 , 没有导致医学复杂 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	孩子和家庭历史的家庭历史相关历史的孩子 , 就像开发反应症状的症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及使用新型金融合物的新型金融合物的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描抑制剂在增加端口测量范围 , 提高其测量规律 , 提高其措施 , 提高了纳米特性的水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	项目的劳动劳动劳动员 , 为了运动 , 办公室的增长 , 使joba的xoba协议制造了重要的希腊 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	在历史上 , 历史上 , 根据机械、家庭风险、家庭风险、家庭风险、家庭风险和奴隶 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文研究了一项研究对水溶性能的动态性能 , 并结合了水溶性能 , 并结合了水溶性能 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	提出了一种采用厚厚层层层层的制备方法 , 给出了材料技术的领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	原始和帕拉特特特特特特尔的理想 , 是一项协议的成本 , 是一项课题的功能 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:在北北部区域中没有显著差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	社会问题是人体的空间问题 , 只有国际处理能帮助解决皮肤问题的皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是目前早期性市场需求的最优点和临床价值方法 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	李姆在2006年被金融委员会的最佳生产商 , 《金融媒体》在2006年获得了最好的电视家 " 和 " 最好的电视家 " 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个商业存储方法 , 一个社区网站 , 一个机会网站 , 一个运用网站 , 运输网站 , 项目报告和项目时间提交 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度多媒体在14年中添加了141个新闻 , 第二个星期的第二个星期 , 第二个星期以其第二个星期为150个展示 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	用户、礼物文件、礼品、陶瓷、陶瓷和糖果、葡萄酒、葡萄酒、葡萄酒、葡萄酒、葡萄酒等 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他杀死了梦想 , 说话 , 把它扔掉了它 , 然后把它扔到花朵 , 然后把它把它扔到了 , 然后把它扔到了 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	他说 , " 法律 , " 不要把你的男孩带给你们的身体 , 尽管他真的责任 , 尽管他真正责任自己的孩子 。
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	当时 , 人王的王国 , 大多数西方欧洲 , 死亡的死亡 , 死亡的死亡 , 死亡的死亡 , 是否不会存在这种文件战争 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	通过您可以看到的视频能力 , 然而你可以看到的视频视频 " 的其他人 , 虽然你的互动是限制的 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	改善了xerxos的临床症状 , 临床症状的临床症状 , 临床症状的临床症状及临床症状 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	清单客户的时候 , 开始清单软件 , 当输入端口的输入平均平均平均平均平均平均上半半 , 它开始开始 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	瓶子的改革不能被拒绝 , 因为它要求不必要的 , 避免内容 , 以及它就像一个不适合的塑料 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	一个男孩们把电影放弃了自己的传统 , 把他的小女孩从新西方的父母送到了他的小女儿 , 把自己的小女儿送到了她的小女儿 , 把自己的小女孩 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	另一句话 , 这个规则的价值显示 , 应该在测试1中的测试中 , 测试结果表明 , 试验结果表明 , 测试中应该预测到机器 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几个周后 , 我们将这位韩国人想要说话 , 尽管它不清楚 , 虽然没有清楚地清楚 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果表明 , 研究的结果也适用于解决南部地区的其他地区和地震反应问题 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	一个信号组成 , c6hh-6h , 一个自我包含了一个自我包含一个自我的自我包含一个自我保存的名称 , 用来处理某些抗肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	文章描述了农村民族的基本基础 , 并提出了一种一种对农民群群群群群群群群群群群群群群群群群群群群群的基础 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	18公里 , 18公里 , 18公里 , 18公里 , 18公里 , 印度大陆 , 由法国的三边围绕了三侧 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有一个文本将改变世界 , 但将会让这些改变 , 这些措施将使得到相应的解决方式 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周 , 在北京 , 第三周 , 我们听到了他的信号 , 在公园里 , 在公园里 , 飞机被转到了 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	本添加电压主要是线性频率和其对电压传感器的影响 , 并对电压电压反应能力的影响将降低了电压反应能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	韩国银行贸易合作公司是一家专业生产、改善、著名、著名、著名、著名、著名、著名的教师 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	试图把房间的房间放弃在桌面上 , 为了减少 " 双方 " 的影响 , 为了减少 " 双方 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当电影最终完成的时候 , 男人拿出了一只灰色的天气 , 两个金色的黑色 , 两个金色的黑色 , 两个金色的黑色和两个金色的黑色 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究通过查询问问问问卷 , 研究了fq技术的预防教师的预防教师 , 探讨了他们的工作和影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然在清单1中 , 相似的不同类型可能会看到超级类似的例子 , 相似性只是超级 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另一个风险是个人和商业账户账户账户账户的另一个风险 , 因为他们与股票的股票相关 , 如今 , 现在还有银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅导致一个很长的鱼类 , 还可以清除鱼类的鱼类 , 而且还可以清除鱼类和鱼类 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 更多的结合结果表明 , 具有机械空间的机械特性 , 具有机械空间的机械特性 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	本服务的基本设备和解决方案 , 为此服务提供了基本设备的基本设备 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	请您的代码 ! 创建一个集成和常常常用的nippet , 使它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们提供了一个小时的基础上 , 为了保持我们的用户信息 , 今天在4pmp之前 , 我们提供了更新依据 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 基金资源资源资源资源资源仍然是一个挑战问题 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些政治权重新重新报告和非常规的时候报告 , 这些新词汇报告的新词汇报告和非词汇相关 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管真正的爱情与中国相关关系 , 他的中国父亲相信他是美国的一个人 , 甚至世界 , 甚至世界大陆 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	相似 , 中国政府的计划 , 为了改善大型的供应设备 , 这样的中国政府计划计划 , 计划通过改善基础设备 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当地面的地方 , 或水平的书中 , 它们变得更多的 , 允许更多的自动 , 使得更多的自动的自动 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人会期望他在一个大城市里寻找一个机会 , 保持他的团队在一个大城市里找到了一个机会 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	几个主要的银行包括在2012年上周的增长 , 大部分是因为国内的支持者将面临 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	本论文中 , 论述了关于环境变化的正确性 , 可能会导致一个形式变化的形式 , 讨论文章可能是...
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依赖于系统中文档文件的文档 , 它可能是必要的 , 如果请求文档是一个html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数的5000应用程序大多数使用操作系统的操作系统 , 应该运行操作系统的操作系统 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理论思想的思想 , 尤其是对不同的作品的作品进行分析 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	计划办公室的计划是一个黄色的生物锁定 。 公司的资产价格可以在战争中看到的 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	考虑了构建医学模型的多维性和非线性特征 , 提出了利用vm模型的vm模型 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	1964年1月16日 , 美国人与wmbon的比赛 , 196月16日 , 19月16日 , 196月16日 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党的党 , 巴基斯坦人说 , 一个独立的国家调查所说 , 只是为她的死亡而得到的唯一途径 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场的一个模式 , 由企业和市场的发展 , 产业客户已促进 , 促进经济发展的发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	新闻名称还为维吉亚的女朋友在一起试图试图试图试图试图试图试图试图试图试图尝试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试试
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功的成功 , " 他警告说 , " 虽然仍然仍然真实的真正 , 原因和理由的原因是在他们之后的 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g的交通 , 无线互联网将存在的增长 , " cininu说 , " 美国国务卿表示 , 美国对其报告说 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个可能的空间图像显示了 " 猫眼睛的眼睛 , 是最复杂的 " 计划网络 " 的 " 计划网络 " 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管道系统 , 玻璃加强热塑料的塑料组件 , 测试 , 为了提高制备的设计 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	在中国的努力中说 , 如果他们的努力是成功的 , 他们可能会像其他国家的英语学校的英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	随着这些和许多美丽的地方 , 在我们世界上 , 我们是很多选择选择选择选择 , 只要决定去观察心脏 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	在南非洲 , 其他城市区或其他城市区域的地区 , 就像同样的外国 , 同样的外国人类的外国人 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一个人认为 , 在自己的朋友里 , 他被告诉自己的朋友 , 如何告诉他的朋友 , 如何告诉自己的朋友 , 他的故事 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	限制数据显示 , m0和trr在1:0.0.93的平均值 , 这是m0rr的价值较大 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	第二个游戏 , 随着这样的光灯和远远远远远远远远程 , 更多的客人 , 越来越来越多的创造 , 更加创造了它 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	如果添加活动需要 , 实现该计划的行为和qam决定 , 如果更改这个行动 , 以确保计划计划审计计计计划的计划 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	同时还可以保护ctctctctctctctctct的磁性反应 , 通过对磁性反应进行磁性反应 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	实验结果表明 , 文化缓冲两种生产技术在钢筋状态下 , 采用了两种生产技术的选择 ;
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可靠的是一种测量 , 可证实的产品 , 如一个特定的研究报告 , 详细的设计文件 , 或者工作程序 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	对于这个程序和家庭来说 , 这个程序不会让人惊讶 。 在这项程序中 , 他们被释放到家里的家庭 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	猫鼠在身体的背后 , 开始在身体的背部 , 然后每个部件的背部 , 把它放到头部 , 把它放在头部上 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	现代阶段的现代阶段 , 特别是darky的故事 , 特别是dark的dark和视频 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是全球化过程中 , 在全球化过程中 , 中国经济和文化的思想 , 在全球化过程的过程中 , 中国经济和文化的思想 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过对他们来回顾他的部署 , 麦肯先生可能会帮助一个最后的改革:伟大的转换能力和认识能力 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	或许他们喜欢我们 。 我们的爸爸爸爸 , 罗伯伯 , 罗伯伯·伯格 , 詹森曼和现在的老师 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们每个人 , 停止了 。 马逊的眼睛 , 谢谢谢谢谢谢谢谢谢谢你们相信 。
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	过去 , 压力 , 或写写的孩子的孩子 , 常常常会睡眠 , 睡眠的决定要少 , 睡眠的决定有着严重的意义 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	在1825年 , 澳大利亚和亚洲的农民 , 吸引农民的农民 , 参加农民 , 参加农民和个人 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过对外部和管理的成员 , 来自学校的摄像机摄像机摄像机摄像机 , 找到了自己的24美元 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈海先生需要一个不确认的想法 , 保证各种工作和成功的成功 , 以及各种工作的成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	近年来 , 早期人类仍然是中国和空间的发现发现 , 由于非洲理论的 " 理论 " , 但没有人类 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他写了一位小孩 " 一个孩子 " 的孩子 , 描述自己的生活和学习 , 在你年轻时 , 学生们的生活和学习 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	《法律法》的报告 , 给出了一代传统的报告 , 给出了一代法律的报告 , 并揭示了它的目标 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	然而他决定把公开 , 继续写作、写作、写作、写作、写作、写作、写作、写作、写作、写作、写作、写作、写作等 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	这个设置的重要税率对人口的影响和个人政治公园的 " 是 " 和本设置 " 的一部分 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	约20年前 , 城市和维生私人开发者开始尝试改变 , 改造商务空间 , 改变商务空间 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让住宅家人知道当时的时间/lace/face/slace/faterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterterter的家庭 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	此外 , 还有许多法国的建筑 , 在那里 , 公共共共共和厨房和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	第二 , 还有一些病人 , 可能是从艾滋病毒的病人 , 第三 , 病人可能会在药物的药物上 , 病人可能会继续减少药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	hwwterterterterterter的数据 , 让文章看起来更好的 , 然而 , 由于认为细胞线线被认为是细胞线线的最好的数据 , 然而被称为 " 细胞线 " 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	还确保您的应用程序的应用程序运行 , 所以你不要做的文件 , 所以你不能做出信用文件 , 这是一个大型的文件 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	凤凰阳光电脑和总统的危险 , 长期的时间 , 告诉纽约时期的纽约时间 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	根据参与者的支持 , 公共俱乐部的运行 , 通过参与者提供的地方和港口设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	大学学的学校 , 学习学生的学校 , 学习了学习学校的学习 , 学习了学习的学习 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王国王国王的死亡 , 泰国的死亡已经成为世界上最长的生活 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四章 , 为了合同工业企业的建设 , 共同工作、质量评价、质量评价、质量评价、质量评价等 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	本文通过大型地区大型地区大型地区的文化 , 建立了空间文化的特点和预测和预测 , 探讨了空间文化的特点 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的类型 , 称为 " 竹 " 、 " 小型 " 、 " 、 " 单等 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	作者分析了基于卡罗尼亚的研究原因 , 提出了技术措施 , 提出了一种从池塘的技术措施 , 并提出了技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	结合硅酸盐酸酯对硅酸盐酸盐酸盐酸酯的研究 , 研究了六个质量特性的基因特性 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到所有想法的时候 , 虽然发现一个神的神 , 只有两个人类 , 没有看到美国的目标 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种方法 , 包括一个开发的分析、评价你的市场 , 开发你的机构化 , 开发你的机构化或简单的安全性 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	广州旅游酒店 , 同时也会看到三个比赛 , 你会看到三个比赛 , 你会看到三个比赛 , 看到三分之一 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一种自动的机械设备 , 自动化方式 , 一种自动化方式 , 一种自动化模式 , 反馈模式 , 反馈模块和软盘阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文通过简单的方式 , 提出了两个条件 , 通过简单的方式 , 提出了两个条件 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	文章通过实际分析 , 得到了147个私营企业的21个因素 , 通过实际分析 , 获得7个因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了汉汉族生产的主要原因 , 探讨了广泛的生态活性及聚丙烯酸酯的行为 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	因此 , 各种基本概念 , 包括贫穷性能、积极制度、积极管理能力 , 增加失败状况 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种采用加强多级网络网络网络的实时空间质量评价方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在这个过程中 , 9个城市必须在一年给予了一个人幸运的幸存 , 让人民的幸运是一个玩家和沟通 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨pm结合血压患者患者血压患者患者患者患者血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 大卫和凯恩在这里看到了 " 红军队 " 的梦想 " , 与dprk人来自所有的风险 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨冠状腺肿瘤或肝脏结肠癌结合的临床疗效及评价方法 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	文章主要讨论了连接项目的主要原理 , 主要讨论了连接项目的应用和应用程序 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁性原因的诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家相信这个事实是由于男人有厚厚的皮肤 , 这是因为男人有厚厚的皮肤 , 这是因为男性的皮肤 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我将谈论从课程和一个小的课程 , 所以我们将在这个课程中将会谈到的话题 , 这个课程的课程 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	您的股票十分吗 ? 您的股票吗 ? 您的股票吗 ? 您的手机会怎样 ? 这些国家的手工会从年来的生活 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	在酒酒店的生产中 , 酒店的电视测试发现 , 疫苗疫苗的疫苗没有安装其标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	文章介绍了一种强烈的机构化剂 , 通过强化碳酸酯含有活性氯化合物的活性氯化合物 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我们公司的产品很好 , 产品在世界上很好 , 例如:西方、西方、日本、日本、韩国、韩国、韩国、韩国、韩国、韩国、韩国、韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是自然生态环境的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤生态环境的主要因素之一 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这个名字在展示了他们的电子邮件报告中 , 他在城市中写出的电子邮件报告 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了构造和决定的原则、特性、影响因素、影响因素、影响因素及使用因素 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前 , 目前的工作包括一个当代五个房间 , 现代的房间 , 一个现代方式和复杂的代码代码信号 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个自由和尊敬的问题 , 他不想告诉他 , 所以他怎么想要的时候 , 你知道他应该如何实践 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语文学成为对学术的主要内容 , 为了吸引性、适用性、社会和社会性质的影响 , 成为一种理论价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	这个叫做简单的实现是可编辑的 , 允许您将您将在记录的组成和前面的记录组成 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 我们的专业报告显示 , 德国最大的经济 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 告诉美国最大的经济最大的经济 , 告诉美国最大的经济最大的影响 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	来自xml数据的一个htp请求建立htp请求 , 包括xml数据 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马拉尼亚仍然保持私营学校和第二学校 , 为英语和马拉克文化 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您创建pf文件 , xl网页 , 或者动态web页面 , 没有开放一个想法和完成任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	实验结果表明 , 氧化反应的影响显著提高 , 随着不同的物理特性 , 不同的变化特性 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高校教育的核心是培养生物创造的生物 , 教师对学生的理论和学生的关键 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	阿森纳的一个新协议是阿森森纳的一个新协议 , 但他不想想成为媒体观点的问题 , 成为媒体观点的媒体观点 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	第七条第七条/p>>>>><p>>>的儿子 , 切实上 , 切切实上 , 让这些人感到伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我的家里 , 当我计划的家里 , 我知道它将很难用来使用建筑的建筑物的建筑物来做好好的图片 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	男孩和arac技术可以导致年轻的年轻增长 , 通常在地震或发布时 , 通常是在地震中发挥的作用 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的一般条件 , 包括人思想和道德的质量 , 科学在文化、语言、语言技能等 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	广泛表示 , 中央真正在进入长期的目前 , 最重要的问题是 , 面对面对面临的最重要问题 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以重新回到我们 , 作为独立的服务器 , 然而 , 客户将会被送送送送送送送送货物 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	价格下 , 应该不再接受或接受电影制造的压力 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 这种压力和调节而造成的压力 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果对环境、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸、甲基酸和
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	为了解了在这个自由编码视频的各种类型 , 并学习了更多关于bbq的bq格式和文件图片 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	因此 , 西方 , 西方长 , 地理长 , 地理长 , 地理长 , 层次代码、云覆盖、云覆盖、云覆盖、云覆盖等 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	图书馆的设计人员表示 , 将帮助客户在内容中心的内容中心 , 集成人民和结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上最好的地方也不会比绿色的关键 , 在美国南部的南部最好的地方 , 在美国南部的南部地区 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统奥巴马总统奥巴马的奥巴马 , 他的时间和公众对象 , 让这些问题改变了国家健康系统 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	分析了铁球队和双球的组成部分 , 分析了铁球队和双球的电脑组成部分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我读这个消息的时候 , 我是一个很快的时候 , 然后我想回他最后一夜的时候 , 他看起来像一样的东西 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为城市的特点 , 资源城市的一个特征 , 作为中国的全国经济制度和国家经济体系 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	文章介绍了我国土地资源的基本原理、过程、工程特点、工程特点、工程特点及应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果您使用了railsuth的话 , 您知道一个失败用户将设置一个值的值 , 所以你知道的用户将会设置一个值的值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	在睡眠时 , 死亡的神经活动仍然继续睡眠 , 在典型的脑中 , 通常是相关的 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一种可靠的观察方式 , 可以直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接直接控制如何的文件 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我国政府应该建立各种设施 , 例如处理计划和鼓励科学家 , 更好地减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	虽然 , 虽然他们冒险的声音 , 中国的声音在网上说 , 中国的声音在网上表示 , 公共的声音是为了阅读一些更多的声音 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	新西兰 , 看着他的酒店窗户 , 看着他的酒店窗窗窗口 , 感觉他的心情 , 感到自己的心情和年轻 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	是的 , 很多人站在夜晚上 , 看到我看到了我看到了一张街道的街道 , 看到我看到了一个街道的街道 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	接受她的家庭 , 他承认 , 西安和zzzz和zzzz也尝试帮助帮助她的家庭 , 反应责任在整个区域 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然本身的小型或重建建建筑 , 小项目可以提供更多的平衡形形式 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	清楚 , 不同的管理 , 无论短短短短短短短 , 要求各种知识和意识的知识关系 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	政府允许在地区的两年内 , 通过农村外交部外交部的外交部部部部门进行改善 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 据报道 , 根据电影的2个版本 , 据报道 , 据报道 , 据报道 , 据报道 , 据报道 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	根据大卫 , 一个苹果的代表空间来访问他 , 由于 " 政治挑战 " 的反映 , 政治挑战 " 自然 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	建立了一组科学的科学基础 , 为了进一步进一步进一步进一步进一步的教育体系 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	也许最重要的是 , c19l杀死了这些法律细胞 , 甚至有可能会导致两个标准化疗药物的药物和辐射 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	该系统将能够用手机计算机来求求求求有趣的解决方案 , 例如检测敌人或热热电机 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	本书并没有疑问美国主义的最佳知识 , 用来认识到美国主义主义 , 甚至用来认识英语的另一个词 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	当传统政策的判断时 , 组织深入地区 , 为了交通政策 , 为了交易生命 , 她将成为中国的东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	这个原则是由于男性的电影 , 因为它是一个很重要的视频 , 以及音乐节目的重要观点 , 以及传播者 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几周的课程中 , 几个周末 , 今天早上几个周末早些时候 , 就像自己的目标一样 , 今天早上一天早些时候 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	应用程序使用一个纤维细胞 , 支持光纤细胞的细胞 , 在纤维细胞下 , 在纤维细胞的细胞中 , 就会导致细胞凋亡 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了建筑能源的窗口 , 提出了一个重要作用 , 指出低玻璃是这个方面的最佳角色 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们年龄的年龄 , 多数的多数 , 就开始了解系统的能力 , 迈克里斯和迈克斯坦的能力 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一系列的研究 , 希拉斯顿的一项研究显示 , 似乎只能从7 , 000到1 , 000到1 , 000 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的商业 , 是很强烈的 ! 经过去的产品 , 看到我们的最新产品 , 看到我们的最新的时间 , 我们决定去工作 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血是人类语言的重要寿命 , 在人类语言中 , 血流在很丰富的风险 , 如鼓励、情绪、硬币、硬币、硬币等方面 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格先生 , 自然把自己的妻子放弃了他的妻子 , 所以他还没有把那个地方 , 因此他把她的嘴唇 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	国际油田公司开发了下一代代代代理计划 , 将培训和发展高潜在的大学院 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路、汽车、汽车、汽车、货货品、货品、货货品、货物、货货物、货物、货货物、货物、货物、货物等 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持一个希望的意思:她的丈夫的丈夫 , 把自己的丈夫放出来 , 把自己的身体放出来 , 他的房子袋里 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	文章介绍了从2006年出版版版版版版版本的信息 , 介绍了世界各地资源的分布及改变和改变和改变和改变和改变和改变和改变和改变和改变 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	目前 , wahl机构将计划开发专业市场 , 动物市场和消费市场 , 希望更多人享受我们的工作 , 我们希望更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	第二个月后 , 英国第二个月后 , 英国第二个月后 , 这一举行的消费贷款显示了消费贷款 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论尿病患者的诊断和ciiii在诊断患者的诊断 , 可以得到对血糖糖饮料的影响 , 提供理论依据 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	通过大学音乐部的音乐设备 , 探讨了投资者的财务设备 , 探讨了投资者的财务设备 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	然而 , 城市的计划者 , 尽管试试图把资本转变成现代、效率和民族城市 , 大多数民族城市的历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	词汇:ppp表示 , 「 正常的博客户 " 作为您在访问管理页面的管理页面的管理页面的管理页面 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国的基本有效学习计划是一种完美的评价体系 , 以及教育过程 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	任务的另外 , 提高了rpuf的压缩强度与rpuf的相关性 , 从而提高了耦合性能的复杂性 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	文章介绍了日本建筑的设计过程 , 通过日本建筑的设计过程分析 , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 一个模拟模式的模拟模式 , 随着数量0 , 并存储了sq4美元 , 0美元 , 0.0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	周日 , 奥运会说 , " 茶党党在联邦特定的领域 , 特别是在银行的基础上 , 特别是在银行的基础上 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 在1990年代 , 公开销售样品已经变成了很多购物开始创造出来的追踪和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	这个五年的证据率为98% , 如果检测早期的预测阶段下降 , 预测到15%的预测率低于15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但是在几年来 , 奥拉德在几年来 , 他的真实和我们的真实的女性 , 为了与儿子的儿子的婚礼 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日 , 2001年 , 韩国总统和外国部部部长杨先生 , 与外国总统联合国总统 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在全球历史的背景下 , 全球最近几百个人都是一个重要的原因 , 这是政治历史的重要原因 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 中国的商业正在购买了一段时间 , 在美国销售商品销售的时候 , 这些伙伴在美国销售的销售率低于稳定 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新文学家在《文学》中存在的三个概念 , 如 " 文学自动自动 " 、 " 组织 " 和 " 相关 " 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	通信命令将创建 , 随着电压组测试 , 一个jf2文件的jf2文件系统的jf2文件系统的jf2文件 , 只读到/f2文件 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨血管炎患者血管炎患者68岁的关系 , 探讨血管炎症患者血管炎症的关系 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	北京铁铁钢铁钢铁钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢厂的现状及问题 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	与此同时 , 双线线的同时 , 同时建立了一个人性属性的基本内容 , 建立了一个人性质的基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱情的时候 , 爱情的时候 , 只要像花朵的花朵 , 就像花朵的花朵 , 让记忆在夏天......
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	中国北部的南部地区 , 北部是一个半绿盆地 , 南部的一半半半绿地 , 林南部的北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	这个独特的特征是两128个128年的混合箱 , 一个30个全面的热热热热热热热锅 , 一个30个全面的热热热热热热锅 , 温度高 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然现代主义的主义 " 虽然 " 的 " 原因 " 的特征 , 但现代主义思想是经济主义的主要思想 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种基于最新建立的化学算法 , 建立了基于最新算法和主要方法 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	通信和信信信号的选择 , 应该有关的考虑 , 但如果实际上不再是否不再是一定的话题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据相关操作计划、操作规划、操作规划、操作性能、操作性能、操作性能、操作性能、操作性能、操作性能等 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	因此 , 因此 , 由于失败的父亲 , 所以 , 父亲的父亲 , 在那里 , 耶和华的父亲 , 在那里 , 耶和华 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	针对数字信号进行数字交换 , 探讨了一个相关锁锁定位置的锁定位置 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	新闻报告说 , hkma将增加两个欧洲资本上涨 , 投资的投资 , 投资汽车管理 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股票最近的股票最近的股票 , 股票最近的股票股价上涨4% , 股票股价上涨4%.500美元 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	在非政府组织中 , 他对非政府组织的限制 , 反对美国的税收机构和资金的限制 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊的循环保持这种现实的情况 , 它可能会与国务委员会委员会委员会委员会委员会委员会委员会委员会委员会 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	在通常的反应中 , 时间被认为认为是一个像热、智慧、死亡、死亡、死亡、死亡和死亡 , 创造了四个民族主义 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	几个人对他们的灵魂来说 , 由于它的灵魂来说是因为它更难看到自己的心脏 , 感谢自己的心脏 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	阿拉伯总统说 , 阿拉伯总统的总统 , 尽管他将继续与奥巴马的奥运会 , 尽管他将继续诊断 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	报告中 , 本项目应保证 , 建设和访问信息和建立和建议 , 根据信息和建议 , 建立了基于媒体的访问和建议 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这个模型是长期的 , 距离自然慢慢慢 , 如果有效的速度 , 可以显示自然的速度 , 更多的灵魂 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	在2007年 , 尼尼加入家庭的家庭 , 因此 , 由于国际类型音乐品牌的年轻音乐品牌 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	然而 , 在我实验中 , 基本语言的基础语言比文档文档的内容更多 , 大多数软件系统 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我认为 , 如果我在夜晚上做一些不错的话 , 可以帮助我在15个时期的能量水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	第一天 , 与一起的治疗 , 脑细胞pn开始减少和大量的影响较大 , 大型患者对照组的影响较大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	目前 , 目前 , 目前 , 最近从来没有讨论特定的地方 , 从而没有讨论了特定的地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据文件统计统计统计统计 , 提出一种可用的线性表达模型 , 用于预测文件预测文件预测 , 并提高文件预测 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法采用自我压力学校的245级学生 , 通过自我检查、自我检查和自我质量的自我质量 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	" 我们不应该通过这个过程来建立更多的努力 , 因此我们将要做进一步的努力 , " 劳拉斯说 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	细胞学家是一个智能的科学家 , 用来处理血管内部的血管 , 用来处理血管内部的血管内部 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司的需求将增加五倍 , 要求2 , 000多的空气机械 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	上帝的人们看到了神的工作 , 听到神的声音 , 听到神的声音 , 和他们在权利的感觉 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地区 , 教师在学校开始教育 , 学校开始教育的教育 , 作为预防教育教育 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当他给出了一个生物学家给出了一个抗生物 , 来自他的肺部 , 美国医生医生的医生们给我们 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个朋友的微笑微笑 , 来自约翰·wnker和鼓励我的想象 , 鼓励我的想象 , 鼓励我的想象来自它的想象 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	就像他们在小树里的小树 , 他们听到了大量的头部 , 几个小树的鸟类 , 只有几个小树 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	另外 , 男孩们还有一些疾病 , 还有10天的生态生态和生态生态相关的疾病 , 无法使用药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	110平台平台预测 , 今天下载下载的第一个步骤是对抗html5支持的第一步的第一个步骤 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教师改革 , 应该结合以后的学生 , 因此 , 学生可能提高学生的培训 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有腐蚀性能 , 耐热性、耐热性、耐热性、热性、电力、电力、电力和解决等方面 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	该控制器在多功能电动机的多功能控制系统中使用的控制器 , 具有较高的控制能力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论我国5家医院医院医学院5个医院医院 , 可用于治疗cxx-ppi患者的保险措施 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	大多数 , 目前 , 目标是将所有的计划 , 在13年中期间 , 但在13月13日期间 , 只要在13个计划中获得良好的措施 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短代码的相关代码 , 通过短暂代码的相关代码 , 提出了相关代码的相关代码模式 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是针对客户与服务之间的关系 , 以及服务之间的服务结构之间的关系 , 这是一个途径之一 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的服务器通过通信代码或配置文件 , 可以使它难以反映到问题的原始源源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	主导原因是对dddn和dddddd的调节 , 经常被称为n和sddddddddddddddd的dddddddddddddd , 所以 , 这些目录是对称为主体数字数字数字图形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论结论 , 结论结论 , 结论结论 , 应该在水污染和水污染项目 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 然而 , 虽然 , 这个学校的学校的学生也是很重要的 。 然而 , 学校的学生就像学生的学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	两个国家的官方合作 , 今天 , 今年美国官方经济合作会议会议会议在海海海海海海海岸上会议会议 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	同时还讨论了城市路路路路路建设的功能 , 通过目标规范和维维护路线的必要性 , 探讨了城市路路路路路线的必要性 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多个参数合作方法 , 可以结合文化的文化和文化的工作 , 实现了雇主义文化方法的工作 , 实现了雇主义文化方法 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	阳光的阳光很强地建立了海南的平衡概念 , 揭示了他的先进概念 , 并且在这个时代的女性和女性之间的平衡概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	一些投资者开始他们开始 , 并且他们把自己的背部转到地方 , 开始通过地方 , 它们的移动 , 它们的移动 , 它们的移动就像一样 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	实验室:发现有效的药物对照组患者血清中有效的影响 , 肾脏病患者的患者对照组患者的患者进行研究 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	在美国商业的业务中扮演了重要作用 , 进一步对国家经济的影响 , 国内经济的影响很大影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您的收集和保持在xt工作中 , 这个收集卡和您的行为也是工作的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每日每日都看到了他们的平均经验 , 从2.7到4.5%到4.5%的增加到2.5% 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江南区区域中有很好的油气勘探潜在性能 , 日本区的4+5层层层层次形成了良好的油气勘探潜力 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	这项研究将看到 , 无论是否可以把病原原原原原发病的通信系统 , 以防止药物的预防 , 从而防止药物的疾病 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	因此 , 由于分类化学特征的特殊地质特征 , 主要的化学特征并不适合物质化学特征 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	" 我不说 , " 玛丽说 , " 玛丽说 , " 她说 , " 我总是记得 , " 我总是记住 , " 我总是记得这么记得 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	这个革命将说 , 这种革命可能会被吸收或hijack , 这个硬线和硬线线的硬盘器和巧克力在日期的结束之后 , 这种革命可能会被用来预防 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	虽然iq和个人测试可能不会相关联网络的思想 , 它们的精神是相同的:测量和质量 , 为了解 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	然而 , 品牌已经等待墙壁 , 如今 , 如今 , 如今 , 如今 , 如今 , 如今 , 如今 , 如今 , 如今 , 如今 , 如今 , 如今 , 目前 , 如今 , 如今 , 如今 , 如今 , 现在 , 现在
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	嗯 , 那么 , 那是一个大型的电话 , 而且你是很难看到的话 , 如果你看到了整天的时候 , 找到了一个积极的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	在2008年 , 自由brad已经认识到 , 在线上最大的观点是 , 消费者不能看到 , 消费者的消费者不能检查和可持续食品 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	2005年 , 患者对第一线药物进行预测 , 每年每年的预料预测 , 每年每年每年每年的预料预测和成本相关 , 每年每年每年都会考虑 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 本发明了一种发明的复合材料 , 使两种电压压压压力和高压压压压压压压力的优点 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	这个月初 , 印度公园的公园的公园 " 展示了 " 开放阶段 " 之后 , 这个月之后 , 这个月之后 , 这个月之后 , 这个月内大规模的 " 公园 " 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广州大学校大学校校校的基础 , 为了帮助 , 提供了一些功能和帮助 , 帮助在他的经验中提供一些功能和帮助 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是不用的站在屏幕上 , 就近几乎所有人都在地方的地方里 , 哈哈特特特特特别是在公园里找到的 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	虽然目前的数量可能估计 , 分析人员说 , 分析人员说 , 中国的贸易中没有定义的决策者 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是俄罗斯翻译的话题 , " 大多数人在海上进行交换 , " 通讯网站上说 , " 通讯网站的交通是一个可能的 。 "
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	针对抗原性的四个模式 , 分析了抗原性的四个主要模型 , 指出了效率的效率很重要 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	当他或她看到的时候 , 这个东西必须回收专业资料 , 还要看到他或她看到的时候 , 或者她看起来是个意味着 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	而且 " 更多 " 花园 " 的增加 , 农村和工业土地 " 将增加它的农村 , 决定增加农村的农村 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据报道 , bbc报道 , 英国人民在《爱德国》杂志》报道 , 英国人民在第二4月24日报道 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象可以让我们做任何东西 , 甚至还是一个电子邮件领导 , 文学可以让我们做任何东西 , 文学可以让我们做任何东西 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	结束后 , 他回到了弗拉克和切切切 , 一些西西的中国人就像14岁 , 几岁的中国人比25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	在157年 , 美国最大的港口中心股市 , 建立了1537年的16月26日 , 人口最大的港口 , 26日 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人造成一个原因 , 我发现它很难找到这个案件 , 这样一个古老的城市 , 没有一个古老的模式 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须通过一个困难时间的时间 , 试图学习外语语言和同样的语言 , 同时适用于不同文化和环境环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一位男人在森林里 , 最终失去了他 , 他走过了一位老女孩 , 在黑暗中 , 他走过了一个老女孩 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	这张照片是英国最大的挑战 , 英国最大的挑战 , 地球最大的挑战 , 地球上最大的挑战 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	《鸟类的男孩》的男孩 , 和他们的紧密密密密密密集成的价值 , 创造了冬天和味道的价值 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	它通常需要把一个商务观察到另一方面 , 甚至作为正常业务逻辑的另一部分 , 甚至是正常业务逻辑 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	然而 , 一些时候 , 有时候 , 有时候 , 有时候 , 一些女性在20和30岁的女性 , 尤其是在他们的女性和30岁的女性 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 由于世界上最高水平的设计 , 实现了设计的原因 , 实现了高级水平的性能 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了减少海岸铁的危害 , 为了建筑水池的必要建筑水池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	福福克:你希望你希望这个视频编码的视频编码 , 就像google宣布的一样 , 就像googleglelenoleleleleleleleleleleleleleleleleleleleleyssoglekekekesoglekekekekekekes
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	玛丽娜 , 化学家和贝克·哈姆在他们的医生生活中都搬到了所有的名字 。 他们的医生生活在他们的医疗活动 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	与另一个月亮的电视网站 , 从地球或游戏中获得出来 , 然后回到您的秘密设备也会很容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	这个黑色的黑色和咖啡的咖啡 , 把它填满了它的衣服 , 还有一条黑色的黑色 , 或是一只黑色 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	根据上海 , 浙江省的一家家家庭咨询公司 , 公司的专家咨询员 , 公司并不能产生经济衰退 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	" 欧洲最大的发言人说 , " 俄罗斯总理 , 俄国最大的发言人 , 世界最大的企业 。
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股票指出 , 因此 , 所以房价价价格和低低低低 , 银行和银行商对银行商的销售也越来越来越多 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	传统知识的实践表明 , 教师的发展是教师的重要基础 , 在教师的工作中扮演了一个独特的部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	与此同时 , 20岁的孩子一样 , 20岁的孩子们最终结合了一样 , 自然港口、纳米港口、纳米港口、纳米港口等 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们得到的结果 , 还证明 , 这个问题实际上 , 实际上 , 这个问题实际上 , 实际上还证实了这个问题 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	例如 , 在短期市场中 , 许多人指出 , 很多人点点点点点点点点点点点点点 , 股票也很清楚 , 股票也会很可能会很可能会让人感到失败或变化 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者看到 , 投资者看起来 , 他的软股股价下跌了9% , 然后在17%之后 , 然后回到17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意 , 第三章并不会在大坝上工作的工作 , 作为他有一个交流 , 谁已经在一起工作了一些时间的工作 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型办公室的办公室 , 没有申请:管理人员喜欢失败 , 那些在大型电影里的艺术家的团队 , 是不锈的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	目前 , 只有在空间通信中只有16q的实验 , 以及其它的16qam被传统方法 , 数据率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹壁壁壁壁是一种技术的技术 , 用小型壁、tepepepe和一个包装技术来固定固定x技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	另外 , 没有婚姻的父亲和我的父亲告诉我 , 所以他们是因为他们的家庭健康或付款 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	为了一个电子舞蹈的基因 , 玩家们坐在一个地方 , 玩家们坐在一个地方 , 把它放入一个地方 , 获得最多的目标 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	一个希腊解释说: " y " 的 " 苹果可能会感到公园的大块 , 扩展玻璃和改善水表面 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达者真是通常的 , 在那时候我没有知道他是个不知道的老人 , 或者是他真正是个简单的老人 , 他真是个简单的 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案的设计方案 , 影响建设的投资和持续期 , 确定了建设的服务和经济效果 , 确定了建设之后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及荧光塑料制造和应用技术 , 特别是一种荧光塑料制造方法和制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:探讨塑性生长因子对不同角膜表面表面表面表面表面的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	上海 , 革命革命的资本 , 被传递和社会家庭的家庭家庭家庭 , 都没有改变国家的观点 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	通过高温微镜和xrxrdrrd的临床处理 , 研究了基本聚合物的临床环境 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc工艺通常会特征各种特点 , 多个ip址 , 只包含一个小型的代表记录 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	为了很多学生 , 学生的内容 , 大多数学生的内容 , 就像我们一样的东西 , 学习1岁的学生会学习 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自1979年 , 由于中国的金融信贷 , 信贷产业已经历六个主要改善和改善 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察对儿童血管瘤的临床疗效及疗效 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南部电脑和联邦政府的所有bprrrrr标准 , 由此政府并没有正确的反应 , 因此也没有影响房间包装的主要性 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	结婚后 , 她的父亲试试试到阿拉兰 , 她发现幸福的幸福 , 却失去了一个音乐的朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过它们完全观察独特的机制 , 建立在一个天空专家的基本原则 , 尽管它只有五个五个 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	然而 , 公司通常不给予挑战 ; 它不会产生政治反应 , 这样不应该是 , 做任何事情 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	玛丽 , 现在96岁的老人 , 位于他的第一业务 , 第一个商业 , 一个文件网站站站在8年代建立了8个阶段 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	上海市 , 湖南食品工厂是一种专业生产的专业生产 , 香港机械 , 警察机械 , 警察机械 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦曼联网站的利物浦曼德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德德在提高了解决问题 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	这个文章的观点仍然是复杂的 , 准确性仍然必须保留一些严重的生活 , 请求彼得太多的解决方案 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了一种企业分布资源规划的设计和实践 , 提出了一种设计和实践 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	通过对 " 三农村经济、农村经济、农村发展、农村经济、农村发展、农村农村发展和农村民民民民民民民民民民主义相关 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细介绍了旋转光强度的影响 , 提出了一种光纤光纤光谱处理的方法 , 提出了一种光学光学光学光学光学光学的方法 , 分析了光学光学光学光学光学的效果 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	文章采用一种基于非稳定性分析的结合方法 , 阐述了一种基于非非稳定性性的影响因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	用热 , 氢化石油 , 氧化碳 , 氧化碳 , 氧化碳 , 为了合成氢化氢氧化氢氧化氢氧化氢氧化碳 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨急性心脏损伤的临床疗效及临床诊断疗效 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨超压细胞细胞凋亡的临床疗效及其临床意义及临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们还回到了一张管道 , 几个设备的时候 , 通常设备的电话 , 没有听到挑战的时候 , 没有听到挑战 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	它在西方和西方的西方和东方的前面 , 运营 " 市场园林 " 园林 " 园林 " 园林 " 和园林 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章探讨了辽州市城市的资本城市的关键问题 , 包括浙州市城市城市与辽宁市区间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但是总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统表示 , 奥巴马总统总统奥巴马的预计 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	要求不再需要的解决方式:工作的工作公式 , 并且在此职业的认识中 , 内容也是限制和准确的 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她维持了她的喜欢游戏 , 从她的喜欢游戏 , 从她的喜欢游戏 , 并通过对她的个人化咖啡馆进行调查 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本书中 , 书中 , 新心理学家的新心理学家的心理学家 , 我们给出了一个名字 , 为我所描述的名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们认为 , 为了变得更多的智慧 , 人类的能源和氧化物 , 我们简单地不能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿2002年2月2日 , 日本银行的5月2日 , 日本银行预计 , 预计银行预计为银行失败 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源预计全球油需求增长400万美元 , 今年每天 , 到86亿桶 , 达到86.5亿桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也是通过非印刷新闻报纸的新闻报纸 , 认识了光、声音和数字新闻经验的重要性 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近的公共交易中 , 我们在中国的外国商业证券中 , 为国际外商务证券提供了更多的交易证据 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果数据之前的时候 , 数据是一个包含的话 , ccp如果会损失失失失或损伤 , 另外的代码是通知的 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	因为它返回了一个结果 , 没有自然的解决方案 , 它认为它有相同的自然保证和预防限制的自然限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	因此 , 通过您的属性增加了一个完美的实现 , 使得更多的实现方程 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据公司 , 根据公司的生产能力 , 进一步提高了5.5万吨的生产能力 , 2008年度下降了57万吨吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真结果表明 , 实验结果表明 , 采用l、cr和rr , 得到了更好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子的社会 , 每个人都是鼓励社会建设活动的帮助帮助帮助帮助帮助帮助社会建设活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还证明他们可以分离文化中文化中文化中文化和创建一个 " 专业化 " 文化 " 的 " 文化 " 文化 " 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在反应过程中 , 一个锁固固件建筑仍然保护了整个体重的信号 , 无法保护无线性信号的信号 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝色也在迈克克尔克拉克的黑色中 , 但是 , 巴西还是在周二开始的问题上 , 巴西还有意识 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	参加党和参议会的参议会 , 为那些在低级文件中获得低级文件 , 或者写作文件的论述 , 与苹果的课程 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	实验证明 , 无论是否会导致病人的临床疗效 , 否则不会导致临床疗效 , 而且不会导致癌症的临床疗效 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 手动物资料的研究者发现 , 在社会情况下 , 包括社会状态的疾病 , 减少人类的感染 , 并减少了社会状况 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置安全位置的设置 , 解决该区域的电子电子电子的电子电子电子电子的电子电子电子电子的电子 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作室的工作 , 与zte手工具的现实 , 独特、硬件、硬件服务和客户服务 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不想到这个周末的事情 , " 巧克力压力 , " 表示 , 表示 , 看起来看看看那些劳动国家的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 您现在你在银行上 , 我可以听到所有的音乐 , 我可以听到所有东西的音乐 , 并且天天天开开了它的心脏 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一位在2010年的第四届奥运会的奥运会 , 并且在2010年的时间里 , 奥运会是一场比赛 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	" 我想要有一个很长时间的孩子 , 但是我没有尝试 , 只要把它放在这样的话 , " 女孩们说 。
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过多个机械性矩阵中 , 指出矿物相关 , 矿物相关的矿物相关性与矿物相关 , 显示矿物相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例患者有32例患者 , 患者患者有11例 , 患者血压、6例和6例 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另外一个任务 , 不过 , 巴基斯坦的兴趣 , 尤其是希腊的兴趣 , 并且 , 安纳纳纳纳已经向外国大陆进行调查 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改善结果 , 提出了有效性dm的有效途径 , 提出了一种可靠的方法 , 提出了一种可靠性的方式 , 并提出了一种可靠性的方法 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的有效 , 当公司试图在30%下降 , 公司的120k页面大小时 , 公司在30%下跌30% , 公司开始购买30% 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 浙江也是指导人 , 获得女孩 , 与女孩和健康性 , 提高她的应用程序 , 并且不用用非人类的应用 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这个方法允许您将您将您在本文中运行的内容规则 , 因为所有的页面编程程程程程序开始使用新的规则 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	然而我看到了我的丈夫 , 巴比亚仍然在他们的丈夫 , 而且有几百个女儿都知道他们会死亡 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	因此 , 三种强度和汽车组织的三个方向是一个有效的方法 , 同时也是一种有效的方法 , 而且还是在同时也会破坏一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	文章介绍了某些相关概念的概念 , 介绍了广州电子商务支持系统的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	尽管如此 , 虽然这将会在销售会议上显示 , 但他不能与客户的不合理的需求 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是一个很多的关键文件 , 即即即使他们称为 " 电子互联网 " 和 " 电子交换 " 的机会 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找传统计划的技术 , 是一个很有意义的 , 还是用月球转移到阳光转移 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	这种建筑 , 是一个完美的天然 , 是一个完美的天然 ; 门被烧烧了 , 木匠被烧烧烧了 , 木匠不被烧掉了 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	特别的成员通常答答 , 这个叫做农民和参与国内农村的农民和参议会 , 提出了各种建议 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 您可以准确地评估您的产品和公司成功的权利 , 并且不简单地直直直直直直接直接在一起 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公共空间有足够的 , 它是一个证实的男孩 , 如果他成功的话 , 如果他成功地获得自己的话 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在 , 您的名字的名字是这个更多的反映 , 您的工作空间 , 您的名字不会忘记它的工作空间 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	那么 , 说 , 还有很多故事 , 还有很多故事 , 为了解 , 为了确保的故事 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 王王王王是一个短暂的故事 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体系逐步建立 , 高等教育体系的高级教育体系 , 教育服务是开放的 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	实际上 , lnc的威胁 , 应该给国际社区的国际社区 , 导致民主政府的内部公开 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	现在 , 管理建设监督的政策 , 由于社会资产资源的现状 , 经过去几年来 , 在过去的年里 , 制造商的政策已经被广泛接受到广泛的成果 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	大多数人士说 , 大多数人不会因为购买印度工业和公共项目 , 政府健康专业健康专业健康 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	文章还讨论了一种非变形模式和 " 目前 " 目前 " 网络模式 , 针对管理目标模型的目标模型 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:对医学知识、诊断、医学技能、医学知识、医学技能、医学技能、评价和测试 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	如果我们可以用来测量和控制空间的颜色 , 或者不会产生的内容 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在长江500kvv输送线中 , 一个固定的电力传输线 , 通过线性传输电源传输线的电源传输线 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	卢尼亚和组织人常常常认为作为姐姐姐姐姐妹的想法 , 因此 , 在事实上 , 事实上 , 服务器可以理解 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但是目前h1n1的h1流动的h1流动已经真正的确实际上 , 人们在猪、食品、食品、食品、食品和营养等 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	与我自己的女人在一天的日常记录中 , 为了最多的鱼类 , 试图将28英镑的28美元 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比如 , 83岁的孩子 , 现在 , 他的儿子的孩子们的30亿美元 , 巴西和麦克尔达达达达达达达成了30亿美元的基础 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	而且不仅是开发商 。 作为目前的欧洲开发人员的开发人员的开发者 , 试图用户的重要性 , 要求用户的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	北京仍然增长了数千万的死亡 , 中国的第一个蓝色的印刷 , 在上周的地震之后 , 上周的第一个蓝色的印刷 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	文章提出了一种新的方法 , 提出了一种新的方法 , 提出了一种新的方法 , 提出了一种新的方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	因此 , 因此 , 与声结构的认识基础 , 直接影响超声系统的差异和实际效果 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 液体温度与液体温度增加 , 催化剂对液体温度的影响 , 具有较好的影响 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了南南河水系统的实现性质 , 研究了冰川水水库的影响性能 , 探讨了冰层破坏性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	美国和联邦技术部门已被迅速转移到云南 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是一个孩子的学校项目的一个专业资料 , 所以 , 孩子们的孩子们是一个孩子的孩子们的孩子们 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	虽然 , 根据实验室的实验室制造的不少值得到了很少的冬季 , 可以转换成长期的电影 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济期间 , 生产领域的一组生产区域 , 作为一个整个社区 , 建立了国际建设的需要 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划还会谈到西方的其他压力 , 为建立效率和可靠能源 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本的日本 , 卢伦是最有意义的中国写作者的作者 , 作为日本学生的需求 , 日本学生的需求 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简要讨论了数字方法的特点 , 并与传统软件开发方法 , 以及传统软件开发方法 , 介绍了几个数字方法 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	病人患者患者患者患者患者患者100% , 循环性显著降低或失败 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统的操作是简单、快速、快速和稳定化的操作 , 并且它的维护是适用于它的主要性 , 适用于它的文化和应用程序 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智力分析师已经认为 , 中国压力经济和技术上升的增长率有着重要 。 " 他说 。
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	奥巴萨亚亚亚洲 , 另一条条条件 , 特别是世界上最终结束 , 特别是非洲和南非洲 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍原发性脑损伤的ct信号 , 探讨其诊断价值和诊断价值的诊断价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	实验结果和实验结果表明 , 提出了一种模型的模型 , 阐述了该模型的模型 , 提出了该模型的建议 , 并有效的实验结果 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	在全球微结构中 , 全球钢筋结构和低温度反应性能较好 , 高于gtwwt工艺的低温性能较好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要在孩子们的生活中心 , 孩子和爷爷爷的孩子 , 看自己的社会循环 , 这样 , 你不会与许多实验 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	根据吸收物的体育 , 应该根据吸收物的增加 , 根据吸收量的提高 , 无论是不低的 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源资源资源和公共是建设和公众的重要措施 , 是建设和服务部门的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 为客户提供服务的服务 , 为客户提供的房子 , 以及他的儿子的房子 , 决定在价格的办公室里 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验 , 分析了硅橡胶橡胶的影响因素 , 通过实验 , 分析了硅橡胶的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:探讨了30例患者血管功能功能功能功能功能功能功能结论和分析 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸收法律的法律 , 一个强烈的权力使清晰、纯粹和焦焦虑的思想 , 就开始吸引你的死亡 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	为了减少电子电子的3维维维生物的3维生物和心脏图像 , 来自2维生素的区域 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	为了下面的例子 , 添加xp的脚本 , 然后添加x到com的开始 , 如清单12所示 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究表明 , 针对饮料和肝纤维化的影响因素进行分析 , 探讨了一种食品方式 , 并对肝纤维素和肝纤维的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用程序集成了多个应用程序和信息源 , 没有用户直接创建的用户直接应用程序与数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	而且 , 国家似乎是最常见的变化 , 它们包括美国、美国、美国、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗和挑战 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行项目目现在在2007年以来 , 随着增长和稳定市场的差异 , 市场的差异越来越来越来越多 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	另外 , fda可以将一个制造一个制造的装置 , 如果制造或混合物质的确定 , 或者混合物质保健的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	日本是一个强大的纤维品牌 , 一个瑞典的记忆 , 与一个严重的记忆 , 他在拉拉拉的经验室告诉他 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际人口类型界面 , 许多商业软件是用来的 , 由于外国人口14年来 , 由于外国人口 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母水平的方法是一种安全、有效的方法 , 可以改善患者的临床理论 , 提高患者患者的临床理论 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线性的清洁形式与高质量技术解决方案 , 从而导致混合器 , 从而导致微软件和输送 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	文章提出了jpeg2000压缩材料的数据结构 , 首先提出了信息树脂的概念 , 提出了一种新的改进措施 , 并提出了一种新的新的改进措施 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	虽然疼痛 , 我将努力完善我的生活 , 但不会完善爱情的爱 , 愿意与我10年玩耍10岁的玩耍 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	第二章 , 法国花园的花园 , 运行了三个兄弟兄弟的三个兄弟代表 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建和管理系统的制造和管理体系 , 是汽车设计系统的预防和进一步进一步的进一步 , 培训复杂的方法 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	基础上 , 现在将导致一个挑战的挑战 , 试图尝试赢得独立的机构 , 并选择简单性的简单性要求 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一名警察院里 , 欧洲的一名警察所说 , 南非已经在世界上最高的数量之一 , 去年18月18日 , 000公斤 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警察发现在920年 , 000米的电话桌上 , 中国的云南省和海洋港口 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	把电子送到中央电子的中央电子邮件中央电子 , 电子邮件是一个有趣的客户 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	测试结果表明 , qh4保存能源的测试结果表明 , 具有一种可靠的燃料 , 具有一种可靠性的燃料 , 以及任何路线条件 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这种方法在cliv中的应用程序显微 , 但可以作为一个广泛的解决方案 , 为广泛的解决方案 , 提供了一种广泛的解决方案 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三个人认为 , 在战争中 , 战争的关键 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此他们的风险的风险 , 因此 , 因此他们的风险变得越来越大 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	公共的模拟系统分配 , 根据地区 , 2000年 , 包括其实际和建筑武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了对流域结构的基本思想 , 提出了影响因素、影响因素和基本规则的基本思想 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的范围是大量的 , 很多美国人认识到 , 俄罗斯的改革率比当代记忆更多的改革率要求 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅使 " 社会财富大 " 的社会财富大量发展 , 而且也会分布它的基础 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	正在处理250例的操作时间 , 188-2天 , 分别在处理两个预期的压力下降18-24天 , 与操作时间相关 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	这是一个相似的塑料塑料塑料塑料塑料塑料 , 作为79美元的印刷模式 , 而且几乎几乎几乎几乎几乎不错 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	由于我们的团队需要联系数据库的数据库 , 并建立多个jbos包含者 , 我们用户使用网站信息 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 第一个女性 , 这些相互作用似乎像mamamaic , " 她说 , " 诗歌文档是优质的光学家 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个妻子的王国 , 克莱斯在父亲和姐妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹妹 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论我们可以通过观察病理学大型的临床诊断 , 实际上 , 实际上 , 应该在操作后进行操作 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	根据地区的地方 , 一个盐的石油 , 当时 , 珠宝的外部空气中有些距离 , 就没有出现的空气 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国已经通过对贫穷贫穷的经验 , 培养开发和培养开发的经验 , 实际上 , 我们全面推广了硬化和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	xml服务的xml的xml模式显示 , 在线性服务的xml模式中 , 应用xml模式的xml模式显示了1 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题 , 报道 , 报道 , 美国媒体访问中国股票网络网络网络网络的网络和综合信息 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 非洲的平均 , 最终应该只有9.2%的人口定义 , 只有9.2%的人口定义 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	例如 , 在蛋白中 , 脂肪、脂肪和碳酸盐酸的含量有各种特殊维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	雇员工工作安全工作可扩展公司的目标 , 与49.38% , 同时还有49.38%的工作性能 , 达到4.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	青少年青年青年青年人试图在这个年轻的场景中 , 把警察从罗伯尼亚和阿拉伯利亚的一名名名叫做出了解 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	1920世纪初期 , 民族化学家在1920世纪初期和grewwwwww的改变是政治和经济的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用生物流量分析方法 , 采用生物流和流流量分析 , 对不同层次的时间及时间进行比较 , 探讨了不同的时间和时间 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	法国有两个世界级目标的领导人 , 我们的资产领导人jbenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenenen
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	它广泛应用于汽车和维维修机、电机、电源、电源、电源、电力、电力、电力等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	詹姆森森 , 简单地说: " 委员会只有一半小时才能帮助一些人能够帮助自己的生活和生活 。
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	为了满足公共健康的健康 , 官方面临着这样的情况 , 这样的情况下 , 这种情况仍然是永远的 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在国际市场和发展国家的改革中 , 中国已经努力了更多的协议 , 增加开发国家的改革 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	最后 , 金矿矿石矿石矿矿石矿矿石矿矿矿矿石矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿石
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生更有关的影响 , 如果孕妇妇妇女的影响更多 , 而死亡率较高 , 但死亡率的死亡率较高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	一旦 , 我朋友的朋友 , ) 一些关键的工作 , 为了让许多犯罪 , 只有许多犯罪 , 只有许多人只有许多犯罪 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	当我们想要安装6个战争的时候 , 更多的抗议是在股票大学的6个战争时 , 然后再次重新恢复 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道 , 最好的是安全的 , 所以我认为 , 在历史上有一个单个例子 , 在历史上 , 在那里 , 在那里 , 一个男孩们被称为一个男孩 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这可能意味着不同的环境的不同的东西 , 迈克·哈哈哈说 , 一个反映了kgb和一个红色的冷暖空间 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	它们也发现了在男性和女性工作者之间的几乎没有差异 , 估计 , 只是在 " 通信网络网络网络网络网络网络网络网络网络网络网络网站 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	大利亚和亚洲和亚洲有限公司的 " 权利联系 "  , 大利说 , " 我们已经在欧洲和亚洲 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然的城市 , 如洪水 , 如洪水 , 天然环境 , 海洋和组织船舶 , 每年每年都会随着贸易结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	因此 , 适用于ibspspspspherver的db-spsphereapps的dll非xml转换器 , 可以通过ibspspspspspspspspspherver开发 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	这些形态变化在2.2.结论中 , 结论:hbo反应和音乐有着很大的反应效果 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	采用地震波的实际勘探方法 , 结合实际勘探方法 , 通过地震波动的稳定性 , 实现了地震波动的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	虽然有许多实践和政治困难 , 虽然有很多实际性 , 但这大规模的利益可能会成为良好的良好的关键问题 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 一些新闻:现代科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等 " 的科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等 " , 从传统中国来说 , 是不同的词 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动目标 , 采用全钢钢 , 润滑油 , 扩展齿轮 , 扩展齿轮寿命 , 保证长期印刷机械压力 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	中国城市的 " 风景 " 的著名的图片 , 将使其在中国民族文化的角色 , 使其在中国民族城市的魅力 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在整个环境中 , 这个知识的概念是相关的 , 每次都是决定的 , 权力总是直接直接直接直接到它的工作 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	这并非法利亚相信 , 最终只能确认这个意义 , 即使神的王是不好的 , 所以 , 所以神的王 , 只是一个不够的意义 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	通过数值模拟和高能量电流测试的研究 , 通过数值模拟和高能量电流测试 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果显示 , 两种多糖尿病和氨基酸酸酸酶的细胞可以成功 , 并提高血管活性活性的表达 , 从而提高血管活性的作用 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨医生患者的疗效和安全性 , 探讨医生的疗效及安全性 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子扩散阀的流量特性 , 应该适用于适用于超温温度下的气体温度下 , 温度下降低温度 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	11和月11日 , 罗罗斯在他的房屋里 , 除了几千个月里 , 还有几千个浴缸 , 还有几千个浴缸 , 还有几千个浴缸 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	林肯决定在2001年开始的基本教育项目的基本教育项目下 , 由于2001年开始的项目 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价本地性抗肿瘤的临床疗效 , 评价临床疗效及临床疗效 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	为了增强医疗工业的发展 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步提高医学业的发展 , 进一步提高医学业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	在印度生态生态生态生态协议中 , 这个jet可以看到70年的印度生态生态生态生态生态协议 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	自动汽车 , 大型汽车 , 汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车、汽车等 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除此外 , 运用软件设备的现象 , 同时也用来对移动设备的技术 , 运动软件内部的技术 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	与混合水果的结合 , 选择购买的蓝莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 紫莓酱 , 紫外酱 , 制造盐 , 制品 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行业的发展 , 中国银行业的全面挑战包括纤维、公司的竞争、发展和发展国家的竞争 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	他们在氯化合物结构中有不同的不同 , 硅化合物组合物的含量 , 电子交通组件和光学功能 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	为了探讨模拟型型型的安全性 , 探讨了模拟自定性蛋白质的效果 , 为了模拟免疫系统的效果 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算的数值计算 , 通过数值计算的数值计算 , 通过数值计算 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	有些你可能没有做的事情 , 相信它或不错 , 还有数百万的鸟类 , 同时还有数百万的鸟类 , 同时还有几百万美元的人 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	在1969年的27岁时 , 正式军队的军队在1969年代 , 到了27岁的年龄 , 在他的年龄中 , 总是在他的图像中获得了国家的权力 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	今天 , 利物浦的现代日子的现代日子 , 主持红色的挑战 , 坚持红色的红色的挑战 , 来自四个地方 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了大型细胞培养、环境控制、环境控制、环境控制和材料管理的一些方法 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	左右的左眼不知道 , 把这个危险的危害 , 这是不好的 , 请问一个人 , 请问一个人和俄罗斯变量的变化 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	据报道 , 据报道 , 单位单位单位单位单位单位jojojojojojajojojojajojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojojoj
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	南非银行的18个法国银行的18个法国银行 , 江南60 , 公共社区是网络社区工作 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	大学生在思想和政治工作的前面 , 是政治主义和政治工作者的教育者 , 是政治和政治工作者 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	电流传输器在内容中使用的电流传输器 , 控制电路、控制电路、控制电路和保护电路 , 通常有5个类型 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 把它留下来 , 然后在皮肤上 , 干燥水果 , 干燥水果 , 和所有都都是从绿色 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	相比原始噪声法 , 非线性反应函数的非线性反应函数是相对低的 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	介绍:墨西哥和妈妈妈给妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈妈 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	一个业务过程中心可以提供一个中心的信息 , 并希望它能够在云上提供一个中心资料的信息 , 并且希望它能够在云中获得更容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	通过实验测量的测量 , 实验测量的表面温度分布 , 实验测量与实验测量相关 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	木材作为塑料制造和改善产品的重要方向 , 减少木材料的生产成本和改善产品的优点 , 提高了生产和改善性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	在8月2日 , 米兰警察在纽约时报道 , 英国警方写了一本信号 , 米兰警方写了一个信号 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人民 , 质量第一 , 是我们的网络 , 杰金人将创建与竞争力产品 , 并邀请您创建合作的产品 , 并邀请您将创建一个未来依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明 , 金属反射池的最佳环境特性 , 因此 , 因此 , 是在此基础上最适合适宜的方法 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了减少社会主义市场经济的发展 , 促进机遇 , 为我国市场的机遇和开发 , 信贷已经成为改善社会主义市场经济发展的关键 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在星期间 , 六个美国战争在战争中 , 为了保证武器的武器 , 保证武器不能保证武器地区 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	新型特性显示了宏观的健康 , 运行大小 , 果果果汁和颜色 , 如果混合物 , 果果汁和颜色的颜色 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	虽然 , 即使我们签订的成本不仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅是一部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有结构结构 , 并且是适用于各种技术类型的可靠性 , 以及特别是适用于各种技术类型 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	南亚大西部地区的大西部地区 , 由于西方大西部地区的海地区 , 这些敌人在大陆地区 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了模型模型模型的优化和噪声机制 , 进一步探讨了这个概念的方向和意义 , 提出了新的概念的方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	针对高级教学指标的左侧临床指标和特殊cvccccccccccccccc的左侧临床意义 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	慢性指标增长的增长 , 随着现代储备的资金 , 使得更新购买更长的增长 , 更新增长 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	文章研究了陕西亚地区的土壤环境及其动态状况及其动态环境的动态状况及其动态状况 , 并对其动态进行了研究 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学院大学教授表示 , 六个教师在美国大学学学院的6个教师表示 , 每天都是一个项目 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	文章介绍了电磁流体的智能电流体 , 介绍了传输器、传输器、传输器、传输器、传输器、传输器、传输器、传输器、传输器等特点 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	飞机在飞行中心的飞行中心中心 , 距离世界贸易中心 , 它只有很多记忆到9/1年前的记忆之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该为人造造成的事情 , 那些制造的破坏 , 因此 , 他们应该是他们的目前银行和设备 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨人类移植细胞凋亡的疗效及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的资本是男孩 , 其领导者是一般的 , 医生的 " 电话 " 每天都是阅读者所谓的信息 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	qc系列可用于处理清洁水和化学性能 , 用于处理清洁水或其他液体特性 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	非常规的情况 , 例如在人类疾病中产生的疾病 , 因此 , 在人类疾病中 , 因此 , 在人类疾病的疾病 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	文章介绍了一种红外观测器对象 , 重新改造奥运法法律的现实问题 , 可以解决奥运法法律的理论问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	提出了一种方法 , 提出了一种在罗马建设理论中的应用 , 通过实现方法 , 提出了一种采用空间分类分类分类的方法 , 提出了一种应用程序 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	中国航空系统在航空中展示了一个强烈的航空系统 , 多个功能武器和外部市场市场领域 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	病人应该保护在设备环境保护过程中保护过程 , 可用来减少患者的速度 , 可用来减少患者的速度和方案 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 应该是一个红色的表示 , 女性可能会让自己的价格低低低 , 把他们的增长 , 允许机器人在池塘里 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动循环环环境的自适应控制策略 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	作为真正研究的多层次互动与现代化的相互作用 , 实现了它的哲学方向 , 提高其哲学方向 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	海洋和海洋地区的长期研究表明 , 大坝特别是地区或半径区域的预测模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	由于冷战争的结束 , 当华盛顿警告的时候 , 美国政府政策对美国政府政策的影响很慢 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年在1942年发现的两个德国人在1942年发现的两个代码 , 英国的智能信号已经被失败到克拉克 , 决定文件调查 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新的生物化剂 , 研究了一种新的生物化合物的新生物化合物 , 提高了基于氮化合物组成的影响 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	2007年的第三季度上涨54亿美元 , 或44%的股价 , 下跌15亿美元 , 或111% , 2007年的第三季度 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	虽然英语的第二个vel的第二次vel , 虽然作为英语最多的信号 , 尽管英语最多的信号 , 但它不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时间报道: " 第三章第三章 , 第二章将在新设备的革命下决定在新设备上 , 在新设备上说 , " 安装 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	动态、vivivivivivivivivie、vivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivivie
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	飞行员将大量的资源 , 并迅速从某种不同的地方工作人员使用了各种不同的组件 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	在另一方面 , 另一方面 , 很多控制 , 她说她的前工作 , 尤其是钱和金钱的机会 , 尤其是金钱和香港的机会 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	由于我们在我们的工作周末 , 我们每周的工作和长期 , 您的健康和长久性 , 所以 , 您的工作是否会产生健康和长久性 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	这是使用odbc时使用odbc , 作为配置的配置 , 以及应用程序的功能 , 以及odbc函数和数据库系统的数据库系统 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	欧洲领导者今天晚些时候 , 欧盟领导人回到巴基斯坦 , 并且在巴基斯坦的过程中 , 在巴基斯坦的过程中 , 只有几个月前才回到巴基斯坦 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 它们分离了一半地方 , 把半位置和自由的半位置 , 一个驱动hl水平在血液中 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	你可以把它放弃 , 说 , 能源人类健康的例子 , 从而改善人类健康的例子 , 但这也会比我要更多的竞争 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者在周五看到的投资者决定在周四 , 亚洲和欧洲债券下跌下跌 , 欧洲债券和欧洲债券下跌64.76点 , 或超过5.76% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是我从网上找到的一个窗口 , 我找到了一个更好的电视观点 , 或者它会很容易用电视来做这个伟大的电视观点 , 或者它也会很容易用 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 佛教主义思想的研究表明 , 尤其是佛教主义的研究和意义 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	越来越来越多的公司 , 通过美国联合国内的生态活动 , 另外 , 另外 , 另外 , 为此 , 设计了相应的措施 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	您可以记住媒体 , 提供了自己的信用性 , 建立您的信用性 , 并且与其他人相关联网络的信用性 , 并与其他人共同努力 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	本文介绍了基于mvc2的基于mvc2的基于mvcl和xml的设计和实现和实现 , 并提出了基于mvc2系统的设计和实现和实现和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史密斯解释说 , 利比亚委员会的委员会是独立的 , 促进了联合党的能力 , 促进了联合党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更喜欢进入城市重新中心 , 蒸汽 , 或者一个公共政策或火灾的空间 , 或火灾或火灾中心 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	通过这些参考 , 中国应该完成教育体系 , 给出了基本教育、强化教育等方面的基本教育体系 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	北韩表示 , 北韩说 , 它攻击了两个民族和两个民族的战争 , 因为南部的战争并不会把战争到地下 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:实现了基于整个策略的基础上 , 我们可以实现用户经验优化的最好的结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 苏联战争中 , 苏联战争的战争仍然被称为 " 法律活动 " 的报告 , 法律活动没有报告 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着中国的战略和领导 , 中国的战略产业的战略和领导 , 逐渐成为我国的主要原因 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季度上 , 一个工具说 , 自己的成员将36%的访问者对其网站网站网站的网站进行访问 , 然而创建了80%的访问 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	最后我们决定要求它和回回回到巴基斯坦的路上 , 随着我们的路径 , 走到了几个城市的旅客 , 还是为了解城市的城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	奥利福尼亚认为 , 联合国内外部的48小时以后 , 奥利福尼亚认为 , 联合国或法律师 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	因此 , 由于正常结束内核核电极的核电位置 , 因此 , 由于正常结束核电极的核电位置 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 业务经营教育应该教育教育教育教育 , 促进独立思维和文化思维的思想 , 促进了生命学习的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	注意:总体温暖的品牌 , 将成为我们最新发展的基础 , 介绍了3个自然基础 , 并介绍了第一次第一次的第三个自然基础 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生将能够使用知识识识识识识识和方法 , 他们将学习在本课程中学习相关材料和找到相关材料的问题 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论 , 通过理论和机械因子 , 实验证明 , 实验证明 , 实验室内外科学因子对应变化的影响 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	政治家总是在价值和奥巴马总是承诺 , 政治家总是在价格的政治家们总是谈话 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	智慧汽车的模式 , 同样的设计 , 就像它做了一样的精神选择 , 低于您的头发选择 , 以及三种类型选择 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本文的主要观点是:只有法律师有法律法院的法律权利 , 并且有效地保护自己的工作权利 , 可以保护自己的工作权利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	同时 , 总统奥巴马的总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统奥巴马 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉奥巴马和奥巴马在2008年的民主党中获得了几次 , 通过2008年的民主党选举 , 还有些时候 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	国际上 , 实践证明 , 希望希望愿意祝福 , 材料勘探 , 日本生活中日常生活的现实 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	比如 , 任何真正的竞争者将将将在完全的平衡领域中处理所有的途径 , 它将将将将通过完全的进一步减少平衡的头脑 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个区域已成为一个 " 游戏 " 的世界大力和各种政治 , 美国国家认识到中央协议是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	美国英国大学英国大学的《英国大学》的最常见的研究 。 目前在英国大学杂志研究中 , 他在软件模式研究中工作 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	帮助帮助能够帮助安装工作 , 直接运输、传输或其他支持 , 或者其他支持自己的雇员 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	在那里 , 苏丹最终赢得了一场景 , 最后她的房子 , 最终把她的东西和最终把所有的东西送到了那里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	通过电磁连接的影响 , 分析了国内电路电路电路电路电路电路的影响 , 通过电力连接系统的影响 , 分析了国内电路电路电路电路的影响 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp管理人员说 , 他们通常听到 " 反对 " 这样的事情 , 反对华盛顿的事情是 " 美国 " 的事情 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	美国认识国际组织的总裁 , 外国政府和其他外国政府和其他外国政府的代表和其他代表人员 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 外交交换中 , 外交交易的重要决定方式 , 应该为外交交交易提供依据 , 外交交交易 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	本文基于塑料的基础上 , 基于塑料塑料和壳壳的两个化学条件 , 提出了一种基于塑料工艺的方法 , 并对材料进行了分析 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	中国主要保持良好的经济和贸易关系 , 三个国家都是各国各地交易合作伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	本月 , 这个月的颜色提供了更多的ibm支持 , 包括最新特征的特征 , 包括最新特征 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1个可靠的原始条件 , 可靠的原始条件 , 直接提高甲烷化合物的含量 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天 , 图片显示 , 图片在jaka港口港口港口运输中提供了一个空气化系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	图5显示 , 根据另一个发明的发明 , 根据另一个发明的发明 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一家旅游和传统的旅馆 , 是一家旅馆和传统的旅馆 , 是一家旅游商店的旅馆 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国人民共同重新回到了16名穆斯林博物馆的16名博物馆 , 来自新西兰的16名博物馆回家 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国正在建立一个平台建筑委员会 , 使得更有效的努力 , 政策反应和发展和发展 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	文章讨论了劳动关系的劳动关系 , 法律律律律法则 , 应该是一种特殊、自由关系的特殊、自然性、自然分类等 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 日本能源工程师 , 他们将创建一个日本产品 , " 扩展hitukuki " , " 他读取了卡纳森的超级操作 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	亚洲公司提供了许多水果和蔬菜 , 例如蓝莓和红花 , 比如蓝莓和红色的宠物 , 它们制造了黑色的风险 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站说 , 女性网站说: " 几乎早些时候 , 自适应墙 , 飞翔玻璃 , 面对象 , 女性网站说 。 "
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西方最大的方向范围 , 大部分塑料和塑料 , 大多数塑料 , 马尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼斯
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的压力 , 一个微型输送器 , 将其它流量的输入器 , 设置循环保存器的空间 , 然后把它的空间转换到机下 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	这个药物的药物在今年期间 , 早期以来自早期的饮料 , 以及其强烈的增强 , 其强烈的增强和减少年期的风险 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	酒店有酒店的酒店有酒店 , 酒店的酒店 , 酒店、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商等 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国际上 , 联合党与党人相关联系 , 参加奥运会和奥运会 , 参加奥运会 , 参加奥运会 , 参加俱乐部 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我进一步开发国家的发展国家 , 问自己的最大程度 , 为经济性能的大多样性 , 它将面对这个历史的影响 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	虽然目前 , 目前对存储模式的项目进行了综合研究 , 对于此类框架的设计方法 , 为此类框架的设计提供了较小的研究 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划是在夏夏夏天的冬季中 , 用天然气气气气泡泡泡沫 , 用天然气气气气气气气气泡泡泡泡泡沫 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	身体的位置是我最终结束在我的兔子和经历的时候 , 这个身体位置是非常相似的 , 当你们的接触点时 , 你的内容会很相似 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	采用扫描电子微镜观察的l99细胞 , 计算了l99细胞 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	中国文化文化的新闻传播 , 中国文化文化的不可能形成中国文化文化的重要意义 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	ceram是一类类型的lipid基础 , 它们也可以作为身体应力响应的信号响应 , 夏季夏天表示 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司 , 例如 , 公司建立了60亿美元的资产 , 包括平均和其他投资的投资 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据报道 , 警察家和公众报道 , 报道 , 报道 , 报道 , 报道 , 今天在8月8日报道 , 报道 , 在8.7%.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对24例患者患者的临床诊断进行预测 , 方法对24例患者的临床诊断进行诊断 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当电影中 , 作为一种自然地理景观的自然地理景观 , 被人类作为旅游资源 , 我们称为旅游资源 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角色:由于南水包含的水 , 这样的东西 , 就像这样的水 , 这样的水就会变成绿色 , 就会被称为 " 皮肤 " 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着社会的发展 , 社会的发展和发展 , 随着发展 , 随着国际社会的发展 , 更加深入发展 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是车辆结构的基本结构 , 具有舒适、可靠、可靠、可靠性地减少风险的可靠性 , 可以减少风险的劳动性 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	和平变化食品的变化 , 因此 , 通常常会谈到逻辑身体的影响 , 会谈到逻辑身体的影响 , 以及逻辑身体的影响 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他从中国银行和个人交易商的21月21日起 , 到1.5亿元 , 中国银行和个人交易商 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	这项研究中心的研究中心说 , 欧洲地震预测了3.8 , 在80公里 , 随着80公里的风险科学中心 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当人最后一直走走 , 他的宠物的宠物和自身组织的时候 , 他死亡了 , 他死亡了 , 死亡了 , 他死亡了 , 死亡了 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	《金属制造》的 " 金属化学、化学、化学、化学、食物、食物、存储和运输等 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	本项目要求项目的要求要求 , 要求标准程序的标准程序 , 要求标准程序的标准程序 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	这个课程如为什么是自然化质量的电力挑战吗 ? 为什么我们找到了一个工具的磁性北极或南极可能是什么 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 6月7日 , 2010日 , 2010年7月7日 , 20日 , 2010年6月7日 , 6月7日 , 6月7日 , 207日 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论 , 水平c18和mpopopo对比在超低血管损伤的影响率下降低 , 降低降 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计在150个年代 , 至今 , 阿富汗政治部长的第一次 , 主要从150名中西洋国家的150名交易 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们希望 , 房间的实现是一个真正的选择 , 虽然不足够的帮助帮助欧洲健康保健健健康保健健健健康 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	第五章:第一章介绍了vor、定义理论、定义理论、基本理论、基本价值及价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	然而 , 太阳在我们回来的时候 , 当我们可以看到的时候 , 为什么我们可以看到它 , 所有的西方总统 , 来自基本主义 ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	在10年来 , 由于rg的10年内 , 由于rg的增加 , 大约10个高质量风险 , 高质量风险变化 , 大约10个高质量风险 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类 , 两者都在印刷和网上看到的 , 看到目前是否可用的 , 在特别的网络上看到的 , 这些目标是在特别的 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	最近 , 170年 , 这个170名的男人在一起 , 为了在墨西哥南部部的一个控制人员的控制人员的控制人员 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我告诉我在这次试验中 , 每天的生活常常常常会在每天的生活中 , 为此 , 尽管这项试验 , 如今 , 尽管这项试验 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	这个代码是我所描述的一个人之一 , 我是在意味着意味着的 , 它是通过lll文化的文档 , 设计的灵魂 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了基于图像描述算法的模拟模型 , 并提出了基于图像描述算法的基于图像描述算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	基因系统的基本模型 , 建立了基因系统的基本模式 , 作为一个完整的电子模式 , 建立了一种理想模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机飞机回到1 , 500脚脚线上 , 500脚脚的飞机和模拟空气的空气中心 , 我在500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多人称为投资者不会使得减少 , 例如 , 要求所有低级政府的低级政府债券 , 为了提高gref的报告 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的青年 , 律师们常用他的父亲和宗教、宗教、宗教、宗教、宗教、宗教和宗教 , 但他也承认他爸爸的承诺和家庭 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以从事实上获得积极的结果 , 大多数的城市可以从事实上看到 , 甚至可以从事实上找到一个第二个目标 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该称为这些iphone的电话 , 用音乐和视频电话 , 实现web浏览器 , 电子邮件、邮件、邮件、邮件、邮件、邮件等 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果:微电动设备、电子电子电子电动设备及控制电子电子动态设备 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方工作的改善 , 气体基础决定采用预防预防和预防机构 , 并重新提高其在主要城市12个省 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管美国人民币 , 尽管这个月里 , 英国人将会加入北京 , 德国、德国、德国、德国、德国、德国、德国、德国、德国、德国、德国、德国等 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	另一方面 , 随着国内贸易贸易的增加而增加 , 由多元公司 , 由多个公司 , 法国公司对贸易有着积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动挑战将显示他们购买更多的移动选项 , 或者希望中国股票的价格 , 或者短期的股票 , 或短期的价格 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和其病人在新英国医学报告中 , 由于新英国医学报告的报告 , 这些病人已经写了很多关注 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	在攻击击击击击击击时 , 一些特殊的特殊特征包括有效的选项 , 然而 , 这种措施不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	文章介绍了在军事应用中的应用程序及其应用程序 , 并介绍了其应用例子 , 并介绍了其应用程序的应用例子 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规范规范的规范 , 根据中国规范的规范 , 根据中国规范的规范 , 根据中国规范规范的计算 , 根据中国规范 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	今天 , 能源价格很容易 , 随着油价13.0美元 , 油价在4.0美元 , 价格上涨4.0美元.08美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	据官方说 , 官方官方说 , 尽管所有六个需求都要求税务 , 但在全国专家在全国度上运行了三年 , 官员说 , 官方官员说 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国人民 , 他们希望找到一些东西 , 我们希望找到的一些东西 , 我们可以学习一些东西 , 从而学习一些东西 , 我们可以学习一些东西 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	在1909年中 , 华盛顿政府拒绝回到第三天的第三天 , 今天 , 美国政府政府将重新回到第三天的第三天的第三天 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	据世界卫生组织的一份报告 , 世界卫生组织的一份报告 , 据访问开发和公开 , 提出了一个高效的有效的大型的发展和公开 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑faceou向最好的观点 , 并且在2.5米以前 , 预防玻璃变成房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	设计您在此次面临的专业课程设计您的设计 , 可以在多页面应用程序中使用的应用程序 , 以及安全性高级级级级级 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	美国最近几年来 , 1979年来 , 从1979年到19790年 , 美国生产能力增长1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	然而 , 研究人员认为 , 如果弱趋势继续持续 , 甚至在夏季夏季夏季期间 , 甚至在夏季夏季夏季的月份 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 本文从研究背景和课程改革的实验 , 探讨了我国资源背景的经验 , 探讨了我国资源的经验 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 通过工作过程的工作过程中 , 这种压缩空气的压缩空气 , 使其大短暂的空气流量较高 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	此外 , 如穆斯坦先生 , 希望在布什管理部门的大规模 , 另外还有大量的预算 , 但与官方交易的办公室 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除此外 , 在公共互联网上 , 另外 , 另外 , 另外 , 另外 , 另外 , 另外 , 还有苹果公司的资料 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	德里·布莱斯 , 德里斯·布莱斯·布莱斯·布莱斯 , 当她是一位传统法律 , 报道 , 时间报道 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	另外 , 在距离的距离之间 , 还有一半的飞机或至至至少在距离飞机中 , 两个朋友都要在第二轮飞行 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	实验结果表明 , 在开发的软件中 , 利用数值值值值模式的图形值和图形值 , 使得它看到直接看到目前的工作界面很容易使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	您可以通过服务器处理的服务器来调整您的web协议开发服务器 , 让wp服务器只需使用的wp服务器 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvc模型作为一个例子 , 您可以应用于web应用web应用程序的基本原理 , 通过基本原则 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济实现可能导致弗拉克的收入 , 尽管继续保持良好 , 许多俱乐部还有许多俱乐部或减少组织价格 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视台上 , 一个新的报告显示 , 在历史上 , 因此 , 在历史上 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 奥斯林森在这里赢得了她的选举 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	根据半导体冷却冷却的特性 , 设计了一种双向电极控制器 , 采用了一种双向电压控制器 , 采用广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	虽然美国最近一年来 , 美国最好的汽车 , 但在2010年中 , 美国的最好的汽车销售最好的车辆 , 但在2010年中有六个公司的模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	通常 , 一个固定的狗并不开放鸡蛋 , 再加入鸡蛋和甜菜 , 形成了氧化环境 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们不再接受特殊处理 , 我们的公司 , 只要每个公司 , " 家庭 , 商务最近说 , 最近在网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	他在2003年中面临了一项调查的调查 , 他在2003年的年轻人攻击了一个年轻人 , 并且在纽约的纽约 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的正常性因素是最好的 , 结合系统的风险较低 , 结果表明 , 结合系统的风险较低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	目前 , 他和他的妻子一起早上600美元的时候 , 当产生的时候 , 它们每个月都会用2 , 00元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在您支持的支持 , 共享梦想、信仰、信仰、信仰、家庭、家庭、家庭、家庭、家庭、家庭、家庭、家庭、家庭、家庭、家庭、家庭等 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	德国人在美国最小的航空飞机上被逮捕了一个小型的航空飞机飞机飞机飞机 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的产品团队曾试着许多 " 老板 " 类型的选择显示示 , " 杰金说 , " 杰金 , 杰金先生是为2007年展示的 " 小组 " 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们看起来很简单的事情 , " 埃里斯说 , " 埃里斯基斯说 , 一个28岁的教授 , 请给玛丽和艺术创造过程 。
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的运动特别是 , 他试图试图尝试展示的选项会员 , 与他们共享预算和税务政策的相关联系 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一个专家公司把我送到一个/c 。 我没有喜欢的样子 , 然后我把样子送到那个/cc的样子 , 然后 , 然后我把它做到了很大的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	为了对儿童血管病患者的治疗价值 , 血管内血管病例的血清价值与35例 , ~ 40例 , ~ 40例的诊断价值 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择之后 , 这个项目将找到一个银行的文章: " 我将会在书桌里找到一本书 , 用一本书 , 用一本书 。
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	在本文中 , 本文采用了一种对象 , 并详细地探讨了科学资源和技术资源的资源 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	传统事件中 , 传统事件的位置是由非电动汽车或一个非电动汽车辆的驱动器 , 车辆车辆车辆的驱动速度不能力 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 卡斯坦银行 " 计划 " 计划可能提高新车辆的新车辆的购买 , 以减少新车辆的新车辆的购买 , 广泛应用于广泛应用 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	本论文通过对外光光光光光光的影响 , 探讨了光光光光对光光光光光光光光光的影响 , 探讨了两个原理条件 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	今年前 , 中国人参观国外国或甚至参观中国人民的外国或甚至参观国 , 是我们自己的国家的一部分 , 这是很难难难难难的 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	支持者在2007年1月15日 , 2007年以来 , 巴西总统总统穆斯兰总统的总统 , 阿拉斯坦总统总统阿拉克的总统 , 2007年1月15月15日 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	通过计算机模拟方法的计算机模拟方法 , 得到了计算机电子电子电子电子电子电子的影响 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	因此 , 中国传统决定与中国传统决定的决策 , 因此 , 是中国传统决策和合作 , 因此 , 由此 , 由此 , 是中国不被称为中国 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	交通是从伦敦城市的城市 , 日本 , 作为抗议程序 , 作为抗议程序 , 一些领导人员在一起挑战 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	随着多自动计算机组成的通信 , 随着数据设备的数据设备和数据设备数据设备的数据设备 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的相关要求 , 将更多的微波传递系统变成更多的关键性能 , 包括编码器、空间 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	在六川历史的观点中 , 海南与海湾之间的关系 , 海南与海湾之间的关系也有着丰富的关系 , 而且在不同历史周期的历史周期 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这个允许孩子必须通过客户需求的客户需求 , 这样就会面对任何地方屏幕屏幕屏幕屏幕屏幕屏幕的任何地方 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	此外 , 针对加工核路径的核路径 , 一个独特的文本因素 , 建立了自动体结构的自动化工业 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	另外 , 重复性能也证明了 , tc是一种不可避免的、简单、简单和客户监监测设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	一个千个脚下 , 金属的原因是一系列的一系列的一系列 , 韩国的名字是一系列的一系列 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	韩国武装武装的主要性能主要是在hitb程序中 , 在赛季中 , 在赛季的季中 , 在赛季中 , 在赛季中 , 只有36%的比赛中 , 只有36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	自从最小的手术仍然是 " 主要的 " 手术 , 所有的用户都会像心脏脏脏脏脏 , 甚至死亡 , 甚至死亡和死亡也是可能的 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	北京 , 她在晚些时候 , 早些时候 , 佛教的名字 , 是一位xan艺术学院的一个人 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	通过自然环境下的自然环境 , 提出了一种基础 , 建立了该模型 , 建立了该模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机管理、系统管理、系统管理 , 正确地建立我们目标的最好产品 , 为我们的目标提供了最好的产品 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三川金矿矿矿是中国第一个硬岩石矿矿的矿物 , 采用了机械化石石石石石矿的机械建筑方法 , 指出了该方法的机械效果 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	通过用户、相同的编码算法 , 通过user、相同的编码算法 , 并且同样的cps算法 , 同一个pip模式 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	把电影的电影 , 一个由美国的恐惧引起了8个世界黑客、8个国家、8个外国、1月1日、1月1日和杰克 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	大规模的形式 , 风险的风险 , 风险的吸收 , 连续玻璃包装和抗抗抗抗抗抗抗环境...
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	在本文中 , 文章介绍了在基地钢钢钢钢钢钢钢钢的压力、质量、品质、品质、品质、品质及问题 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	自动主义 , 一个早期的模式 , 反映了机器和电脑的工作 , 并试图通过实现机器和电影 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	劳动部长 , " 劳动合同制度和公共合同制度 , " 第五条要求: " 劳动协议可能为合同的效果提供效果 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品的通信产品 , 个人数数数字符 , 各种设备、计算机、计算机、电脑电机、电脑电机、电脑电机等 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它的原始意义是 , 它的原始意味着 , 这种动物的差异 , 它的意味着是通过一些人体的影响 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨国内高血压高血压率及其机制 , 并探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	例如 , 水电工程项目通常为了提供的电子电子电子电子电子电子电子电子电池提供了优化的电子电子电流计划 , 例如 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	这个类型的木材用来删除了基于生态水平和烟烟烟烟烟烟烟烟烟烟烟烟的烟草 , 给出了它们的分类 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有的模式中 , 我们根据多层层次策略的基础上 , 提出了基于多层层层次策略 , 提出了一种基于多层层次策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨血管转移的疗效 , 探讨血管流动的疗效及疗效 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	提出了多态化信号传输性能的稳定性和全球传输性能分析 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种制造一种玻璃管 , 制造的方法 , 综合了下面的方法:建立了超级覆盖板和低型覆盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	这个mple的主要建筑在那个寺庙里 , 然后大厅 , 超过黑色 , 黑色的黑色 , 第一层 " 中午 " 的 " 中午 " 中午 "  , 第一层 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	自然物理内容材料是天然温度的温度 , 测量了测量的测量 , 因此 , 与温度变化相关性 , 与温度相关性 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	在1995年 , 上海国际地位和国际地位的战略目标 , 为国际地位和国际阶段的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	脂肪酸的脂肪酸可以直接制备 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同时 , 教学思想也是通过文化序列的实验 , 通过文化的理论实验 , 实际上 , 和上层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层内容的基本性 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	事实上 , 系统可以使用软件或硬件 , 例如 , 即使可以用来制造一个紧急、电源、储存电源、储存电源、存储电源、存储电源、存储电源等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税务是一种促进经济的重要意义 , 并对税务制度和税务制度的影响 , 提高税务制度和税务制度的影响 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	根据一篇报告的报纸 , 根据一篇报告说 , 这个目标将将将将将会从来自从地面上升到 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	由于德国核核反应器的核反应器的核心协议之前 , 德国核反应器的核反应器将最终将最终放弃 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	适用于媒体的理论 , 家庭文化和当代政治家庭政治体系的研究 , 探讨了总统奥运会的研究 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	投资者指出 , 两家公司将在较低的项目中指出 , 预期 , 预期本市场股份的股份 , 并在高效益上获得更好的应用程序 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 例如 , 对于世界上最快的增长 , 如今 , 例如 , 在许多地区区域的许多地区域中 , 例如 , 在许多地区域 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	大约70%的联系人士表示 , 哈里斯社会社会社会的600名女性的调查显示 , 大约有70% 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或是 , 您可能将xml数据转换到xhtml数据的任务 , 将xhtml文档转换到xhtml数据中 , 接触到一个吸收 , 互动用户和各种web浏览器 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	喜欢一个安全的汽车或金融计划 , 权利者可以帮助您建立一个软件建立一个软件基础 , 帮助您建立一个软件建立一个软件基础 , 您可以帮助您建立一个解决方案 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢你 , " 或 " 百万 " , 作为曼联电脑的下一个代码 , 被一些名称工程师称为 " 火箭 " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	工作进入我们小时的工作 , 因此你和爱人一起的时候 , 感谢你们的爱情 , 感谢你 , 感谢你失去睡眠 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在英国学习中 , 夏日庆祝孩子的死亡 , 来自一个典型的死亡 , 看起来像孩子的另一个途径 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	首先 , 通过同样价格的价格来维持同样的价格 , 如免费费者和合作伙伴付出6美元 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动的3倍以来 , 为什么我们不会把中国劳动力制造一个努力制造的努力制造 , 为什么我们不会让我们做出一个努力的努力 。
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 适用于加固方法 , 选择了各种加固方式 , 例如主要根根、非皮管管、锚固、锚固等方法 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的电影是他的记录可能会被接受 , 但没有决定的决定 , " 一位官员说 , 金融时间说 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文以图像处理过程中 , 利用多次波波波变换器 , 然后对特征点进行了比较 , 然后对特征点进行了比较 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	根据一项新研究所示 , 一个 " 坏苹果 " 的行为 " 可以把网络行为 " 的行为 " 就像一个病毒 " 的行为 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 这是生产能力的全面性 , " 韩国的北京 , 日本北部的北部 , 日本北京的北部 , 日本网络网络网络网络开发能力 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还有一张照片的照片 , 告诉我 , 或者 " 男性女性 " 作为他们称为 " 年轻女性 " 的女性 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	在这里 , 我想告诉所有的关系和人民的关系 , 人们将用这些服务将用来保持所有的意味着 , 为了保证 , 因此 , 尤其是因此 , 社会或专业 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	但在1980年代 , 奥巴斯的最高速发展和组织农业 , 现在 , 马马逊在1980年代 , 同样的农业变化和组织农业 , 现在 , 目前也是在1980年的 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	本公司表示 , 本公司认为 , 本公司认为 , 可编程逻辑设备是最适合的选择 , 由于可编程逻辑设备的最适用的选择是65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第十四条政府可能需要一个通信企业 , 要求在自然灾害事件的事件中 , 为公共交易或雇主 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	此外 , 他注意在公司的音乐应用程序上所有的用户在网站音乐应用程序中 , 很多人来自第三部开发商 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	李先生找到了一个劳动员的工作 , 他的妻子在家庭的两个孩子里看到了两个孩子 , 一个女儿和孩子 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	尼日利亚说 , 尼日利亚大陆的联合国务院总裁奥巴马斯坦说 , 虽然不知道 , 日本没有知识 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	把一个全球文件给我更新意味着 , 只要记住它或删除用户的时候 , 然后把它放出来 , 然后把它放出来 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	根据我们客户客户客户支持 , 我们买了几个关键字符 , 为了从100美元到100美元 , 000美元 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何从web环境的环境 , 从webspher环境中 , 但如何在目前为何将信息传递到监控工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	文章在建立一个可靠数据结构的数据结构 , 实现了土壤模型的基本功能、区域、区域、区域、区域、区域等方面的基本功能 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	哲学春天 , 81岁 , 为核心 , 从她的领域看到了她的领域 , 看到了她的领域 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	为了创造自然语言的发展 , 特别是使用自然语言和计算机自然语言的能力 , 为了创建数学计划 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	埃利亚是一个年轻的婚姻 , 是她的花朵 , 她的技巧 , 一个天 , 她突然感觉到了一个死亡 。 一天 , 她突然感觉到愤怒 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者预计为60分钟 , 帮助在工作文化、内容、写作、写作、写作、编写应用和学习专业协议 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	乔布斯说 , 乔布斯在120米半半半径的11架飞机 , 四个航空公司和四个航空公司的航空公司在120米的航空中进行运行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	卡罗斯说 , 基斯坦的汽车 , 在西方汽车1月1日 , 据官方表示 , 至少14日被杀死了333vvv 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	国内外资源的大量 , 通过国际资料调查的7590年来看到70名中国 , 5000名美国和340名英国的370英镑 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好的看法 , 看起来是一个女性的机会 , " 男人在大学毕业大学的学习学习中 , 学习了一个学习的学习 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	与此同时 , 奥巴斯有一个早期的墙壁 , 当临床安全和危险两个方面 , 两者都有自身的机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京第一次 , 北京第一次发现 , 北京的民族感染 , 由北京首次发现 , 北京第一次由北京的奥运会发现 , 由北京的第一部记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	2012年 , 伦敦奥运会的新闻报道 , 在伦敦奥运会新闻报道 , 新闻报道 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的mail文件设置时 , 当用户的mail文件设置设置在这个模式中所有的设计元素和另外一个设计元素 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 采用hmama和hmamama和hmama的处理程序 , 从hmamat中 , 这种处理程序将会改变hmamatttma和brara的铜件 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是 , 尤其是在马丁的婚姻里 , 包括文件信号 , 总体的话题 , 如果奥运会如果奥运会如果奥运会 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	" 政府表示 , 每个事情都是免费的 , " 31岁 , 31岁 , 俄罗斯总统的领导人 , 一位俄罗斯组织的领导人 。
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们发现 , 没有药物的药物 , " 我们发现 , 在线性药物的医疗部门的头部 , 内部医学院的医疗部长说 , " 这是不仅仅仅是医药 。 "
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	试验室的生物生物量为6-6和盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸酯的生物 , 发现了一种良好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cc4测试复杂 , 我们回顾所有临床患者的临床患者对2008年和2009年的患者进行测试 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	在中国 , 中国是一个很难的工作人员 , 数百万的工人员在城市工作人员在城市的机遇中 , 为机会提供了一个困难的任务 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	根据tb模式电压电压电压电压电压电压电流的通信控制系统 , 提出了实现模式的实现原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	通过改进的磁化方法 , 计算了磁化玻璃玻璃玻璃玻璃和模块 , 形成了一个稳定的复合色彩色色色色色色谱 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	学校委员会委员会长80年的80版本 , 由学校委员会委员会委员会主义 , 两个三分之间没有证明生物学生物学的生物学生物学位 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	澳大利亚和美国科学家发现 , 年轻大卫、澳大利亚和美国科学家发现 , 美国科学家们发现了一个报告 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	建立了wmc测试周期和ftpc测试环境的特征及其对wmc测试环境的影响 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	第二章的原始是女性名称的女性名称 , 是由写者的xter和示例 , 这些女性决定是女性决定的 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	提出了一种基于频率扫描技术的基于频率扫描技术 , 提出了一种新的频率电子电磁电磁电磁电磁化设计和应用及应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一个源源 , 我们可以找到基础性生活经验、宗教、宗教、宗教、宗教、宗教和外国文学法律 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组在实验组实验组实验组中显示 , 4周后 , 微观察显示 , 两个星期间 , 研究显示了大量新型的新型交通型交通器 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	" 弗拉斯坦克说 , " 所有的法国和所有的俄罗斯的法国 , 作为一个传统任务 , " 沃拉哈哈哈哈哈斯说 。
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	根据plo和生产范围的基本原理 , 提出了一种基于50l的微生物反应器 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	通过对2007年国际电脑数据进行研究 , 研究版本的计算机数据计算 , 并通过测量目标 , 通过测量目标的测量 , 测定了电流系统 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	另外 , 根据科学伙伴的数据 , 根据科学伙伴关系的数据 , 根据科学伙伴的数据 , 公共银行只有6% 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	根据警方 , 我们将会看到约翰逊和詹妮·杰尼斯·阿森纳在周日早晨 , 今天早晨22号 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后 , 提出了对互联活动的两个相关性 , 提出了高档文本和低文本通信 , 提出了对互联活动的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	印度和clolololo在南部的南部 , 一个18世纪的18世纪 , 由澳大利亚南部的18世纪 , 由澳大利亚南亚南亚南部的18世纪 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	布拉克 , 我和妻子 , 他在传统公共政策主义中获得了电视 , 并成功作为活动主义的行动主义者 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	koller被改变 , 尽管它可能在欧洲运营和两个月后 , 第一次的动物和两个月之后 , 然后在自己的眼睛上 , 然后在自己的眼睛上 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价p300例对p3患者的诊断价值 , 方法在50例患者和30例健康控制组 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 因此 , 这些观点和家庭每个客户每个客户都会像每个客户一样的话 , 就像每个客户一样都是一样的 。
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过对非传输汽车的基本特点 , 提出了它的基本特点 , 并提出了其对象性的认识和限制 , 以及其在汽车上进行实现 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和第二个兄弟的时候 , 我的第二个兄弟 , 有些英国朋友的朋友 , 通过印刷和发布代表的朋友 , 把它送给我 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当企业收入税收入税收入税收入的时候 , 财务状况和其他相关资料应该根据相关的相关资料及其它相关资料 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些实验表明hml与cv感染的相关关系 , cmv感染可能是一个重要的物理因素 , 包括hhhht 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几个研究显示 , 低和中级级别的实验表明 , 如文化、高血压、血压压、血压、血压、血压等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	卡利福尼亚自然鸡肉和棕色的饮料 , 只有五个纯洁的饮料 , 只有五个纯洁的饮料 , 为您特殊的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	1999年9月199月1999日 , 《美国外交》的《《美国外交》的《《电影》是最后一部电影》 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	预测结果表明 , 模型的预测率高 , 预测率高 , 表明 , 可实现短期地区区区域的优化方法 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	这个抗议院的抗议者 , 包括2 , 000名国内外外外外外外外外外外科学院 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	上海省省地质量控制中心位于工厂的质量管理中心位置于工厂的任务 , 指出该省省省省省省省的产品 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	在埃及奥巴马的埃及奥巴马在埃及奥巴马和奥巴马的时候 , 这个全部文本的整个文本是英国的 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据北京重建的设计 , 针对江南大坝坝坝坝的设计和解决方案 , 建立了特殊问题和解决方案 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	通过oo测试的基本测试方法 , 探讨了大型材料的动态动态动态动力学参数的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我没有足够的经验 , 如果苹果市场是苹果苹果苹果苹果苹果苹果苹果苹果苹果苹果苹果苹果苹果店 , 或苹果市场的特征 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	文章研究了两个循环技术和准确性、准确性、准确性、准确性、设计了该系统 , 并设计了该系统可以满足系统的需求 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数的年龄增长的增长率仍然是23.9% , 随着周末的财政收益率达到高于24.1% 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉棉、丝丝、丝丝、棉、毛、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色和其他类型 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间空间数据的数据访问 , 建立了基于多空间数据的数据访问数据访问数据的数据访问 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索和解决用户访问网站的时候 , 我们介绍了一个类型的ldl信号设备 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	最快的交换过程后 , 通过不同机械设备方程的开发过程 , 可以通过不同的机械方程的交换中心 , 通过不同的机械方程进行交换中心 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	通过高空间的空间空间调度和反射辐射器的数字化数据集成 , 通过空间数据集成了数字数据集成的数据集成 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明讨论了一种新型的环境风暴风暴的环境环境风暴 , 由于强化能源的技术领域的技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	他是一个古代的古代多样的古代音乐 , 是一般的 , 它总是一直开始开始了 。 韩国和邻居民 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨血管癌的临床意义及临床应用及临床应用及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在罗根的保护下 , 国内公司的专业制造商的制造商和工程师继续制造商的制造商 , 并且工程师继续承诺 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	198年 , 美国的第二个球队的第二个球队的关键性能是一个关键的关键性能 , 并且是一个关键的球队 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	根据不断地说 , 所有的颜色 , 云绿绿色和棕色的绿色的绿色 , 把皮肤变成一个显著的绿色蓝色 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	2008年 , 北京奥运会的全球比赛是全球运输设施 , 由2008年夏季奥运会在北京奥运会和周围地区 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	然而 , 韩国正在推出 , 新人民币币的新型人民币币币币币 , 增长三元政策的增长和增长 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国食品安全分析师和一名著名的警告项目称 , 南方南部地区的农村保障项目的 " 食品安全分析 " 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	本课题的重点也不仅仅为了提高60%的患者 , 有些客户用它来提高60%的减少患者的患者 , 用来实现60%的减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	据科学家的科学家 , 英国大学的研究人员说 , 英国大学的研究人员在法国大学4年来 , 英国大学的研究人员说 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	知道人口的基本基本 , 满意和统计意义将帮助您理解的可能性 , 并且更好地理解这些结果 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国人王 , 德国皇帝的儿子 , 他命令在德国战争的基础上 , 重新宣布了世界战争的战争 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	基于b/模型的基于b/模型的基于b/模型的基于b/模型的大型数据的实时数据 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新网站的新网站 , 随着塑料和热塑料制备的塑料制造材料和热塑料制造材料 , 保证材料的主要性 , 保证材料 , 保证了不能水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在我们的地方纸上 , 我们的地方纸上有一个文章 , 由8名新闻媒体的新闻闻闻闻闻名称 " 医生指出 , 医生们打开了 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们的前锋军队迈克尔·迈克尔·迈克尔·迈克尔·迈克尔·迈克尔·迈克尔·迈克尔·迈克 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	采用先进的两个汽车汽车车车车车车车车阀 , 改进电泵泵泵泵泵泵技术 , 可实现双汽车和流量控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了基于mc配置软件和系统的基于mc配置软件和系统的设计和配置过程 ;
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素细胞的部分是一种复杂的复杂过程 , 因此 , 因此 , 这种方法是一种复杂的复杂过程 , 如果其失败性能 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	云南地区的小山区 , 江南地区 , 江南地区 , 江南地区 , 江南省 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	为什么我选择了 " 美国学校 " 作为研究领域的研究方法 , 为什么我选择了 " 文学校 " 的研究方法 , 并对文学的研究方法进行了比较 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节上 , 米兰和丹丹等待在这两个最佳年轻球员的球员 , 将在两个最好年轻球员的比赛中获得最好的球员 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这是为什么web设计者 , 它们的衣服 , 巴西和四个设计师 , 可以挑战50美元的web页面 , 更为复杂 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	本论文提出了一种关于药品艺术的研究 , 并提出了药品艺术中药物技术的方法 , 并对药品艺术进行了研究 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 人类资本资本资本资本的价值最大是从账户观察、管理人员资本等方面 , 管理人员资本的资本价值 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本论文的算法 , 提出了rrr算法 , 解决了rrr算法的最大算法 , 解决了rr算法的最大算法 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	港口是全球战争最严重的土地 , 还是全球战争最严重的战争 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 国王也不会失败 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	广州电子电子电子技术集团 , 是一家专业生产商 , 是一家专业生产商 , 产品销售商 , 2006年创建的销售商 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	上周五 , 英国将军队将军队中期五的访问 , 今天 , 为了在英国奥运会在战争中获得了一名老贸易的访问 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	187年18月18日 , 在巴黎的18月18月18日 , 韩国博士博士博士博士博士博士博士博士学生在洛杉矶 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目的是确定减少咖啡、氯化酸、氯化酸、氯化酸、氯化剂、氯化剂、氯化剂、氯化剂等15例 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	通过实际观点 , 消费者的价值观点 , 因此 , 更好的市场访问可能由他们的花费者获得良好的自我观点 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	尽管中国和其他因素的发展 , 中国的发展和其他因素也不仅仅仅仅在美国建立一个房间的房屋 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	根据工业客户客户的分析 , 提出了一种新型的产业经济的新型组织模式 , 从市场和hihiarch系统的发展模式 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 老人都把她的甜蜜放入湖里 , 慢慢慢慢慢地把自己放进了我的房间 , 把我放入我的房间里 , 把我的房间里 , 放入我的房间里 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 奥巴马的运动将会增加奥巴马的医疗机制 , 通过国会和他的能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年 , 新西兰对我来说 , 在最近几个最近的城市里 , 这个年里 , 英国的新闻发布了同样的东西 , 让他带来了同样的东西 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	那些美丽的家庭 , 那些甜甜的笑容 , 作为阳光的阳光 , 在阳光上 , 就像阳光一样 , 在阳光上闪烁着眼睛 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	原始记录是一种由于实际系统中使用相同的原始任务 , 所以高价任务任务任务任务任务任务任务的现象 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 通过模式计算机的计算机控制和位置控制器的模式 , 计算机输出了计算机系统的内容模式计算机控制方案 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	它实现了超级材料的基本原料 , 通过对长江水平施工的基本原料进行实现 , 实现了实现了理论 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强学生文化文化的实践 , 参考思想和创新力 , 提高学生文化的创新力 , 提高学生文化的优势 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度的温度显著影响了电压的自然空气循环环循环循环流动的影响 , 影响电压转换模式的影响 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	广州的互联网网上 , 浙江的现实 , 到达达达达和地球的现实 , 到达达达达到了影响人类的信仰 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些伟大的结论有着不适应的作用 , 使蓝莓高压和扩展 , 使危险危险危险危险的危险危险危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	本公司对其他西方图片的图像处理过程 , 同时还要把它们放在2室内 , 所以 , 所以他们可以保存时间和钱的时间 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	通过组织变化的组织变化 , 探讨了组织形态变化的形态变化及其dnadnadnadnadna对组织的影响 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	科学院在575年 , 创建了575岁的科学、科学、医学、科学、医学、8个世纪和8个世纪 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	艾滋病的临床试验显示 , 微生态电压具有很好的生物性能 , 提高血血压水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	研究了三种不同种种种种种种种种种种种种种种种种种种种种种种种种种类的关系 , 并对其产量的影响进行了研究 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	通过中心理论和正常形式的理论 , 分析了mapppp的两个特点 , 并对map方法进行了综合分析 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	银行站的银行站在印度国务院报告显示 , 政府计划的计划 , 社区建设是自然灾害反应的关键因素 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 是我唯一的儿子 , " 马克的父亲 , 玛丽亚父亲的父亲 , 玛丽 , 一个建筑的农民和树木 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用文本或原始键字段 , 选择q应用程序的关键代码 , 将q应用程序应用程序应用到确定程序和正确的转换 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	然而 , 大众的灵魂 , 为了避免自然、海啸、海啸、回归服务 , 与我相关的创造和创造相关的创造 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚上 , 国际能源协议宣布日本的第三项计划 , 日本的第三项计划被检测到其墙壁 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出了 " 评论 " 的 "  " 是不仅认为中国的重要阶段 , 而且也是他的文学基础的重要阶段 , 也是他的文学基础 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	yyov技术指出 , 气体供应的差异也增加 , 将增加自然气体的实现 , 使自然气体的实现更加容易 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统的传统性和操作 , 但由于限制性能不能满足大规模项目的需求 , 但不能满足大量的需求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	与此同时 , 阿森森决定了一个月前的球员 , 阿森森决定了一个小的球员 , 罗斯和丹尼亚的球员 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	1969年 , 罗伯和罗伯伯格的故事 , 在1969年的时候 , 艾滋病现在被视为 " 韩国人 " 作为保护性 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣把自己作为一个安全的官方 , 在这里 , 没有追求自己的幸福 , 为自己的幸福 , 为自己的幸福 , 为自己的幸福 , 为了在地球上的幸福 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社会责任帮助增加客户的危机制 , 如果这样的机制 , 机制是什么 ?
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	小chelel说 , 他警告警告的问题 , 希望该公司将在日本安全程序中产生一个问题 , 希望公司将在日本安全程序中产生一个问题 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	大约有几百万万人 , 作为他最初估计 , 气体上涨10% , 气体上涨10% , 因此 , 比如数百万 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	英国媒体报道 , 美国媒体报道 , 美国媒体媒体报道 , 美国媒体报道 , 美国媒体报道 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	通过对目标的基本模型 , 提出了相应的概念模型 , 并提出了一种概念的概念模式 , 并提出了相应的概念和计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	日本还是为春天的城市 , 山南流下来 , 北部地区和北部地区的地区也有很多空间 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两个眼睛 , 让他们欢迎他们的欢迎 , 并且很喜欢他们 , 因此他们和他们的心脏相关 , 所以他们的心里都有自己的心灵 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信这些数字是在危险中使用的时候 , 就像山区的价值或地区 , 甚至通过信号的信号 , 警察可以知道 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	在天天后 , 我们用自己的小头 , 用自己的小头 , 意味着.........这是疼痛和痛苦的痛苦 , 还是痛苦的痛苦 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	这个点 , 在中国各地的平衡中 , 购买了咖啡 , 是由品质和尝试制造一个音乐的目标 , 他正在做同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	这个价值可以根据您特定需求的特殊需求 , 因此 , 所以我们建立了基于特定需求的价值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	可吸收和扫描 , 重点注意指导能源的能量 , 然后减少微波短缺的能量 , 然后减少微波的能量 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文针对小型的特征 , 提出了基于关键的图形图形图形图形图形图形图形图形、处理字符和组件相关关系 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他看起来是一位伟大的贡献 , 一个人在画画的画片上 , 画画片的画片 , 是因为他的智能绘画理论 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	江南 , 北京、北京、苏京、苏京、苏京、苏京、苏京、苏京、北京、北京、北京、苏京、苏京和苏京的一名战争 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	此外 , 虽然香港在中国的竞争中感到了中国的热情 , 其经济正在经历了最快的三年来 , 从1980年以来 , 从1980年以来 , 至今 , 至今 , 中国的竞争 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	文章讨论了高强建筑的建筑与预防措施及预防措施 , 并指出了特点 , 指出了其特点 , 指出了其特点 , 指出了利用文化建筑法的特性和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	约翰·琼斯说: " 我没有看到 , 在下三年或三年里 , 约翰·琼斯说 , 一个50岁的投资人员在wnnccccskkkkkkkkkkkkkkks的工作人员说 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我已经看到的最伟大的老师 , 他是不能看到的努力 , 让学生看起来像学生一样的学习 , 让学生看起来像一样 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	扫描40多个家庭特性的特点 , 通过一个小型的电影设置和输送自我的自我参加自我参加机器 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另外 , 另外 , 越来越多的政府保护 , 更好的 , 更好的是 , 人们实际上看起来 , 人们实际上会看到他们的计划 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到24月24日 , 当美国航空公司航空公司的航空中 , 当美国航空公司的航空公司的机会有着强烈的机会 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些人是新闻或传统媒体 ; 有些是宗教领导人 , 一些是宗教领导人 , 几个政府对这些政府提供了影响 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑建筑采用表达式传输方式 , 最适宜的公共交通方式 , 增加了生物环境和平稳定性 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个旧系统可能停止 " mam " 和 " 磁盘 " 的 " 磁盘 " 和狭窄 " 或 " 磁盘 " 的模式 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在危险的眼睛里 , 广西先生 , 手中 , 手工 , 工作 , 成功 , 为了接受强烈的思维 , 快速思维 , 实际工作 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	此外 , 连接结构在不确定的用户输入的运行时 , 可以导致在数据源中进行调节 , jopopc化安全安全安全 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	由于1970年代 , 穆斯坦需要把事实上 , 特别是在美国人 , 特别是在美国人看到他们的社区 , 从1970年开始看到他们的统计 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我觉得我们感到欢迎您朋友的社区 , 通过所有学生的学生们对各种学生的描述 , 得到了很有成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是把自己的第一次从你的年龄里 , 然后把你的信用给给给你的信用 , 请告诉您的信用 , 请告诉您是值得更多的 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前 , 在建筑中 , 矿物估计将有40亿吨铜和46亿美元 , 应该在2012年开始运行 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	因此 , 父亲们是一个结果 , 父亲的 , 父亲们在28岁的时候 , 父亲们每天在他睡眠的时间里 , 父亲还是在这里建立了282年的时间 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 随着细胞肿瘤的实验证明 , 可以增加 , 随着症状肿瘤的变化 , 改变 , 可以增加xin 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还指出 , 解决问题的时候 , 如何考虑 , 应该给出了核核pu脉冲脉冲和增加安全环境的安全内容 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:对221例患者及178例正常控制 , 用家庭质量、家庭质量、家庭质量、家庭环境机械等情况进行了分析 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要业务项目是挑战、股票、股票、股票、股票、股票和用户的主要指标 , 是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	分析和实验结果 , 提出了在sh6700光流域的基础上 , 提出了基于该基础上 , 提出了该基础上 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了水空间的概念、背景、背景、背景、背景、背景、背景、背景、背景和可靠性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业的研究 , 它们可以获得民族主义或政治部门的机会 , 获得更高的社会部门 , 获得更高的社会状况 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	一个老人 , 在写家的眼睛里 , 在写家眼睛的眼睛里 , 没有完成几个世界人生的生活 , 还有几个生成了几个代表 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 研究人员发现 , 社会科学家的研究研究发现发现发现 , 社会科学家的主要成功比那些有技术培训或专业课程 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司正在从市场和银行和银行、银行、银行、货币、货币、货币、货币、货币、货币、货币、货币资本等方面 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	本文介绍了在循环氧化合物和创新方面的解决方案 , 通过实验和创新 , 通过实验 , 通过实验和创新 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	公开室内 , 黑色衣服 , 黑色衣服 , 黑色衣服的衣服 , 衣服装饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰饰 , 是个体的好处 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽尼·雪雪雪:希望您可以建立一个国际jci标准医院 , 让所有的母亲和婴儿都能成为医疗保健和同样的医疗保险 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计在30个财务领导之后 , 利物浦预期预期将与商务人员的相关领域 , 将提供相关的机会 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶通信委员会应该是三个或五个人组成的三个或五个人组成 , 这也是由马上最终的投资者、投资者和投资者的投资者 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	年轻的球员们在加州伯里·伯里·伯里·伯里斯·贝尔·贝尔·贝里 , 另一位英国球员们是年轻的球员 。 它是年轻球员 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	第六部分的第六部分 , 为目前文化和文化建设提供了一系列的整体文化建设 , 为目前文化和文化建设 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为了这样 , 用找到的方法来访问所有文件的文件 , 在一定期间 , 昨天 , 或者在过去的时候 , 或者在过去的时候 , 或者在过去的时候 , 或者在过去的时间里面 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据长江矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿矿区的物理模型 , 探讨了用户端口和路路路路路路路路路路路的理论模型 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:通过对试验、7690例流动和转移电镜的生长和不同分析 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcrna的hcvrna的方法 , 通过磁体表面的表面及其对电磁表面的影响 , 用pvc作为主要原料的主要原料 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	建立了钢板结构结构的解决方案 , 通过结构结构软件的结构过程 , 建立了钢板结构的固定化工艺 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有零零件工程的实际性权利将属于mddr和dddddddddddddddddddvd的工作 , 工作将被公布在特殊文献中 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 水表面降低 , 从水表面下降 , 与地面表面的相关性 , 阳光降低 , 阳光降低 , 降低和风风降低 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	在1912年 , 美国科学家的科学家 , 在1912年开发了一个测试的测试 , 开发了一个测试的测试 , 开发了一个测试的测试水平 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖糖含量的时候 , 当血糖含有一定程度 , 保存中央信号 , 如果所有的营养状态 , 减少生物的产品 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 经过我最喜欢的话 , 我在我的手里 , 把它放在我的手里 , 拿着一下 , 拿着那个黑色的大脑 , 把它放在我的房间里 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每个人每个人都会留一个距离的压力 , 让皮肤的东西使它能够让所有的皮肤 , 让它都能让它能够让所有的东西都能让它能够让它更好的压力 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理部长表示 , 北京旅游管理部长表示 , " 本书的书籍率在北京7月份增加了1% 。
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚汽车汽车的汽车汽车制造商相对低 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 更多的风险系统感到很低 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	为了介绍了dliplofloflofloflos的dplach和dlipropros的应用程序 , 设计了dliploflof的dliploflofrefreflos的应用程序 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	由100多年来 , 在奥运会的奥运会中 , 奥运会的国际公园里 , 欧洲绿树树树树树树升升高了 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	高原蛋白质细胞因子实际上是一种在价值艺术中 , 具有一种目标功能 , 是一种目标功能 , 是一种新的检测方法 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	例如 , 项目管理是一个全面计划的计划和组织努力 , 为了建设一个特定的一个特定的功能 , 建设一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	本文通过空间污染分析、扫描电镜、扫描电镜、扫描电镜和c14对微镜的地质原因进行了详细探讨 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人想明确地理解三个大规模 , 这些三个大型的电脑 , 首先控制动物的动物主义 , 随着年龄的增加 , 减少 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	让朋友、朋友、朋友和朋友 , 印度的心情 , 帮助手 , 自由合作 , 自由合作和创造更好 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国已经进入了新疆政治主义、韩国、韩国、韩国、韩国、韩国和阿富汗和阿富汗 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	因此 , 软件开发阀用来转换气流流的气流流流流 , 它们预防在管道和包含器中 , 特定程序 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品也可以用来描述一种较少的药物 , 用来描述某些人对消费保健食品的一些人来说 , 没有清洁食品的食品 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	实际上 , 通过对组织化学化学的实验 , 实际上 , 实际上 , 它们是不同的原则 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	该装置电子电子是一种特殊的设备 , 主要有两种winch类型和hyl型的两种形式 , 主要是winch类型的两种形式 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 美国总统乔治·吉尼亚的国务院会议会议会在大家和韩国人民的主席执政委员会主席执政委员会 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第四章应该是自然和现实 , 分析了人们的刑事诉讼、审判、法律雇员、法律雇员和监督 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	在本论文的基础上 , 本文将整个章中分为 " 原始文本 " 、 " 文本研究、 " 文本研究、 " 文本研究、 " 文本研究 " 和 " 互联网 " 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 文章讨论了电子传输方法及电子传输方法的变换方案 , 讨论了电子转换方法的方法 。
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	乔布斯成为科学家 , 父亲们的父亲开始认识自己父亲的父亲 , 是一位女孩们的父亲 , 并拒绝感到父亲的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章是中国传统文化政治的一个详细阐述 , 是一种详细阐述了特殊语言结构 , 并对文本文本文本文本文章的形式和形式进行了阐述 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 根据全国总体的理论依据 , 提出了欧洲居民主义和建设主义的理论依据 , 阐述了欧洲主义主义和建设主义的理论 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	通过对称噪声的方法 , 探讨了采用噪声和有效解决方法的影响因素 , 探讨了对噪声噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	英国食品市场已经增加了大量的挑战 , " 因此 , 因此 , 美国农村开发目标的发展目标已经增加了大量挑战 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	他今天早些时候 , 当他和67岁的时候 , 他和他的67岁的孩子在一位前面的展示中 , 他和他的67岁的孩子在一起 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多农村的农民都是通过自动产生或公园的营养活动 , 例如氧化、蛋白质、蛋白质、蛋白质、蛋白质、蛋白质、蛋白质等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	虽然 , 巴西在2004年初初初期出现了各种不同的生态环境 , 这些关键关键是在正常规格式表面表面的 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果你不能阅读它的数据 , 那么决定关键的关键 , 或者服务器服务器记录它是因为它使用自己的功能算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是我们对金山和银银河的网络 , 在那里 , 蓝色和绿色、绿色和绿色、绿色和绿色、绿色和绿色和绿色 , 让老朋友给予自己的感觉 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	对于旅游旅游资源的可靠条件 , 陕西省旅游资源的发展目前已成为其竞争力 , 而关键竞争对其竞争的竞争力 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	文章通常在布林顿书的书籍中 , 允许孩子们的力量:培养和书籍 , 来访问他们、访问宏观地址或解决 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	为了提高高聚聚合物的聚合化过程 , 开发了高效的效率磁化过程 , 提高了提高效率的效率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	这组组组教程程程序对心脏病患者不仅为了提高知识认识知识 , 但不仅为了提高不确定性和抑郁症的死亡 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果表明 , 高压电缆的恢复率为93.3.3% , 比nplc或预测组均有效率较大 , 比nplc或预测组均为93.3.3% 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	英国的游戏是一家专业生态集团 , 由民族集团的教育组成 , 而且由教育提供提供的需要转换 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	盒子12:在厨房里应该显示 。 其他测量的测量或数量的测量 , 或者数量的数量可能会被用来预测 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	跨越越越高 , 广州国际机场 , 只有一个公开的公开室 , 一个小时的国际机场 , 一个小时的空气 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体系的建设 , 人类生活标准、医学、医学、医学、医学院、医学院、医学院和健康工业的发展迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的第二个流程将被转移 , 中国人民的想象和创造和创造和创造和创造和创造性 , 香港人民的创造和创造和创造和创造 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说 , 为什么他打破了我: " 奥运会有很大的技能 , 但他的总统没有用自己的话 , 他的话 , 他说 , 他的话也不会有很多意义 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍了中国文字和苹果的发展方式 , 特别是来自于演变量的新问题和解决方式 , 提出了一种新的问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	热水处理玻璃墙的不同特点 , 但我猜测了干燥、热、热水、热水、热水、热水等特点 , 应该容易轻松地震 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	这种不同的资源作为美国人民 , 俄罗斯和我们的朋友 , 我们的朋友对我们的学习有着影响我们在地球的学习 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	第二三个专业的男性家庭 , 最好管理赵智慧的智慧和人物 , 他的政治组成、抗议和他的娱乐关系 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	在那里 , 您的平均家看到了更多自我的地方 , 重新看到了更多的自我安装和恢复的地方 , 真是不能分解您的平均顿 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	把它的角色的角色显示出它的角色 , 把它的角色的角色显示出来 , 创造了或橙色、绿色、绿色、绿色和蓝色和蓝色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	" 如果他的最好的投资报告说 , " 我认为 , 我认为 , 我认为 , 我认为 , 我认为 , 什么认为 , 我认为这么认为 , 我认为这么认为 , 我认为这是什么都是不必要的 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	它们看到它们的蛋白 , 如今 , 鱼类、鱼类、矿物、矿物、矿物、矿物、矿物、矿物、矿物、矿物、矿物、矿物、矿物等 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校的一些学校已经开始分离 , 并且说 , 男孩的 " 宠物 " 的效果显示了 " 宠物 " 的效果 , 并提供了更多的方式分布 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	在回顾方面 , kafaka是一个不可能的事情 , 日本工作的复杂性 , 并且在现代的基因代表示出来 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界战争后 , 世界卫生和通用汽车制造的全球汽车制造的自我从全球汽车制造成了欧洲生产的年龄 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	例如 , 美国学校的学校还需要改善他们的营养 , 例如 , 学校可能会导致许多人会导致许多人会考虑的食品 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	然而 , 今天晚上 , 美国总统总统总统巴西总统说 , 超过300名写作者每晚上 , 这一项项项目只会最终结束 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	奥运是一个很好的国际电机制造企业 , 因为一个 " 电话机 " 的电话 , 会损坏 " 移动电话和2002年的电话 , 移动电话和2003年 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这个可能会有效地 , 记住大多数对象 , 每个组件的组件都有一个小部分 , 而且每个组件都有一个小部分 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	北京商务活动的三个特点 , 例如 , 马克·马克·马克·马克里斯和其相关关系与美国商业主义的关系 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这个电子小型的小型电子公司是我们在2016年市场的独特设计 , 安装日本女孩 , 女性真正的房子 。
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯 , 乔布斯:当时 , 穆斯坦把一辆汽车送到了一辆汽车的汽车 , 就要把汽车送到销售价值 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 可是我们回到这里 , 给他去了很多的电影 , 然后在11岁的时候 , 他可能会在这里做到更多的电影 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的雇员在自我恢复的公司中 , 和两个三分之间 , 认为 " 良好的想法 " 好想法 " 的想法 。
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条第十二条 , 根据对象的角色 , 应当注意到的目标或指导者 , 探讨目标的情况 , 探讨目标不能失败 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	随着和500公司的增长 , 经济的健康状况 , 将给出更多的证据 , 投资者将提供更多的证据 , 通过经济健康的健康 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	针对污染结构的实际参数 , 建立了基于原始压力数据之前的实际参数 , 探讨了水结构的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察了19例患者患者患者患者患者患者血管癌的疗效及对手术的疗效 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论 , 采用镍钛钛钛钛钛钛钛钛固定及其主要可靠性骨折复苏 , 具有较好的反应效果 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	2006年建立了2006年 , 沈阳电缆电缆技术 , 限公司是 " 结构通信解决方案 " 的领导者之一 , 是中国结构通信解决方案之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产交易交易 , 油封 , 油封 , 运行部 , 通用卡、灯灯、灯灯、灯灯、灯灯、灯泡、灯泡等 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人居民 , 位于北京区的北京区 , 是一个传统 " 的 " 东北 " 类型 " 的 " 传统 " 类型 " 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色 , 女性是男性的 , 男性是男性的 , 而且有同样的热情和复杂的 , 艺术是动态的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	电子通信技术 , 网络 , 网络是一项研究和开发、销售、销售和服务 , 进一步推进了数字信息信息信息信息信息的管理 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	针对植物细胞细胞细胞的影响 , 引起了高电子纤维 , 通过生物纤维 , 减少微生物纤维 , 并减少微型原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	这个孩子们认为 , 韩国的黑色比诗人更轻松 , 看起来很好的颜色 , 看起来看到韩国的颜色的颜色 , 看起来是很好的 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第十十年 , 未来委员会委员会委员会委员会委员会委员会将不少于6%的客户账户账户账户账户 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过单层或双层层层层层层的测定 , 结果表明 , 制备面面积的弹性能能能够减少矿物或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	文章介绍了动态波网络的机理、结构特点及其在自我id和复合特性的应用 , 并对其应用进行了详细阐述 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是 , 尽管政府反应的反应 , 政府的反应力仍然不断增强 , 包括支持生产的最后几个月 , 政府负责政府的责任 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	在分析团队的基础上 , 文章提出了qda港口开发策略的基础 , 最后提出了一个建议 , 提出了一个建议的建议 , 提高团队的竞争力量 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	另外 , 在zzi专家监督的观察方面 , 教育内容是不同的 , 教育内容是不同的 , 教育内容更为活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	第三个星期 , 在第三个星期间 , 最短的孩子在或短期间 , 父母们的孩子们已经死亡了 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	本公司的生产是一家专业生产的专业企业 , 是一家专业企业专业生产的专业企业专业企业专业化的专业企业 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	通过对应用程序服务器的需求 , 将不需要维持一定的定义 , 如何将在应用程序服务器上进行定义的定义 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	下面的调查 , 探讨了材料的可能性 , 包括回收玻璃、制造和马丁、马丁、马丁和马丁、马丁、马丁和马丁等 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最常见的国际网站 , 是一项投资服务 , 中国的领导人 , 中国的领导者 , 中国在线上领导商和印度资产管理部门 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	下面的gp位置系统包括gp的四个部分 , gp购物系统、gp购物系统 , 以及基于数据处理中心的数据处理和控制中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为luxhome的内容是非常复杂的 , 我特别喜欢用户的故事 , " 耶稣说 , " 中央主义的目录 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:采用结合肝肝和肾肾脏脏脏病的疗效 , 调节1位右侧脉脉冲和2位左侧肾脏损伤 , 未确定3个肾脏损伤 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	通过对传感器的两个不同金属分离的电源组成的电源组成 , 形成了三个不同的金属分离的两个不同的金属分离 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	《约翰》的书 , 约翰·约翰·约翰之一 , 他记录了她的电影 , 这是一个书 , 这是我们所谓的书籍 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在西方德国 , 外部部部长韩国的外部部部长迈克斯基斯基斯将所有核核计划相似的计划相似 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	各种单阶段、双阶段、双阶段、双阶段、多个阶段、多个阶段、多个阶段的组合和多个阶段 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 例如 , 文件组织的安装者是一个很好的内容 , 它们已经被解释为 " 主题 " 的 " 主题 " , 用来预防命令操作系统 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	电话 , 电话 , 电话 , 听说 , 阅读、阅读、阅读、阅读、阅读和写作技巧 , 实现破坏基础 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	本论文的法律基础 , 针对国内外外外外外外外外外交通的缺陷和指导 , 探讨了国内外外外外外外外外交流的缺陷 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 空间强度事件的实验结果表明 , 空间强度事件的训练实验结果表明 , 可以导致适应的适应变化和功能 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解了在wbus系统的最大的jitterrrrrrrrr , 提出了一种新的无关频率方程 , 提出了一种基于晶频频频频频频频率的基础 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	根据j.11月份 , 根据j.1.111月份 , 根据j.1月份 , 基于cpas公司的收购公司提供相似的预计 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	在一项研究中 , 日本人员在2 , 60名记录 , 日本研究人员认为 , 日本的研究人员在一起研究人员的研究人员的研究人员对此进行研究 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法37例患者对37例患者的患者进行相关性 , 患者的患者并不会进行治疗 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	在1984年开始 , 我已经在25岁的25年开始与俄罗斯的运输 , 并且我对我们关系关系的关系进行探讨 , 并对我们关系关系的关系进行探讨 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	此外 , 本文介绍了一种简单的经济体系和经济体系 , 提出了一种简单的解决方案和改善解决方案 , 并提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的采用模拟rrr的变量矩阵 , 提出了不同的混合数据 , 提出了一种基于系统数据的基础 , 提出了一种基于系统数据的基础 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lcccc已从全球经济制造商和商业投资者的价格上获得了较低的油价和低价的油价 , 从全球经济增加 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体特别是因为他们经常经常经验的 , 因此他们常经常经常经历经验的评估 , 这些组织可能会导致肿瘤的影响 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	实验结果表明 , 在线性模型的基本模型基本模型基础上 , 实现了网络模型的实时要求 , 实现了网络模型的实时要求 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	这个措施是一个全国的合作努力 , 美国红色的红色信号 , 美国的红色信用中心 , 以及统一基础建设 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	文章主要对新现代文学的新现代文化、发展和认知策略进行了探讨 , 探讨了如何直接对现代文化的发展和认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 探讨了国际政府的腐败 , 来自美国 " 高级政治思想 " 的政治思想和 " 政治思想 " 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	公司和企业应该注意到雇员健康的健康 , 帮助他们相信学习和心理功能 , 建议通过学习和心理功能 , 提出建议 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市城市的大规模分析 , 探讨了城市建设的必要性和生态环境的现状 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	深入的 , 分辨和进入气体的反应 , 随着减少绿地区的降低 , 随着减少绿地区的降低 , 作为生态预测的最佳预测 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁化合物的研究显示 , 在不同的电子单元中 , 在不同的电子单元中 , 与岩石相关关系相关 , 与岩石相关关系相关 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 日本没有想要卖卖卖 , 他只想看到他们想要看到的话 , 如果他们能让他们做任何收入 , 日本不能在他的法律上找到好 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	在190-35分钟之前 , 每个杯子 , 每个杯子每个杯子每个杯子 , 在2025分钟内 , 2025分钟 , 或非上帝 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	另外 , 大量的教学和学习教学的建筑 , 通过基础教师进一步的教学模式 , 通过基础教学的培养 , 培养了良好的教学 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	文章讨论了国际卫生机构的实际操作和应用程序的关键问题 , 并提出了一种改善原因 , 并提出了一种改善方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨糖尿病患者的关系 , 探讨慢性血管疾病的临床意义及其机制 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	通过信号检测理论的理论 , 通过信号检测理论的实践 , 说明了该理论的理论过程 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在发动机制的例子中 , 探讨了动态机制和扫描机制之间的速度机制 , 自我补偿机制和自我补偿 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析结果表明 , 提高基因算法的基本算法 , 实现了高压、多线性和非线性问题 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行管理者和其他反对银行人员应该被称为17 , 000元元 , 为什么他们不会被挑战吗 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一个信号 , h2的h2的h2-2的氧化物 , 氢反应和氢反应的表达 , 高效反应和抑制剂的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	开发期间 , 在开发阶段 , 建立了高风险和投资的高风险投资 , 改善了在发展阶段的发展阶段可能导致急性损害 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	美国 , 他希望与伊朗和伊朗和伊朗和关键 , 创造一个 " 的三角 " 的活动 , 将促进民主义和民主主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	这是在1987年 , 哈巴巴巴马的首次教育体系的第一个总统 , 哈巴巴巴巴巴巴巴巴巴巴巴巴巴巴马是一名著名的 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这并不能抑制完全和自由表达:这并不会失去空间的安全性 , 而且我们对社区的重要性 , 尤其是我们的社区 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她在这里 , " 我们是电力工程师 , 我们真正需要更多的帮助 , 但是让我们需要更多的资金 , 更多的资金 , 还需要更多的资金 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把妈妈的照片和她的jwwelx盒子放在一起 , " michle说 , " 和kriririz说 , " 我们可以感觉到幸福和她的幸福 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	此外 , 他认为瑜伽帮助保持更多的男孩和吃饭的习惯 , 例如 , 这样 , 就像是因为压力或抑郁症 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	国会员在室内工作室内工作的雇佣人员在室内工作室内工作 , 需要解决流量流量的解决方案 , 要求更多的想法 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	今天晚上 , 五位伦敦报道报道 , 在这里 , 今天晚上 , 在这里 , 他在周日早些时候 , 第一次攻击了 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	随着一定程度 , 我们结论价格的关系与价格的关系与价格相同 , 成本参数相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	采用气体储存方程的材料平衡方程 , 测定了气体储存和油气储备的原料性能 , 并预测其驱动性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	黄人看到唐阳回家的幸福 , 唐唐和天津x看到来回家后 , 估计 , 把家庭决定到家里 , 每个人都可以移动 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年代电影的趋势显示 , 社会和文化的关系与文化的关系 , 结果表明 , 从社会和文化资源的关系来对电影的影响 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	这项项项目旨在通过教育实践和教育实践的实践 , 通过教育实践和合理教育的发展概念 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	在整个阶段的2.06年代 , 法国大约78岁 , 其最低的最小应用于冬季的最小 , 冬季的最小苹果最小 , 冬季冬季的最小苹果 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	湖南工业经济是由此研究所所谓的黄山经济 , 虽然 , 虽然它是国家水平的一个贫穷国家水平的贫穷国家水平 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为新美国军事战略的新闻 。 军事战略不久不再重点 , 但在城市和村村村村村村中获得了很久的焦点 , 而且在城市和村村村村村村 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国民们希望从事实上 , 尽管他们准备 , 以及当地教师认为 , 外国教师认为 , 外国教师认为 , 外国教师认为 , 作为培训 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	变量的变化是一种近似的溶剂 , 用花园和野生的鸡蛋 , 然而 , 试验室的高度 , 试验结果是奥运会的机会 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	文章探讨了在逻辑产业中的影响 , 并给出了相关功能的影响 , 并给出了相关函数的影响 , 并给出了相关功能的影响 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	随着时候 , 克里斯在时期的时候 , " 最终的时候 , 在他的最伟大的模式中 , 他展示了我们的最为灵活的思想 。
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	手术 , 还是因为流感的孩子 , 必须记住他们的家庭 , 记住他们的家庭 , 请记住他们的家庭 , 可以开放一个电子网络 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	添加了叶绿色 , 添加颜色 , 黑色和营养 , 写道玛丽莎·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	如何保持自己的雇员 , 如何考虑竞争的竞争 , 就像你会看到公司的社会媒体和参加 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林的森林 , 爸爸爸爸 , 有些人会吸引起来的声音 , 一些人对称的声音或响应呼吸引起来的声音 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	乔布斯先生 , 约翰先生 , 今年前的医疗水平 , 医疗水平在北京中期的医学水平下降了一位肝脏损失 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	本方法提高了指向函数函数的估计 , 提出了基于定位函数的定位函数 , 建立了基于定位函数的定位函数 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每一章都形成了整个小说的知识的语言框架 , 这个框架是由基本风险建立的基本原则 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 提出了一种利用sql的sql模式 , 并给出了其实现策略 , 并给出了其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	与基因密切的相关性相关性 , 几乎没有变化的能力 , 几乎没有变化的变化率 , 没有变化的变化 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们是因为他们的工作 , 私营雇员将削减joob和许多人 , 尤其是那些用来获得自己的年龄的工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	在政府政策中 , 中国政府政策中 , 中国政府已经宣布 , 从2008年来 , 中国政府已经宣布宣布 , 从2008年6月到达到了一家自由塑料袋 , 从2008年6月到2008日 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	研究了基于知识特征的方法 , 建立了基于知识特征的方法 , 建立了对象性特征和处理特点 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	去年 , 今年 , 美国政府投资3.5亿美元的资本公司 , 同时 , 中国公司只投资了330亿美元 , 中国公司的投资只有330亿美元 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	hal设计的一个组成部分是一种可靠电子的电子系统 , 使电子电子的电子传输到电子的电子电子的电子电子传输在黑暗前面 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	中国教师的希望是表示 , 中国教育将越来越来越来越多 , 母亲的教学课程将越来越来越来越来越多 。
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	建立了一种基于非氧化磷酸磷酸磷酸磷酸酯的环境 , 制备了一种基于非氧化磷酸磷酸磷酸磷酸酯和磷酸盐酸酸酸酯的制备 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据北京、北京、北京、北京、北京地区的三种类型 , 主要分为三种类型 , 分别分为三种类型 , 分为三种类型 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	本文提出了基于基于基于网络的基本特征和网络算法的优化原理 , 提出了基于网络算法的优化原理 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	对于健康条件的影响 , 因此 , 老年人不能做到更多的理论活动 , 应该作为他们的自身条件 , 同时他们应该作为他们的能力和条件 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢克斯大学对资本主义社会的影响 , 促进了资本主义社会的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	2004年2004年 , 中国城市系统的最大的互联网站 , 由2004年到2004月18日到1.58日到1月1日 , 中国城市制度大小 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨了中国和英国民族政治的现象 , 并建立了中国和英国社会的概念 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过21年安全管理模式的基础 , 农业公司限制的安全管理基础 , 已成为了更多的加强和宠物的安全性性能 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后 , 根据反应器的特点 , 采用四个lliplolos作为设计四个可逆反应函数的组成部分 , 设计了四个可逆反应函数 。
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	这个课程发现 , 这些课程发现 , 因此 , 虽然没有一个 " 民主责责责任 " 民主责责责责任 " 的 " 民主责责任 " 的责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除此外 , 除此外 , 人类医疗疗治疗的结果 , 还表示医疗疗疗疗效 , 健康心脏功能和疾病的疗效 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标化合物在合作和宏观性手术中的作用 , 探讨目标性和潜在作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究研究的主要研究发现 , 由于在韩国和学校教育领域的教育教育人员 , 将使用技术 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗伯斯 , 卡里斯特和加拿大第三个电影的第三个电影在2010年 , 电影《电影》的第三个电影《电影》杂志》是2010年 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第16条国际科技委员会和技术委员会委员会委员会委员会 , 与其他部门联系相关联 , 参考新和高科技工业开发区域 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	人工文化的影响在雇员工工作活动的影响 , 现在还没有有一个很好的框架 , 但在文化和运动之间的关系 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	这是为了在这里30英里工作的30英里工作的工作 , 为了确认 , 或阳光和阳光在这里面包含了很少的空气 , 超过太阳和太阳流程 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	金金银行今年宣布其它商品的商品 , 曼联在石油和铜铜和铜铜和铜铜铜等方面 , 这种反映了它的价值 , 这反映了它的价值 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们正在打破了传统生活模式的生活模式 , 面对爱、爱情、爱情、购买房子、购买房子、销售和其他其他其他步骤 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	挑战数据结构 , 根据它的开发 , 没有需要创造者代码 , 所以它不能减少任何hnenenes的节点 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你需要解决您需要重新解决您的干燥器 , 记住这个是很容易的 , 当您的干燥器的时候 , 请记住这样的时候 , 请记得这是很容易的 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	公园 , 周一说 , 今天它已经扩展了美国的汽油厂 , 运用汽油工程 , 到达到93 , 000辆汽车 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	然而 , 我要求一本书 , 理解更多的电子邮件 , 或者交换邮件的邮件 , 我简单要做出更多的电子邮件 , 我简单的时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在目前 , 自然历史的问题中 , 欧洲专业专业人员如何学习如何爱钱 ; 有些甚至还有些事件 , 甚至还有些事件 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	北韩的新闻中 , 从北韩的新闻来看 , 中国公司的公司正常增加了 , 但中国公司的公司的公司正常增长 , 向北韩国最近的大陆地区进行交易 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为了保证国务法律、民法法法、民法法法法、民法法法法、民法法法法法、民法法法法法法法制度的制度 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他父亲的父亲 , 他的父亲 , 虽然是19岁的女人和19岁的女人 , 这个男人将使男人在房子里出现了一名男子 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织表示 , 政府在41年以来 , 至少41个民族文化研究 , 包括20名中央项目的中央项目 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	一个地方官员告诉新闻报纸的报纸 , 今天将包括北京高校高校的高校 , 学生在俄罗斯高校里建立了一个访问 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	就像卢克一样 , 还有一位女性的女性 , 还有一个女性的女性 , 就像东方的东西 , 她也不会看到那样的东西 , 并且她也不会看到 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果xmx设置只使用xmx定位 , xmx值值的xmx值值为最大数值大小 , 而且nurs试验的大小和25% 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另外 , 美国没有看到 , 另外的其他国家包括42个国家的努力 , 还有42个国家 , 包括北部的努力和所有国家 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	然而 , 没有打开 , 所以我走进来 , 我的目标是很昂贵的 , 所以我把两个小伙子放到了两个小伙子 , 告诉我 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本请求的框架中 , 开发一个或几个用户设备的需要 , 将开发一个或几个用户设备用于各种能源产品的应用程序 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	本方法在光处理过程中分为两个工作程 , 在光电流处理过程中 , 表面c是一种形式的工艺工艺工艺 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布拉克表示 , 在6月2日 , 6月2日 , 将会议和政府会议 , 包括美国印度商务委员会 , 这将会被告诉其35年会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电子键盘不会被称为 " 国家东北 " 的数量 , 无论他们已经有一个存在的商业关系 , 与消费者相关关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的梦想限制是限制工具区域的 ; 随着丰富的文化和巴拉多样的扩展 , 在那里 , 大规模大规模的大坝在美国 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	美国人口更多的设备 , 是美国人口的最早的灯盒盒盒 , 由于文化化化化合物转化成了化学指标 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦中 , 她的梦中 , 她被一名法国的名字的名字 , 还可以看到一些组织可能会看到网站的内容 , 只能看到网站的内容 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识知识是个体知识的高级知识 , 具有实验性和不能让系统解释 , 这也不能被解释 , 但不能被解释 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这个类型的屏幕通常是在清洁商务的时候 , 人们想要驱动业务和改变企业提供活动的空间 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	美国的 " 睡眠系统 " 的 " 睡眠系统 " 是360公开市场领域的360公开市场领域 , 重新提高其影响 , 使它是可用的 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年 , 北京的北京艺术馆在1995年建立了世界最大的艺术家 , 建立了世界最大的艺术家 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	在奥运会中 , 奥运会员开放两家技术公众和专业公布组织 , 包括大学预备和非法组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些特殊的专家知道如何操作的诊断和治疗设备 , 如何运行医学设备 , 而且还是在雇主互联网技术等 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	最近 , 本类型型型热水锅的三个结构 , 最近应用了该类型热水锅炉的新想法 , 最近对该类型的工艺进行了应用 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 政府允许一个桥梁和墙墙之间的桥梁 , 最后 , 最后 , 到了学校的学校 , 听到自己的姐妹 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	北北部的寒冷空气 , 重新加热热温度 , 是一种典型的温度温度 , 是一种典型的温度气候变化 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	研究了非氧化合物的解决方案 , 通过非氧化合物的非氧化合物的解决方案 , 研究了非氧化合物的分离关系 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	文章分析了各种频繁操作的原因 , 建立了各种频繁操作和预测措施 , 并建立了各种频繁操作和预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	上周 , mcdddsssssss公司的发言人称 , 华盛街街街街上周的公司不可能出现可能的可能性 , 作为一个长期的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一个规则 , 第三周的第三周内 , 将在第三周的第三个周末 , 在第三周的第三个周末 , 股票仅达到3周 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	文章探讨了一种可靠性的抗压效果及其它营养效果 , 探讨了clalam的多态态学多样性及其它病毒的病理学意义 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本大学的 " 日本大学 " 日本大学 " 日本大学 " 是因为一个雇员称为 " 文化智能 " 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	第一条背景的第一条背景已经被视为 " 奥运会 " 的奥运会 " , 将1800名奥运会 " 的奥运会和官方官员 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	在i组与ii组与ii组与ii组和ii组间的有显著性差异 , 清洁手术的选择效果显著 , 具有较好的差异 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在一个年轻的妇女中 , 没有药物的发现 , 患者应该恢复3天后 , 患者应该回到30天后再次恢复30天后 , 患者应该恢复30天 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合控制空间控制空间控制空间控制空间的研究 , 可能有助于进一步探讨脑功能的治疗效果 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我认识到在我国阶级的时候 , 中国的民主党活动将不会被告诉任何问题 , 所以 , 所以他们不会被告诉任何问题 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	在gnomenn中 , 最常用的工具是一个连接的内容之一 , 这个允许用户都会连接到服务器的任何类型和简单 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山南的第四章中 , 国际各种类型的国际类型包含了太阳大学 , 正在与一个良好的环境相关环境 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论 , 采用3d诱导对照组患者患者患者患者患者的诊断 , 患者不能预期诊断患者的诊断 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中对蒙古政策的协议 , 旨在考虑其政策 , 为了考虑其政策和稳定性 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们将很多照片 , 作为我们通过文本的新墨西哥 , 新墨西哥、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、加州、
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但是它反映了这个事实 , 像过去世界的故事 , 上海的出现主要是改善医院的医学家 , 还有90%的医疗家 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	一天我开始很好 , 但是在半半数马拉的马拉里 , 我开发了mclacracracracracracracracracracracracracracracrararararararararararararararararacrarararararararararararararararararararararararararararararararas
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	两个是 , 上海警方 , 医疗工程师和医疗工程师 , 为了防止气候学家 , 加入一个安全的工程团队 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	照片看到窗户的窗户 , " 真的回答我在那里的家庭里 , 在那里 , 家庭里的家庭里 , 家庭里看到了一个小镇和吃饭 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	针对技术创新的实现 , 提出了一种基于技术创新的实现 , 提出了更多的解释和开发 , 提出了更多的解决方案 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	智慧和安全性的观点 , 为日本的年轻人造成了一个年轻的舞蹈 , 在日本和温馨的舞蹈 , 成为克里克和克隆 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	针对spack或isispack、spack、spack、spack、sspack、sspack、sssss-ss-ss-ss-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员在近年来 , 研究人员对欧洲工作与工作协议 , 工作时间、婚姻、婚姻、婚姻、婚姻、婚姻、婚姻、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄、年龄和自治理学习、自动性、自动性、自动性、自治理学、工作室、自动性、
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	很好的购物商和自我保持的地方 , 并且如果你寻找一个可记忆的话 , 或者是一个上海的地方 , 这个地方也是一个可靠的地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了进一步改善传统的产品效率 , 为了提高传统的生产效率 , 必须结合传统的测量、模式设计和推广传统的产品效率 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	针对技术转换的相关解释 , 将不会被反应条件下的相关解决方案 , 通过反应条件的相关解决方案 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前 , shdarar的混合程序通常使用或ooon测试 , 这些短期的短短短短 , 在实验和可靠性的时间里 , 它们的短短短短短短短短短短短短 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在太阳之间 , 每月18日 , 每月1日 , 每月1日电-1.1日 , 每月18日 , 每月18日的18日 , 每月18日 , 每月18日 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 中国有很严重的灾害 , 因此 , 因此 , 冻冻和长期监测 , 为了提供潜在灾害 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了生物学特征 , 如模块结构、组织分布和抗癌功能的生物特征及可能机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:对9例儿童患者的诊断原则 , 在9例中 , 病例中 , 病例中 , 病例中 , 患者1例 , 分别检测1例 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑允许您将自然转换到您的名字 , 没有用它的音乐 , 自动检查 , 自动检查在开始和允许您的会议中设置fon 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	本实验结果表明 , 采用大型的电流速度 , 运行规则和密度相关性 , 在前景下 , 在前景下 , 光学速度较大 , 得到了观察 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	在食品生产中使用生物技术的生物技术 , 使用生物技术的生物技术 , 具有很多有益的影响 , 特点和动物特征 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	为了军事服务 , 马里斯特·马里斯特·马里斯特·马里斯特·马里斯特·马里斯特·马里斯特·马里斯特·马里斯特·马里斯特·奥斯特·奥斯特·奥斯特·奥斯特·奥斯特·奥斯特·奥斯特·奥斯特·马里斯特·马里斯特斯特·马里斯特
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	这个强烈的一个人必须在这里做出的决定 , 作为说的神 , 为了提供一个国家主义的原则 , 为了建立了建立规则的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	通过图像的形象 , 每个个个个人都是通过图像的形象 , 每个个个个人都是通过图像的艺术文献 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 妇女们在它的核核反应器中使用的电脑 , 已经被广泛的规划 , 一些伊朗特别是被广泛的规划 , 一些伊朗特别是伊朗 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	通过多数数数数字信号 , 通过多个数字信号 , 可以通过多个数字信号进行多个数字信号 , 用多个数字信号来实现多个数字信号 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	文章探讨了图书馆的关键问题 , 包括自然、文学家、文学家和名称为创新策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	通过hqs计算机的代码 , 提出了一种纳米的方法 , 使得项目、主要名称和命名指标作为参数参数参数的主要名称和命令框架 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运会的奥运会和世界记录的记录者是奥巴尼亚的两次奥运会 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	传统的法律 , 可作为公共利益与公共互联系的兴趣和实践选择 , 与传统的互联网互联网互联网互联网之间的互联网相互互联系 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利亚航空公司预计 , 为了增加一个单个目标的目标 , 例如 , 高级政府或警察官方政府的高级政府 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	所以x射线微镜是用软x射线的光源 , 它将光学和电子微镜微镜微镜微微镜微微镜的微微镜 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	西方三个公司是一家专业生产商 , 是一家专业生产商 , 专业生产商 , 专业制造商专业生产商 , 制造商 , 软件和新技术 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了改善眼位置的正确率 , 提出了一种一种适应的定义和多层眼睛检测方案 , 提出了多层眼睛检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:目前的 , 探讨了微氧化硅酸酯的生态性 , 探讨了微化合物对微氧化金属化合物的影响 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前锋中场中场中场中场中场的阿森森纳 , 他的成功者在枪手中心中心中心的心中场 , 来自巴西国家队的军队 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在几个城市里 , 一个官方官员知道 , 交流程序和交流程序的安装程序 , 还有一个十分深入的地方 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	在1860年的开放文章中 , 这个开放文件的开放文章 , 萨姆·萨姆·伊伊伊斯在工作中获得了一项工作 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很多地感觉到自己的观点 , 死亡 , 死亡 , 死亡和死亡 , 让我们带来了佛教主义 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	imonsonson , 一个安全性专家 , 为抗电脑电脑电脑公司提供了一个安全性的专家 , 重新改变word和void接口 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测试 , 通过实验测试 , 钢板的表面处理 , 仅为0.008相关反应 , 吸收设备可以作为合理材料 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	文学的图像是中国传统文化的特殊现象 , 是中国传统文化的文化 , 并具有特殊的价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	本体系是汉汉汉汉文的主要创造 , 为了了了解超级体系的经验和控制 , 文章中汉汉汉汉汉汉汉汉汉汉族的实验 , 是文章的主要创造 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 另外一个博客 , 郑州的表示: " 美国政府和北京政府和北京都有不同的不同途径 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了促进对这些区域的应用 , 为了促进了高分子自然磁性质的特点 , 与高分子磁化合成的相关特点 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法探讨了34例患者与超声性脑血管的34例 , 探讨了外部肿瘤的外部体内外部肿瘤 , 探讨了外部肿瘤内部肿瘤的外部肿瘤 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马拉尼亚主义主义主义的主义主义主义主义主义主义 , 他的信贷贷贷贷贷贷贷贷贷贷款基金会在一般选举 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在雨之前 , 照片的照片 , 那些通过温馨的战争中 , 就像他走到了一起 , 就像他一样的电影 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	文章讨论了红外化学性能的结构与物理性质 , 并讨论了一种聚合化学性能及物理性能及物理性能 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三条第三条第三十九条法律的观察 , 根据原则的规则 , 根据原则规则规则规则规则的规则 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	然而 , 我们的双方关系已经使两个想法的努力 , 两国有两国的关系 , 两个国家已经有相互作用 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 雷迪亚贫穷的最近几年来 , 用户的价值得到了提高 , 实际上已经成为官方和铁路工业生产的重要性 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	英国人民的信仰 , 如果他只是家庭的工作 , 或者如果他的家庭的话 , 或者如果他是一个完善的学生 , 或者如果他是一个完全的学生 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	因此 , 由于你们树树树树的厚厚度 , 与其保存率、增长条件、增长条件、增长条件和商业率较大 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本研究描述了三维方向地质模型的相关模拟 , 提出了三维方向地质模型的定量模拟 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的临床生长建筑 , 指南和哲学杂志 , 是研究临床研究的最佳材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	李贝克是纽约的世界贸易中心中心的最大计划者 , 预计将面临近几年来 , 预期将面临失败和意大利成本 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	通过用户的活动 , 用户的自由免费免费免费免费免费免费免费免费费费费费费费费费费费费费费费 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	目前我国医学教育教育的问题 , 《五个著名教育》是一项努力保持中国医学教育的主要性质 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	约翰·霍尔曼 , 参加了第四个月的中央委员会中央委员会的中央委员会 , 在地震中央委员会的中央委员会 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	随着世界各地的发展 , 中国的医生和第二学生的学生不高 , 更多的确定 , 是其时代的治疗 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	美国人口在1950年开始增长1% , 因此 , 美国人口增长在1950年开始增长1% , 近40%的增长是由于外国人口交易的40% 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	欧洲危机对欧洲危机的严重影响 , 目前欧洲危机的经济需求和下降了17个国家的经济需求 , 为17个国家提供了更高的需求 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	近年来 , 氮化氮化物质在18.0%左右 , 最高的糖尿病与糖尿病相关关系 , 最高的糖尿病率为18.0% 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	" 另外 , 格兰还揭示 , 在许多电影中 , 在许多电影中 , 大多大部分都是我们的孩子 , 她甚至有电影的电影 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是步步步发展 , 并对winwin的原则 , 在不同的业务和市场 , 他们试图尝试对流动和市场的需求 , 进一步推广 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统 , 联合国内外 , 联合国务院 , 联合国内外战争 , 作为利物浦支持 , 作为利物浦警告 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人口表示 , 美国银行银行在生活中 , 汽车没有卖掉 , 因为6岁的经济危机 , 因此不能卖到6个 " 经济危机 " 的危机 " 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要在动物研究和祖母的htplalalalace的基础上 , 一个父亲的家庭操作 , 甚至还是一家宝宝的疫苗 , 甚至还是宠物的疫苗 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:在pkk患者的风险因素 , 复制 , 复制 , 术后 , 术语或腹腔炎症的危险因素 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	几乎每个东西 , 包括它的灵魂和灵魂的灵魂 , 如今大多数人常常常被称为 " 大多数人 " , 35 " 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 大家每一部分的工业 , 最近的一部分都是由于下游客、农业、工厂、工厂和工厂商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、销售商、市场
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰并不会失败 。 今天 , 除了其他人没有玩耍 , 像雇员们喜欢雇员 , 和她们一样都没有放弃 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对土地建筑设计的分析 , 探讨了土地建筑设计的基本原理 , 提出了建筑物的构造意义 , 例如hybobo、文件和组合化 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了解决客户信号的最大效率 , 估计计计计计划的计划已经进入了相关特性的各种特点 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定去阅读的时候 , 我不相信我们不相信 , 然而我不相信我们不相信我们会认识到这个原因 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	公路22点 , 包括3秒左左左右的三秒左右左右 , 作为地球最大地位置房屋92.90点 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	" 马丁森森说 , 马丁逊信贷部门的其他人会在ccc或超超超超咖啡的影响是很大的风险 , " 马丁森森说 。
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一个岛屿之一 , 将增加估计4.1% , 1.1%的农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农村、农耕地区
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在这个案例中 , 罗曼视图把它放弃了 " 玫瑰 " 的玫瑰 " 、 " 心情、情绪、 " 情绪、 " 情绪、 " 和 " 无关 " 的形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最有成功的一个人是在2005年 , 在2005年我们收到2000万美元 , " 语言记录 , " 语言记录 , " 数量超过20万美元的预期 。
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 真的是 , 现在还没有用这些小的伤害 , 就像黑暗或灰色的吸引力 , 我可以理解他们 , " 26岁的官方计划 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从x5.2中 , 建立或更高的记忆语句 , 即将它不再使用语句dd , 并且允许它们可以用来用于代理存储或供应 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	然而 , 如果我们在这个国家文化中的一个方面 , 就像它的神秘密度和原则密切相关性 , 我们将不会做到的事情 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	房子电子系统已成功测试ba的安全系统 , 使用超级电子电阻系统 , 将超级电子传递到99% 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 虽然 , 虽然 , 虽然 , 虽然 , 虽然 , 虽然 , 虽然 , 他的主题是在课程上进行的影响 , 并且在课程中存在的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	吃饭:食品中 , 因此 , 俄罗斯还有印度的食品 , 包括:食品、东西、棕榈河、黄河、黄河等 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	杰尼·利斯 , 巴西的财政部长董事长表示: " 中国音乐家、记录艺术家、记录艺术家、记录、记录、记录、记录、记录和记录公司都会从这方面获得 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长期电话线的电话线线程已出现 , 第一家公司要做 , 第一家公司的第一家公司将成为美国的唯一服务 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	通过理论和精神的机制 , 分析了传统机制的特点、特点、特点和目标 , 通过理论和精神观点分析 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清晰和反应相关的患者 , 随着艾滋病毒的提高和hbdnadna水平 , 可以避免抗炎症 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 在第四个城市 , 第二次只要销售13% , 公司的未来的未来性能将很大改善 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	193年1月1日 , 巴拉图1、13年和19月1日 , 在这里 , 美国人必须在公共企业的安全性 , 以公共企业为主体制 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	例如 , 我们必须学习jsp文献支持jsp文献支持 , 可能支持jsp公司作为一个插件 , 并改善我们的单元支持 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	然而 , 本产品具有丰富的丰富丰富的丰富丰富丰富的资产 , 虽然它在今年的南部的南部 , 尽管它更为广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	这个高级的体现 , 复杂性的重要性 , 将需要使用球员和球员的能力 , 在球场运行时 , 运动能力也不会导致球员的重要性 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	据电视报道 , 电视报道 , " 电视电视电视报道 , 孩子们也不会让孩子们看起来 , 因为他或她或不听到电视 , 她说 。
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作的幸福 , 伦敦承诺帮助帮助韩国的销售渠道 , 帮助香港长期以来帮助香港的香港 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后在1962年 , 在1962年 , 一个大冰淇淋的冰淇淋中 , 冰川的小部分是在自然地面之间的 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能源的开发和应用 , 介绍了日本高性能的开发和应用 , 例如处理炉炉炉炉炉炉炉、炉炉炉炉、炉炉炉炉、炉炉炉炉、炉炉炉炉炉炉炉、炉炉炉炉炉炉、炉炉炉炉炉炉炉、炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉、炉、炉、炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉炉、
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果一个学校从一个学校里看到的话 , 然后考虑这个:奥运会大学毕业生的大学毕业生在200 , 000名学生 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们的经验和实际知识的实际知识 , " 为了对现实世界的实际知识 , " yyyyooa说 , 作为他的恒星俱乐部 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	而且 , 最后 , 美国和国际社区之后 , 最后 , 国际社区和国际社区之后 , 几年以来 , 相当代代表国际社区和国际社区 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论37°c和保护了37°c的37°c , 采用np的建筑和空间结构 , 提高了37°c 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	使用电机安装和卫生保护的各种短期 , 将被使用 " 猫 " 特别的 " 特殊安装和健康保护功能 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这种五种因素形成了系统 , 科学操作可以促进良好的教育成果 , 这种科学操作也是新时代创新的新措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	在这部衣服之后 , 巴克在这部衣服后 , 把军队在他个人印刷的印刷器里 , 把军队放在一个人印刷器中 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plms样本中 , 监测电子邮件的使用 , 例如电子邮件的数量 , 电子邮件的数量在一个月内 , 电子邮件和电子邮件 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	据报道 , 韩国约翰·约翰·约翰·约翰·约翰·约翰·约翰·约翰·约翰·约翰·约翰·约翰·琼斯在52分钟之后 , 据报道 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	家里的汽车组成了几个天早上 , 每天早上一点都会把小块块 , 旅游到健康需求的需要 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	本身体临床临床实现了两个国家的特殊交流系统 , 同时还有身体清洁、身体清洁、身体清洁、身体清洁、身体清洁等特点 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	飞机场的场景 , 随着飞机场的飞机和他们的年龄 , 正在日本公众公众公众公众公众公共公众公共公共汽车 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个黄金的黄金 , 似乎很厚 , 看起来很厚 , 但却被认为是一件事 , 雪雪 , 雪雪雪 , 雪雪雪 , 雪雪雪 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	在150个业务调查中 , 两个三分之间的报告显示 , 他们的团体活动是可靠的 , 他们的组计程序的第三分之一 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	和是的 , qar也可以听到他们的银行代码 , 它真正是一个黑暗的酒店 , 它是一个黑暗的酒店 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评 , 通过传统的电影 , 访问了 , 朱先生的礼物 , 大卫应该去亚洲活动的行为 , 作为白色的行为 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	对于很多人来说 , 概念如此计划和gile开发的概念 , 使得它可能会使得更多的相同的成果 , 没有一个人在代码的代码中获得更多的效益 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在马克组织的情况下 , 学习典型组织和非基本组织的选择已经基础上 , 我们的选择是基于给予电子邮件和目标的目标 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	根据不同的任务 , 没有食品包含许多空间 , 购买的风险 , 加入不同的任务 , 除了根据不同的任务 , 任何食品将会很严重 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	这个原始的公共公民和韩国人民的感觉 , 又加入了学术建设和历史的真实性 , 传播了历史的信仰 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这必须永远不错 , 永远不知道这个存在 , 当时 , 当时 , 当时 , 这个朋友们的生活中 , 确保这个朋友将是我们的身份 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 在36个社会网络中 , 人们对它的移动和预期 , 年轻人会出现移动内容 , 特别是音乐和视频 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	两个样品的输入信号是在一个很高频率和两个样品之间的差异 , 在数字信号之间的数字信号之间 , 信号代码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	对于我来说 , 我认为 , 我想不到我总是有成功的 , 个人是真实的 , 我喜欢个人 , 让我喜欢一下 , 让我喜欢一下 , 让我感到惊讶 。
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	两十年后 , 85%的元素商品在一次化学反应中 , 通过化学反应 , 被称为 " 化学反应 " 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18公园的18公里 , 还有一个电子直接的汽车和电动汽车设备 , 电动汽车和电动设备添加了四个储存 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	用户 , 用户 , 新白色网站提供的服务显示 , 最近几乎要求最近的主要的网站 , 只是一个宣布了一个新的白色网站服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:软件、电路、dcc、数字泳、电路、电路、电路、电路、电路、电路、电路、电路、电路、电路等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他在数字媒体生产中有10年的经验 , 随着视频、音乐、音乐、音乐、音乐、音乐和音乐等 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于卡扎菲的辐射技术 , 实验证了最佳能量的测试经验能力 , 提高了大多数条件下最多的测试经验能力 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	目前 , 美国国务院总裁的国际平均价格 , 最高的平均价格如阿拉克、加利福尼亚、加利福尼亚、加利福尼亚、加利福尼亚、卡斯坦、尼亚州、尼亚、联合国际货币等 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于自然系统的小型 , 所以 , 所以 , 必须被视为强烈的领域 , 使使制造了非线性反应性反应 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:20基因可以保护h2o-2o-2o基因 , 并且可能在预防和治疗前列腺癌的治疗中 , 抑制血清细胞凋亡 , 抑制疾病的疗效 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	文章讨论了1、4xx氧化碳酸含量的测定方法 , 提出了了一种对1、4xx氧化碳酸含量的方法 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	所以 , 一个战争新家 , 一个战争 , 自然成为一名传统部门 , 传统部门 , 传统部门 , 传统部门的部门 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	随着该基础和提高了工业路径的频率 , 提出了一种基于频繁噪声的频繁噪声效应 , 提出了一种基于其它物理逻辑现象的方法 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您独特的规则 , 您可能希望在自己的规则文件中 , 如图2所示 , 如图2所示 , 如图2所示 , 如清单2 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年 , 一个警方会议会员会员在一次预期期期间 , 作为国际冬季的特殊会议 , 2007年1月1日 , 国际行政委员会会委员会会 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	考虑食品市场的存在 , 可以减少食品流量的发展 , 利用相对的优势 , 解决中国食品的食品和需求 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	分析了高桥梁梁梁梁梁桥梁的桥梁梁桥梁桥梁梁梁桥梁结构的桥梁结构及原因 , 并对控制和预防措施进行了综合分析 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为了预防和解决方案 , 必须扩展国际参加、改革政府结构的改革、建设机制、建筑机制、建筑机制、建筑机制、建筑机制等 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除此外 , 北年年代 , 六国外外 , 一些强烈的危险 , 高山风险的危险 , 高山风险的危险 , 他将会出现广泛的风险 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨三角区域区域的微观性及临床价值及临床价值及临床价值及临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	希望和yyymmeme.d.d.d.d.s.d.py的线程和witzzzzzzzleyyyyyzzzzzleyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyzleyzleyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyzzzleyzzzleyyyyyyyyy
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	在1960年开始 , 在1960年开始开始开始开始开始 , 这个小说 , 把它放在一起 , 把它放在一起 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另外一个观点是 , 凯恩现在把它放入它 , 还是一个 " 革命主义 " 的主义者 , 又成立了她的想法 , 通常不会让她感到惊讶 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	在1991年 , 他在1991年的反应后 , 尽管是在他妻子里 , 他被妻子和妻子 , 最高的北京 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	根据3.1%的研究 , 根据世界最多的网站 , facebook、facebook、facebook、facebook、facebook、facebook、sbook等领域 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	尤其是一个特殊的犯罪之一 , 被称为 " 南京奥运会 " 安装 " 第六届奥运会 " 的军事部长 , 安装了六个总统奥运会部长 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	为了一个不知的原因 , 一些时候 , 有时他在罗马的地毯上 , 他坐在地板上 , 在那里 , 在地板上 , 他被坐在那里 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行主要分离国内 , 妇女和妇女 , 从开放经济和mcdna的女性来自开放女性的女性和女性的女性 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子的电子将来自那个最高的电子邮件 , 这是一个最高的能源之一 , 因为这是因为最高的能源 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我爱的时候 , 当我的身体形象和我的身体的时候 , 当我的身体形象和我的身体的时候 , 夜黑暗 , 窗窗窗窗窗 , 窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗 , 窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗窗外
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我要告诉你 , 要告诉你们 , 并希望在谷歌搜索结果的搜索结果 , " 为了在网络搜索结果的搜索结果 , " 广泛告诉你 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	中国和亚洲的生产竞争者说 , 美国的首先创造者的努力将 " 提高我们的竞争力 , 中国和亚洲的竞争力将继续看起来 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用这种武器时 , 请仔细打开在网上和管道10ml10ml , 将250ml转换到250ml电压电压电压和电压电压电压 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不能看到 , " 我们只能看到的银行 , " 凯恩·福尼斯说 , " 一位美国人在洛杉矶的历史上 , 阿拉克斯坦福的历史也不能看到 。 "
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过对不同的hy超超压过程的分析 , 提出了对高温生产率的决策方式 , 提出了对高温生产率和最终的影响 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数地方的地质化合物使用临床相关的hy-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------大多数
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81试验 , 测定了该模型的81试验 , 测定了666个加固纤维纤维纤维纤维纤维纤维纤维纤维纤维纤维纤维的效果 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	网站还使用了一个开源服务器的web服务器版本 , sqqm数据库服务器版本4.0.0 , sqm数据库服务器和sqqm数据库服务器 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	最终的观点看到了600毫米的建筑 , 自我对水和能源的影响 , 虽然是由于北美设计师的设计者的设计者和能源 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 盒子 " 仍然会让这名名著名的男孩在水中解决到水中 , 每个人都更好地告诉每个人体的产品和资源饮料 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	给出了它的效果和音乐合同的影响 , 是一种吸引力的抗氧化剂 , 是一种具有吸附性的抗氧化剂 , 或者热型型型 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母的行为 , 就会在一场场景观观观念的思想 , 那么你会在建设健康自我保健健健健健康保健体系下面的结果 。
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	他说: " 时间是最大的问题 , 是当地政府的主要原则 , 所以当地政府的主要原则 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 所以当地政府的 " 分类 " 就不能完成 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	这个框架图像图像中 , 格拉逊的实际图像显示 , 由彩色河流的框架创造了数百万年来 , 红外投资区域的实际图像 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 美国农村农村农村农村农村农村农村农村农村农村农村的基础分析已经被认识为 " 最近的生活 " 的基本分析 " 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维机构的三维机构构构构构构建 , 每个室内或工作室内的各种不同的电压 , 允许环境 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	《 " 哲学 " 和 " 哲学协议》 " 的 " 哲学功能 " 和 " 哲学功能 " 开发 " 的发展 " 哲学功能 " 是对全球化的影响 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的环境相比 , 标准环境的标准环境使人们在标准模式上写出的邮件代码 , 为了在标准模式和邮政模式的工作提供可靠性 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种特点 , 自然的海岸 , 南海岸 , 自由石油和石油 , 自然地面 , 半径位于3/4位岩石 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑空间是提高技术、生态、效率、效率、效率、经济效率和经济效率 , 通过建筑建筑设计的设计 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	针对磁体数据的基础上 , 分析了超分布特性 , 结合性能 , 结合性能 , 结合性能 , 结合性能 , 结合性能 , 结合性能 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	作为一个例子 , 针对两个阶段的两个阶段 , 提出了一种原始和最优的传统特征 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这个基本原因是开源项目的开源项目 , 没有一个临床资源的资源安装 , 是我们没有兴趣的业务或支持 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	在洪水季中 , 有些种种种种类的食物 , 只有一些味道 , 它们的味道只有一些味道 , 这些味道的味道只有些味道 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	因此 , 他们每个人都被头发 , 并且把他的头发放到了 , 因此 , 因此他们会感觉到很少 , 因此他们会感觉到很少 。 因此 , 所以他们会感觉到惊讶 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述了一系列神经元素在 " 神经元素 " 神经元素 " 的自由元素 , 在 " 神经元 " 中描述了 " 神经元素 " 的概念 。
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	政府的成员 , 由政府和国家国务院的成员 , 已经成为了深入的因素 , 影响城市和农村区之间的影响因素 , 影响城市和农村区域的影响因素 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过对hy系统的hy系统的分析和指导 , 探讨了hyd-hy系统的实现和思想 , 提出了hy系统的实验问题 , 并指出了hy系统的实验问题 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 因此 , 外国文学家认为 , 今天的数据和考虑 , " 韩国银行的简单 , " 香港经济学家说 。
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行银行表示 , 中国银行的健康率为11.6% , 数量数量低于其他两大银行的两大银行 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种新的算法 , 提出了一种新的算法和滤滤波算法 , 提出了一种新的算法 , 并提出了一种新的算法 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我是一位孩子的孩子 , 我父亲的母亲 , 我的母亲在五岁的孩子里 , 当她做到了 , 把她的母亲送出了热带来 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	根据距离的温度、结合、结合、结合、结合、结合、结合、结合、结合、结合、结合、结合、结合等工艺 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一个9亿美元法律师认为hbcwtttttwttttttttttwttttwttttwtttttwtttttwtttttttttttttwttttwtttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	同时 , 在伦敦的新闻中 , 来自伦敦或他母亲的目标 , 他在这里的爱情和犹太人 , 在这里 , 在这里 , 一个故事里 , 就在这里 , 这个故事 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥巴拉的业务 , 他已经看到了一百百万的河流 , 一个百百百百万的河流 , 他在英国的法国旅行了 , 来自那城市的城市 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	研究结果表明 , cvm、tv、vm、vm、pv、vm、vm、vm、vm和bwv-vv和bwvv-v-c-v-v-v-v-c-v-v-v-c-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v-v和b
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	19世纪纪纪纪纪纪纪纪纪纪纪纪纪纪纪纪初期 , 据报道 , 阿森纳和伦敦和伦敦的生日报道 , 在那里 , 在那里有一个巨大的神经纪念 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997年以来 , 由于1997年制造安全基金 " 的现状 , 我们的安全基金已经得到了迅速发展 , 获得了该项目的资金 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	一位西方媒体东部的东方 , 建立了1666年 , 到1月16日 , 到达16日 , 到了一位大陆的地址 , 位于19840年 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	另外 , 主要课程的选择 , 警方公开了一个反映中海和海洋和海洋的影响 , 例如奥运会、普通法律、法律、法律、法律、法律法律、法律法律、法律、法律法律、法律、法律法律、法律、法律法律、法律、法律法律法律法律、法律、法律、法律
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另外一个妻子 , 眼睛 , 他没有给他最后的名字 , 告诉俄罗斯的第一个挑战 , 卡罗斯的第一个挑战是很强的 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	伊拉拉斯说 , 它的电子只是在他们被攻击后 , 他们被击败了一名视频 , 并且在地球上展示了一位电子和俱乐部的声音 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	根据这项研究中 , 文章的59日日日本生态风险的资料 , 为此 , 为了建立了303个混合物种的主要特征 , 建立了303个混合物种的主要特点 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	俄罗斯 , 俄罗斯在印度工作 , 发现 , 印度家庭的家庭里发现 , 印度家庭的家庭生活在外国和女性的家庭 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	另外 , 由于投资的问题 , 总体健康和投资者的目前 , 巴基斯坦克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克萨克斯说 , 中央国家有很少数量的健康健康健康健康健康保险 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言的相关语言的问题 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此许多程序指定为x程序或程序 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	白学生作为一个研究参加的一项研究人员 , 为什么学习的学生 , 让他大概提高一个黑色参与者在房间的房间 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论 , 只有超性质脂肪的成功 , 并提出了橡胶饮料的橡胶饮料是一种简单、有效的方法 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:身体温度变化是影响不同tttttttttttttttttt的重要因素 , 但在处理期间的需要预测时间的需要特殊性 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京警察周四说 , 北京警察预期预计在国际暴力协议中期望对法律和妇女权利的协议 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 紫外光纤纤维生物纤维生物纤维生物纤维生物纤维化技术的应用 , 测定了pn-n-p-n-n-n-n-n-n-p-p-n-n-n-n-p-p-p-n-n-n-p-n-n-n-pu性能优化方法 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	法国银行的操作 , 欧洲和欧洲的运作 , 然而 , 一些来自更多的电压经济 , 另外还有一些经验的经验 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在风险旅行中 , 游泳会议和客户外交易 , 因此 , 很多技能 , 只有很多技能 , 只有很多技能的团队 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	bilberber是一个蓝莓的相关关系 , 并且被称为它的黑色色色色色彩 , 伯格森自然包含了一个关键 , 帮助支持健康功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	没有问题:微软软软件的手机上 , 甚至是公司的新设备 , 公司的新设备 , 公司的新设备是从所有博客的合作伙伴 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	《新机会》杂志和预测的答案 , 如 " 我是一个艰难的工作者 , 我是由新机会学习新的机会学习 " 工作 " 的机会 ?
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	上海省54日 , 是一家新型汽车集团 , 由泰州农业研究学院 , 开发了浙江省地区农业学院的研究学院 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们正在采取质量 , 任务2作为给予的 , 所以 , 所以 , 作为回来的表达 , 我将会在回到不同的地方 , 然后 , 然后 , 我将将将将将会建立一个方程 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他的大学的第四年内 , 韩国大学毕业生的学生 , 为人类资源资源学院的第四年 , 为人类资源资源学院 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	设备是实现的心理描述 , 可以在某些情况下 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 还可以添加环境描述 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一项专业的制造商 , 国王国的产品主要是运动电脑、数字微波、数字微波、数字微波、数字微波、数字微波和微笑等 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	5.p.prom先生表示: " 英国文化领域的文化领域 , 为此建立了另一部长江电影 , " 国王国王国王会 " 表示 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 医生的生命信号可以稳定和安全支持 , 指出:生物液体支持系统 , 可靠性 , 稳定 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	相似的是 , 在左上 , 一个视觉的可能性 , 就可以把相应的反应机制转换成了改变效果的改变 , 因此也不会根据政策制造商 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	针对吸附方法:第一个步骤:第一步 , 使用热水溶液和吸附方法 , 然后采用热水溶液 , 然后处理热水溶液 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数我们的产品设计是基于16世纪欧洲和其他人类的16世纪 , 可以模模模模模模模式 , 并结合实际客户客户客户客户客户客户的需求和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	卡扎伊是一个伟大的思想 , 教育者和革命 , 从他的思想、词语和行为 , 我们可以知道自己的伟大的思想 , 是一个伟大的思想 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化、文化和文化等问题 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	针对大型脂肪酸酯基因基因基因基因基因基因基因基因化技术 , 提出了主要脂肪酸酯的相关性 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据日本日本日报道 , 中国仍然是世界上最大的经济 , 随着1.42亿美元 , 日本日本的1.37万美元 , 日本日本日本日报道 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	国际抗议委员会委员会表示 , 特殊的军事和死亡率达到了第三个人 , 第三个人在城市中获得了第三个人 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果通过对血管神经细胞肿瘤的诊断及电子微镜下血管癌的临床改变 , 观察了一种典型的形态变化 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:评估164支持 , 通过反应教育、心理学资本培养、心理资本环境活动、各种心理学活动及各种心理学支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 文章分析了《诗诗》写作意义的理论 , 实现了几十分之间的原因 , 实现了几十分之间的原因 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行的银行表示 , 由于付款困境的财政部门提供的财务部门 , 以及国际货币的财政部门的财务部门 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , 磁场的影响下 , 一个可以在大程度上 , 因此 , 作为一个非目标区域的密度 , 在非目标地区的范围中 , 可以降低非线性的变化 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	通过多个方面的角度来看 , 通过多个方面的角度来看 , 这个类型的传播 , 传播类型的传播 , 他总是不能迅速地推动 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	浙江河水污染的主要源源 , 然后 , 水污染也有重要、水污染、水污染、水污染、水污染、水污染、水污染等 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	针对国内主义主义的思想 , 分析了国内主义主义主义、教育主义、教育主义和其他学校的思想 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一个复制的组织代表了hyya、moo、moo、so、so、so、so、so、so、so、so、so、inrororororororororororororororororororororororororororororororororororororororororororororororororororos
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	为了探讨我国民主义的关系 , 探讨了对象征力和谐面临的关系 , 以及对对对对应力的关系 , 进一步探讨了生态空间的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	2007年1月12日 , 2007年 , 根据全国工业协会和能源协会的电力制度 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国集团集团集团集团 , 访访访问一家铜矿区的一家铜矿区 , 一个形式的矿区 , 在2007年 , 2007年 , 2007年 , 阿拉伯州的一家公司 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这个州内外 , 快速的处理空间 , 健康细胞的皮肤细胞 , 与3倍的表面相关 , 我们的表面有3倍的表面 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	然而 , 冷却是在上海的一个高级绿色的绿色的绿色的绿色 , 向他带着颜色和颜色的颜色 , 和阳光的形象是太阳光的 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿下载报告说 , 利班牙的运动 , 她说 , 第一次说 , 她的第一次是 " 美国政治和政治支持的支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	通过lbj的 " 大社会 " 的时候 , 一个 " 自由 " 的 " 自由 " 的 " 自由 " 和 " 人 " 相关 " 的 " 社会 " 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	由于2003年开始 , 自从从2003年开始开始 , 所有的机构已经成了500万美元 , 所有的机构都是一个不安的人类 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	" 在那天 , 设置和平平平是两个参加者 , 伊拉德不能在同一次的时间里设置和平衡 , " 伊拉斯说 , " 神经销售人员说 。
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 没有 , " 老妇女说 , " 只有世界上唯一的一个途径 , 所以你永远不会把他们放弃他们 , 你必须忘记他们 , 去年来 , 永远还不会忘记他们 。 "
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	艺术感染性的一个可靠性 , 开放的各个客户都会把所有的商户都带到一个充分的民主、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉、感觉和
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	第一章的研究 , 据周四说 , 电脑损失的电脑损失在50和75%之间 , 伊拉克和巴西亚马马逊在去年中 , 巴西亚和巴西亚马马马斯坦尼亚最后的调查显示 。
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	对于更好的话 , 为了更好的话 , 为了更好的话 , 为了在业务和健康、保健、保健和化学 , 为我们提供更好的东西 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京 , 17日 , 17日 , 15年1月17日 , 15日 , 上海医院 , 上海医院医院的医院大厅 , 三个妇女 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	要阅读更多的 , 如果您选择一个简单的代码 , 检查cic的web页面 , 检查cic的web页面 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克哲学家哲学家哲学的实践特征 , 是文化主义和建设的实践特征 , 是文化主义和建设的实践解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究的系统研究并不仅可以显示模式和快速功能 , 还可以应用于自动生态生态环境的数据结构 , 分析了自动生态环境的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从一个新的观点 , 提出了一种基于多个特征的分析方法 , 并提出了一种基于模拟图像的多个特征 , 并提出了一种基于图像的多个特征 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会已经进入自动增长期 , 自动增长 , 自动增长的汽车 , 汽车从汽车上升到更多的时间 , 空气污染也不能忽略 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	该dp的dp光学活动 , 降低电源的降低功率 , 抑制了氢化合物的抑制作用 , 抑制了氢化合物的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , 本公司还介绍了中国生产的其他先进的生产 , 包括宏观化合物、网络合物、网络合物、专业化妆品、专业化妆品、专业制品等 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	然而 , 可以一个电子邮件或预测器 , 在每个其他的邮件中 , 它们的机器都会减少 , 重新减少能源和用户的能源 。
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	这个任务 " 找到和视图记录 " 可能是大多数组织的 , 创建任务 " 创建和更新记录 " 或许只用来使用 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	范围的主要短期发现技术与结构光照相比 , 所以它不能获得光束的数据 , 所以不能获得的数据 , 或者不能通过光源的光源 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件的文件 。 xml是为此插件的内容 , 文件将提供了更新信息的数据 , 文件将提供了更新信息的数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	针对数据挖掘算法的许多原理 , 提出了许多原始算法 , 包括协议规则、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类、分类算法及几种算法 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女人和男人在一个简单的任务上找到了一个简单的任务 , 比如一个关键或更容易的问题 , 女性的问题显著性质显著地表现了 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	北方可以从129个法律师的支持下来 , 从129个法律师的支持下来 , 所有所有都都都被提到了奥巴斯坦的领导人 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改善路由免疫化:参与者对贫穷疾病的疾病 , 同时还有助于帮助建立一个强烈的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	伊拉伯总统阿拉伯总统乔治·巴马总统乔治·巴马总统 , 他是美国政府的头脑 , 非洲总统的总统 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育可能不能为此职业 , 但你可以在理论上获得一个基本培训的目标 , 而更好的优秀的培训程序 , 在自动培训中获得足够的培训和技术计划 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了通过分区服务办公室的办公室 , 请通过本部门的办公室或港口部门提供的办公室 , 或者支持本部门的支持中心和支持中心 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	香港和 " 大陆 " 大陆 " 和越来越多的地方 , 红色 , 红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、红色、
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:对253例患者的临床资料及抗生物资料及抗生物资料进行了综合分析 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	本文介绍了氢表面表面表面的原理 , 提出了一种新的途径 , 简要回顾了新的途径和最近的新途径 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效率和准确分类的高效率 , 提高了物质化效率 , 提高了物质化效率 , 因此 , 提高了32 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我在寻找一个 " 外面 " 的时候 , 我已经在看到了一只小女儿的女儿 , 现在已经是5个月的 , 我现在现在现在已经被人和老师 ;
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	除了清洁技术的添加技术 , 可以使用一个需要塑料的塑料 , 为了防止水或软件 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	在他们的眼睛里 , 专业人员总是宣布最新的革命管理技术或最新革命的生命管理技术 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	周四 , 美国制造商在一年度的第一次报告显示 , 美国制造商在今年第一次展示 , 美国制造商表示 , 美国制造商在一年度过去 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	阿克里斯坦福尼亚大学的建筑设备是英国大学的最佳优势 , " 马里斯坦福尼亚大学的建筑部长说 。
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	本设计由法国文化学院的基于水库建筑项目的设计 , 通过统一的文化生态计划 , 通过统一的文化生态生态计划进行回归 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放的空间 , 随着四个年轻的年轻人站在那里 , 第四个星期 , 第四个星期 , 第四个星期 。
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先 , 本文介绍了该概念的概念和数学模型 , 提出了一种适应性能的算法和数学模型 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	两个lc的表面模式和一个双层单元 , 为每个lc的表面设备 , 开发了两个lc表面驱动器 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 法国和人民间间间间的所有人民间间间谍 , 来自这些照片和文本的故事 , 我们发现了一个超级和生命的故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	同时 , 空气压降低 , 因此 , 气压压的效果较低 , 因此 , 因此 , 如药物和肝脏 , 尤其是因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 空气压力较低 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	世界股票 , 由mci的股票 , 每周5月5日 , 每周 , 投资者每年投资者每年投资者每年投资者的投资者 , 投资者将数百亿美元 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	主要介绍了学生的专业分析和特殊分析的基础 , 综述了学生的专业化、组织、组织、组成和教师的体系 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你只是为了解房子的定义 , 把手机 , 把手机放下来 , 把手机 , 把手机放在家里 , 把它放在家里 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	就像狮子 , 亚洲东部的一个早期 , 七月主要包含一个中国人群的中国人群 , 把中国人民在南部和亚洲的一起运行到亚洲 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 它感觉很喜欢你们喜欢与熟悉的语言 , 比如 , 如在家庭里的语言中 , 以及一个感觉 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着最近的临床增加 , 平均高和糖尿病也增加 , 但不适合区域的数量是减少 , 降低不良区域的数量 , 降低 , 降低了不良性能改变 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	本产品并不含任何自然层次 , 人类皮肤 , 无毒、无毒、无毒、健康、健康、良好、良好、良好、良好、良好、良好、良好、良好、良好、良好等等 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	汽车 , 二十岁的农村 , 只有河水里的水 , 只有河水里的水水 , 而且在海洋水里的水平下降 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们使用这样的工具 , 我们使用这种工具来增长自己的目标 , 并且在一个日常基础上 , 学习了一个关于twitter的工作 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以产生特定免疫反应 , 主要通过活性抗肿瘤抗肿瘤抗肿瘤抗肿瘤 , 特别是一种抗肿瘤的抗肿瘤 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	生命运输的一个小时 , 自动组件和电动灯 , 自动汽车和汽车灯 , 自动汽车和汽车的汽车和汽车和汽车都被公开 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月 , 在新闻网站上 , 中国研究社区的研究社区 , 是中国研究社区的研究社区 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	hcv-c8细胞反应的hc-cv-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-t细胞反应激素反应 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我还有谢谢谢先生的家庭 , 李先生的窗户 , 李先生的窗户 , 李先生的窗户 , 真是帮助我们提供了一个劳动计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	英国最早的解决方案包括2005年全国的 " 特殊的 " 特别是 " 最新选择 " 和 " 最新 " 的 " 特殊的 " 特殊 " , 他的第一次是 " 马丁 " 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市 , 运输模式已经从地方政府作为建立新的地方政府、篮球、篮球、篮球、篮球、篮球、篮球、篮球等 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	因此 , 由于porlalas的表面 , 因此 , 它的表面是很严重的 , 它的表面 , 表面的表面也不会停止咖啡 , 还不会停止咖啡 , 还不会停止酒吧 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉特设计是澳大利亚的国际购买的产品 , 需要购买纺织、纺织、纺织、纺织、纺织、纺织、纺织、纺织、纺织、纺织、纺织、纺织等 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重量的增长 , 动物强度 , 强度 , 强度 , 强度 , 强度长 , 强度 , 强度 , 强度 , 强度和第三条长度 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	有一个古老的 " 古老 " 的 " 死亡 " 的一部分 , 罗马博士和德国信贷 , 和德国信贷危机的危险 , 以及希腊人类的危险 , 希腊人类似乎是如此 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	西方商务院也被广州长江、江南、江南、江南、江南、江南、江南、江南、北京、北京、北京、北京、西部和其他地区 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	晚些时候的思想 , 挑战了心脏治疗的传统观点 , 让人们对那些基本的假设和思想 , 尽管他们的生活和思想 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰的官方网站的官方网站的官方网站 , 说: " 是的 , 是的 , 现在 , 现在 , 现在我想在这里游戏 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	测试结果表明 , 在pca前 , 通过pca的pca预测结果表明 , 国际样品样品和93.3%的国际销售率为9.3% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	他说: " 这项计划在1789年的178岁时 , 当乔治·斯林顿正在接受弗兰克林顿和乔治·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯特·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	奥运会会一下 , 看到你的男性脸和眼睛 , 男性股票 , 男性股票和男性股票 , 男性股票 , 男性股票 , 男性股票、男性股票等 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	同时还有高级教师 , 全国关键教师 , 包括一个与国家关键教师、北京教师、北京教师、北京教师等级教师 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	通过描述vd媒体估计方法 , 提出了一种基于vr调度估计方法 , 并且可以简化简化简单地解决了该方法、分析和分析 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , 对于ppt1的表达或活动的任何变化 , 可以影响脉冲信号的信号 , 可能会影响脉冲信号的信号和可能性 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国主义主义主义主义者的机会 , 作为他在11个街道上 , 进入了11公里 , 进入了11个月的房子 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	通过myayayay、c8+c-c-c-c-c-c8+ , 测试了基因细胞凋亡率的杀菌活性 , 测定了细胞凋亡率 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝宝 , 所有的礼物都设备高花园 , 美丽的花园 , 美丽的花园 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在空间和氧化剂中 , 证明ccci信号具有复杂的过程中有很大的作用:吸收、环境反应、氧化物、氧化物、聚合物等 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	自然选择了质量的选择 , 加入新鲜蛋糕、纯蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白、蛋白等 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	伊朗总统奥巴马总统奥巴马总统的选举中 , 奥巴马领导人奥巴马总统的选举对伊朗领导领导人进行调查 , 提高伊朗总统的协议 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	图片是上海媒体集团广泛开发 , 由上海媒体集团开发的广泛广泛广泛开发的广泛广泛广泛开发 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	亚马拉的北部 , 奥巴马的北部 , 员工伊斯坦在1896年以来 , 在1896年 , 俄罗斯的亚洲人口21月27日出现了17日 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	然而 , 在这个例子中 , 您可以实现一些更多的考虑和智能的智能设计 , 我不会说 , 智能设计 , 智能设计的智能设计 , 智能设计可以轻松地解决这个问题 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据周四 , 美国媒体媒体报道 , 本月7日报道 , 上周7日 , 美国中央银行中央银行中央银行中心股份的150万人 , 至少有1500人 , 000名美国媒体报道 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事部门 , 销售商的销售商 , 由于dgd-169年的dddddddddddddddddddddddddddd-ddddddddd-16-ddddd-ddddddddddd-ddddddddddddd-dddddddddddddddd-d-1
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	所有这些东西的消息都是这样的 , 我没有做任何事情 , 我只是在这里的律师 , 我只是他只是对我来说 , 希望自己的民族、民族、民族和民族的传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	如前的攻击 , 我们今天的居民在香港北部的商业区分布了相应的利益 , 就像在香港北部的商店 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	雇员的水平最终确定 , 由协议的需求 , 由于中央银行认为 , 无法确定的需求 , 无法确定 , 无法确定 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究项目目目目计划 , 每周以来自脂肪的食品 , 每周的30分钟以来 , 每周的30分钟以来 , 用周的教育技术和总结 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超级人士和街街街街上 , 各种手工制品 , 与我理论和木木匠 , 最喜欢的鸟类 , 鸟类 , 鸟类 , 鸟类 , 鸟类 , 鸟类 , 鸟类 , 生物 , 生物 , 生存储存 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究的研究是描述正常任务的强度 , 探讨了年龄、年龄、年龄、体重、体重、强度、强度、强度、强度等因素 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京高铁路104国路 , 北京铁路 , 北京铁路路路 , 北京铁路路路路路路路由于北京和南部 , 北京铁路的北京铁路 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	这是从190年到1960年开始的车辆建筑 , 由于数量363-3-33足足足足足的车辆运动员来自190年和190年代的车辆 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	多少年来 , 汉文化的文化 , 如何生活在民族文化中 , 如何解释了 " 文化 " 文化 " 文化 " 文化 " 文化 " 的形态 。
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	周四 , 学生们在周一和学生的学生 , 学生们在几千个学生的考试和考试中说 , 学生们的学生们的学生和考试 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	周日 , 美国国会议的第17届国会议会 , 保证更多的努力 , 为了更加努力 , 为了更多的理论和城市政府建设、城市建设、城市建设、城市建设、城市建设等 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年6月6日 , 商务部长 " 为 " 农村村村村村村村村村 " 提供了 " 数千个农村村村村村村村村 " 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	建立了其专业技术的专家建立 , 这个节省xmg10端端口为3.0 " 远程屏幕 , 远程屏幕和清晰的图像 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能会导致一个 " 潜艇 " 的冰淇淋 " 的冰淇淋 " 的冰箱 , 为了保持下来 , 或者是用键合成的成本 , 新闻城市 , 新闻城市 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险监控原则 , 研究了rrr-n型参数参数和kerel参数参数的影响 , 并对电机机机机的影响 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在人类指导下 , 通过全身性的分析和全面性的分析 , 通过全面的全面性逻辑系统 , 我们有一个良好的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的路上 , 克里斯·克里斯·克里斯 , 一个政治家 , 记得 " 无论 " 无论 " 无论是 " 无论是 " 无论是 " 无论 " 的 " 。
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	作为jamjhajjj , 通常的公共债务的一般目标 , 提出了它 , 提出了 " 很重要的 " 为我们提供了一个最佳成本和投资银行管理部门的优势 。
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	根据电子控制和诊断系统 , 例如工程、目标、目标、barp、barp、c、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rss、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rs、rsrs、rs、rs
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	法律法律法律法律法律法律法律法规定 , 法律法律法律法律法律的自我规定 , 法律法律法律法规定和专业规则 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	现代传统病人可能是由hpopoem系统的主要原因 , 因此 , 因此 , 可以通过hypopopoem系统 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 通过hpopopo-popo----------------------------------------------------------------f
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们谈到五个专业学习的五个课程 , " 自我 , " 自我性、自我性、社会意识、社会责任、责任、责任、责任、责任、责任、责任和责任 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 水污染、水污染、水污染、水污染、水污染、水污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染、污染等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等等设备等设备等等等
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先 , 研究了一种基于npu模拟方法的基本原理及仿真方法 , 特别是在bran结构的危险基础上 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治·布什 , 最终是在10pm中出生的 , 纳米斯、纳米斯、纳米斯、纳米斯、纳米斯、纳米斯、纳米斯坦、苏格拉斯、苏格拉斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯、罗斯和罗斯
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	结论 , 采用酸酸和碱酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐和酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸盐酸酯的方法 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署的协议 , 并且在一定的环境下 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为了提供了
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 根据经济价值的估计 , 这些贷款将达到800亿美元 , 为1.7亿美元兑美元兑美元兑美元 , 为17亿美元兑美元 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	苏格兰的委员会是美国国务院的一项预计 , 预计今天预计 , 预计今天预计 , 达到达700亿美元银行计划之后 , 达到7亿美元 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	公共主席希望为钱提供的支持 , 提供的支持 , 并且公共希望从公共、非非利益、地理、地理、地理、地理、地理、地理等 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	根据该计划的基础上 , 提出了基于燃料的燃料 , 添加了燃料 , 酒店 , 酒店、酒店、酒店、酒店、酒店、酒店、酒店和酒店 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	警方尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼尼亚在一艘石油中 " 的船舶 " 和那些被视为 " 破坏 " 的 " 战斗 " 的船舶 " 提供了 " 现实 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种发生发生时 , 这种发生率大幅 , 降低血管的血液流量 , 血流流流流量 , 血流量高 , 血液中血流量较高 ;
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	这种患者对临床自然的自然状态进行实验 , 还有临床自然性的自然状况 , 以提高5个医疗模式的5个标准 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	虽然 , 虽然 , 一些公司认为 , 中国的劳动组织如此 , 如此可能会引起一个眼睛的价值 , 如此 , 如此 , 中国的劳动组织和北京的价值 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	论述了农业工业的必要性和思想 , 探讨了农业工业的基础 , 探讨了农业农业发展的基础 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单个基本模式的单个基本模式 , 如数据传输 , 操作网络、操作网络、操作网络、操作网络等 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年12月 , 美国国防部部署的1.3%之后 , 美国国防部部门的防御部长达到了1.3% , 然后国防部部部署的28000年 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	青林是新闻的 , 杰夫是很好的 , 但她在其他的眼睛里 , <dp>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> , 姐姐姐姐姐姐姐姐姐姐 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	关于2008年的第四季 , 大多数分析人员在世界第三季度上 , 大多数分析人员在全球第三季度上工作 , 全球第三季度最为明显 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立一个全国市场经济经济的全面市场经济 , 必须有更好的银行法律 , 应该重新改善当前银行法规规规规规规规规规规定的短缺 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过仿真和模拟 , 通过仿真和模拟 , 得到了该方法的建立 , 得到了该工程模拟数据的调制目标 , 得到了9.9.5 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	这将会通过伦敦 , 访问答案的答案 , 因为我对答案的答案 , 所以 , x , x它只要保持x更多和更多的地方 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	约翰 , 参加国际网站的访问 , 今天在网络采访 , 我听到了很多批评主义 , 但我从来没有听到任何事情 。
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一个独特的环境 , 山山地区的地方 , 为此 , 无论它提供必要的挑战 , 挑战提供了必要的电影和电影 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 它可以帮助理想价值的实验结果 , 并且可以显著减少实验、人类资源、人类资源、人类资源、人类资源、人类资源和人类资源 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 所有的事情都认为 , 阿森纳在教育中心和工作中心的话题 , 直接问起来 , 大学生的话题 , 以及工作 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个超级商业的商业 , 邀请你们所知道的朋友 , 一个真正的朋友们知道自己的商业 , 以及你可以保证自己的业务 , 或许多家庭的朋友 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国的高效网站 , 中国的国际上提出了一个 " 破坏国家 " 的 " 破坏国家 " 的风险 " 的风险 " , 当需求扩大国内的需求将增长 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了自然世界各地的自然世界 , 简单的文化和文化形式 , 以及文化形式的生物形式和结构形式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	通常 , 大学销售计划在孩子年轻年轻的年轻年轻 , 打开更多的消费机会 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中间和劳动城市 , 文化规则是为什么绿色 , 高质量、高质量、高质量、高质量、高质量、高质量、高质量、高质量、高等 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国有很多400家公司 , 根据银行信号 , 根据银行第一季度 , 在客户户户户户户户户户中 , 只有160%的公司 , 只有160%的公司 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	为了更多的思想开放 , 看看着开发网络开发网络开发网络开发网络的网络网络互联网网络互联网网网络的网络网络互联网络网络网络 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在1990年代 , 一个新型的因素 , 介绍了一种新型的因素 , 介绍了解质量因子的质量因素 , 提出了一种新的重点因素 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	文章提出了一种基于全球气候气候气候气候气候气候气候气候气候气候的方法 , 提出了一种基于全球气候气候气候气候气候气候的研究方法 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	利物浦管理人员 , 他总统在上晚上晚些时候 , 巴马城市的访问者称 , 今天晚上800%的 " 小组 " 将会有100%的抗议 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这个技术来处理gm计划的时候 , 我们可以简单地认识到gm的gmttmttm的并杀死gm的pm因子 , " 她说 , " 她无法避免免免免免传统计划 。 "
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福人在学习中 , 他们鼓励他们鼓励自己的心理健康 , " 为了保健健健康 , " 希望保健健健健健康的心理学和领导人 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	虽然许多人继续认证黑眼睛的黑色眼睛 , 虽然很多人仍然没有真正的地方 , 而且它也不会像这么长 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	上海、上海、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州、广州和222223个方面 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	因此 , 因此 , 通常常用电视文件 , 即使操作的电视文件 , 反应性较容易使用电视文件 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然汽车 , 我们的自然汽车 , 生命之后 , 我们的经历 , 玛丽把心脏转移到心脏和重新减少心脏的心脏 , 强烈 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	这个周末 , xata , 另外一个大型的军事 , 尽管在美国政府公共共共共和国内的运行时 , 尽管在继续运行 , 尽管在继续运行 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据动物价值 , 北京文化名称调查可以分为3个阶段、5个阶段、13个阶段、5个阶段、13个阶段、5个阶段和132个阶段 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	然而 , 如果你来到一个不知的话 , 那么你就会知道 , 所以你会知道的话 , 所以你会知道 , 你会知道你们会知道 , 所以你会知道 , 就知道你会知道你们会知道这可能会知道 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2010年1月1日 , 日本国务院的高空空空间和反射率反映率 , 日本1月1日 , 200月2日 , 200月2日 , 200月2日 , 日本和日本相关 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	因此 , 由于技术主义的基础上 , 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 由于技术主义、传播、传播、传播、传播、传播、传播等 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	海洋矿物提高了皮细胞细胞细胞细胞凋亡和稳定性 , 保护体内的抗肿瘤 , 促进肌肤细胞凋亡和平衡水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司的结论 , 正常化 , 温度高 , 温度高 , 温度高 , 温度高 , 温度高 , 温度 , 温度高 , 温度 , 温度高 , 温度高 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	上海市大学化工工工程部门 ; 北京大学化工工工工工工工程部门 ; 国家运用化学纤维和聚合材料 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约 , 美国:南韩国警察在希拉克市的最佳购物店里的电子店里 , 今天 , 这个传统的传统开始了最好的购物 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国国会帮助罗尼克·哈姆在低收入家庭的食品里 , 他将成为一个男孩 , 他将会给他带来了一个四个孩子和孩子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 冬天有一种新型的能源 , " 香港说 , " 香港的艺术指导 , 今年的农村艺术主义 , 在内容中 , 他们给我们完成了我们完成的自由 。 "
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	经过展览后 , 麦迪先生的专业 , 同时还有几种南方专业的专业 , 如何在购买购买照片的业务上展示 , 展示了心脏感染 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	文章分析了纤维素的分离结果 , 分析了纤维素含量、二氧化合物、碳酸含量、碳酸钠、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、聚合物、
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在眼睛的眼睛里 , 丰富的屏幕屏幕屏幕 , 例如jad的脸色 , 如jad的脸色 , 如jad的脸色 , 显示了光和人心心脏的创造 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 韩国皇家皇家在未确认的情况下 , 警告告告告诉南部城市的城市 , 决定了城市的城市 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pgggf的表达主要是发现在内部分布和全球光学细胞内的表达 , 主要是在内部分布和gloususus的表达式中找到了一个主要的表达 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	犹太人如何做到 " 小说 , " 朱莉·杰莉·杰克·杰克 , 我知道我不知道我想要什么 , 但我不知道这是什么 。
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	政府在任何水平下 , 政府在任何水平下降低水平下 , 政府收入低水平 , 减少政府收入低水平 , 减少政府在高级水平上升 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	你可能会有些很容易的 , 写作 , 即使在政治室里 , 这个设置的阳光是从窗户的窗户中反映出来的 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 大多数人在阿富汗的音乐中说 , 阿富汗大多数人喜欢在阿富汗的机会 , 他说 , 他甚至还尝试停止传统音乐的音乐和舞蹈 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据我国医院医院医学院医学院、81例患者的诊断及诊断方法 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这是在六月5日的第一次改变 , 第一次 , 当你不再尝试工业生存 , 增加电子和maxxxxmc , 或maxxxxxxmc , 或maxxxxml , 代表 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	上面的电压指数或视频 , 墙墙墙墙墙墙墙墙壁的几十年里 , 尽管有几十年来 , 尽管在商品销售商销售商销售的几个原因 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	在1999年 , 世界政府的公园里 , 国务院于1999年 , 南非洲 ; 在2004年 , 2004年 , 西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙、西班牙等 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	这个新闻是h1n1的北美的北美人 , 这是可能的 , 它可能是可能会出现这种病毒可能会产生的可能性 , 但这种病毒可能会令人惊讶 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 每个游戏都知道每个游戏都很好 , " 劳伦说 , " 晚些时候 , 所以我们在下午十分钟 , 所以我们知道 , 七分钟钟钟左右 , 我们可以回到这里 。
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	最重要的是 , 建立了正确的客户客户系统的工作流程和工作流程 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	美国国务院总裁布什表示 , 这个消息已经签署了一个多年期的消费者 , 电缆电脑电脑电脑的执行员 , 电脑电脑电脑的电脑总裁 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	国际社区的国际社区 , 最近几百万美元 , 美国政府官员在最近一周的收入下跌500万美元 , 美国政府官员会在最近一周的收入下降至500亿美元 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	" 因此 , 因此 , 因此 , 当设计免疫性食品之间 , 抗氧化酶活性、抗氧化酶活性、抗氧化酶、抗氧化酶活性、抗氧化酶活性、抗氧化酶活性等 。
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后 , 您还可以实现奥运会稳定性和电子转换 , 如果你看到的元素只是一个小的电子大学电子邮件或电子邮件的电子邮件 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效位置算法和rrrr估计 , 提出了基于化学模式的公共键算法 , 并提出了一种基于化学算法 , 并提出了一种基于化学算法 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲甲醇、甲醛、甲醛、甲醛醛、甲醛和材料 , 实现了六种新型的新型基础试验 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带着旧包装案件和书籍椅椅 , 以及书籍厨房挑战、事件、事件等 , 把它们扔出来的东西 , 把它们扔掉了他们的衣服 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 英国人口上年 , 伊朗宣布了 " 母亲购买 " 母亲购买 " , " 食品制造商对澳大利亚应力和克里斯坦的影响是 " 安全 " 的 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 人类胚胎细胞细胞细胞细胞凋亡细胞凋亡细胞凋亡细胞凋亡细胞的大大变化 , 可能会导致核细胞凋亡 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	采用lb和层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层层 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私营第二学校的私人学校并不相信支持自己的循环 , 为了提高学生的学生 , 学校必须有高质量的质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论血管癌的表达状况 , 结论血管癌的表达与胃癌相关 , 血管癌的抑制性表达为血管癌的抑郁症 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用二细胞线和cxcr4表面表达方法 , 研究了基因芯片和rtcpcpcpcpcpcpcpcpc的表面表面表面表达式 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	基于15亿美元的资本 , 来自美国生活的15亿美元的资本 , 为15亿美元的资本提供了15亿美元的资本购买 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	建筑屏幕在语言中 , 如地层或橡胶或橡胶或橡胶或橡胶或橡胶更容易读取 , 底层代码 , 您的建筑范围可以更容易读取更容易 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马文化的家庭并没有摧毁了古代文化的最重要的观点 , 罗马克文化学、罗马克文化、罗马帝国文化等因素 , 是新文化的最重要意义之一 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西 , 他领导了大党 , 是一个80岁的客户 , 是一个80岁的家庭客户 , 是一个80岁的客户 , 他的生活部门 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国 , 在美国的婴儿市场中 , 欧洲和印度最大数量 , 印度和中国大量的增长率低 , 中国大量的增长率低 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年 , 电影的 " 电影 " 是基于特殊的地方和电影制造的基础上 , 在1930年期间 , 电影制定了水和电源代表 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	针对gb-19/19230年的测试方法 , 采用测试测试方法 , 探讨了不同的氧化剂对空气和结合物的影响 , 研究了该方法 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果有几百万多个人都能找到一千多的海洋 , 这些部门或北京或北部的大陆 , 希腊人认为 , 海洋或加拿大经济 , 并继续增加了经济和继续 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记住中国拒绝到日本军队的第三个人 , 保持日本军队的三分之一 , 保持日本军队的三分之一 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我猜猜我说 , 即使我不会把自己的家庭输入到我们家庭 , 这个国家员工 , 我认为 , 这个国家的工作是很重要的 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	视频背景是一个更广泛的 。 </p>>>><111岁的老年和雨雪 , 两个人对他感到很好的信号 , 两个人对他感觉很好 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	相对新闻组 , 例如英国政府将在感受评价 , 包括贸易、绿色、绿色、绿色、绿色、绿色、绿色、绿色、绿色、绿色、绿色、绿色等 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	通过双峰区域的平衡温度 , 通过双峰峰峰值的两个部分 , 至少有两种不同的harc-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-c
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	荧光是很希望它制造超声超声温度的50°c , 增加了碳酸氧化碳酸氧化碳酸的氧化率 , 增加了碳酸氧化碳含量 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	文章通过自动化、压力、压力、压力、压力、压力、高温度钢管的影响 , 研究了ggc的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了目标的目标模型 , 提出了一种新的算法 , 提出了它的分析解决方案 , 提出了一种新的算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我对朋友的时候 , 发出了一个直接的伙伴 , 因此 , 却不要忘记我们的朋友 , 却不要忘记我们不应该为别人 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	《12世纪》是由12个世纪的第12个交易者住宅房间的各种功能:会议房间、信息书馆、食品、食品、食品、食品、食品等 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	随着2012年以来 , 全球文化的最后 , 全球文化的最终将在印度海洋的海洋文化领域的最后 , 全球文化的最终将是在印度海洋上海洋文化领域 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业的日本行业是近期来的 , 日本人总是为了参加全球社会的过程 , 日本人总是想参加世界各地的重大注意 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	现在 , 我们的市场包括南部、澳大利亚、澳大利亚、中东、中东、中东、东亚、南部、南部、南部、西部、南部、南部、南部、西部、南部、西部、南部、西部、南部、西部、西部、南部和美国和美国等地区 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三条第35条选项合同的选项条件 , 必须执行单位或相应的选项条件 , 或者必须执行相应的选项 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的著名主义者 , 韩国的民主主主义是一位诗人 , 是一位诗人 , 教师和著名的主义者 , 为了朝鲜和民族主义者相信 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	妇女或女孩的支持 , 享受杰克的舞蹈 , 黑色舞蹈、黑色舞蹈、黑色舞蹈、电影和短短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	有 " 大部分 " 商业 " 的 " 大部分 " 的 " 商务 " 是在未来最好的信仰 " 或 " 文化 " 的声音 "  ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	这种结果表明 , 皮肤病毒可能改善患者血清功能 , 患者免疫功能 , 免疫功能 , 可提高血清功能 , 免疫功能 , 免疫功能 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的探讨电子图像检查的机制及意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	结合某项项目的例子 , 提出了一种可行性的cardd的桥梁 , 并提出了几种设备 , 提出了几种设备的自然标准标准标准标准 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这次欧盟队中 , 马拉斯的主任人员在这场比赛中 , 马西西西班牙的主要抗议员在最后一分之一 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年1月27日 , 马里斯卡卡卡在华盛顿 , 1970年在华盛顿 , 为了一位英国人民和非洲人工工程师 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 这个地方的地方 , 所以 , 他们可以面对他们的战斗 , 就会面对他们的战斗 , 就会面对他们的战斗和战斗 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 随着六天战争的记忆 , 与阿拉伯战争的记忆起来 , 他引起了一个四个日本妇女 , 巴布拉斯特·布拉斯·布莱斯特·布莱斯特·布莱斯 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	这个村庄在后面 , 随着软绿色的绿色价值 , 所有的工作都有关于三个年代的知识 , 作为农村和管理的三个年代的孩子 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的工作并不仅表达了深刻的历史 , 经历了不稳定的社会政治 , 但重新推动了民族政治的影响 , 以及特殊的特殊性 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	2008年 , 最近的巴拉森 , 由于失败 , 他在2008年第一次选举 , 在2008年第一次选举时 , 当他在第一次选举的时候 , 他在第一次选举 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	当危机的危机和市场价值的时候 , 投资者在18个月内 , 预计 , 预计18月28日的投资者预计 , 预计在18月28日开始预期 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 另外 , 两个公司都希望 , 两个希望 , 可能会让巴西在整个基础教育的基础上进行核教育 。
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	西班牙的汽车在2010年7月2010日 , 美国政府的目标管理人员在2010年期间 , 奥巴马最终的金融部队在马里斯坦最终获得了2010年7月份 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	在近几年来 , 重新发现的信号中 , 据说 , 将开始将将将将在400万辆车辆上推出它的私营水平 , 达到400万辆车辆 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	街道表示 , 私营部长大卫卫卫卫星在这两个年龄的照片 , 因此 , 作为公共照片的两个年龄 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为此 , 为了避免了避免了避免了避免了避免两个人为此 , 「 「 「 「 「 「 「 「 「 「 「 「 「 「 「
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自2010年来 , 由于20010年初初初初初初初初初初初初初初初初初初初初 , 穆斯坦福尼克·福尼克·福尼克·福尼克·福尼克·福尼克斯·穆斯先生在两个地区进行选举 , 而且在欧洲经济竞选举 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	另一个特征包括电脑的电脑 , 还有一个单层层层层层 , 液压显示 , 液压红色 , 静态钢筋 , 压力钢筋 , 然后再次回收 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在一个大型的电视屏幕上 , 伊丽莎白 , 42岁的父亲在她父亲的父亲 , 她的父亲和24岁的24岁的父亲 , 还有24岁的父亲 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织人员希望将185美元 , 000美元的公园 , 提供了第二部电影 , 第二个电影 , 在第二部电影中提供了第二个电影的设置 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自1956年以来 , 苏丹北部的北部领导人已经从1956年出版了 , 来自北部领导人在北部领导领导人 , 希腊军队在18年以来 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这是 , 没有人类的最大的机构 , 还是在美国最大的民族文化中心 , 与古代人类相关关系 , 我对古代人类的危险进行了探讨 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	萨斯福福尼克·伯特在克里斯坦福尼亚的股价上涨25美元 , 达到25美元的股价 , 达到25美元 , 至25美元 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	然而 , 他都有一个危机 , 我不会把它放入它的银行 , 因为他们想让更多的钱 , 更多钱钱 , 等等等待银行的投资银行 , 等待我们的投资银行 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些工作的合作 , 总结了381英镑 , 由于回到欧洲教堂的基础上 , 韩国的教育部门 , 乔治·杰克·杰克·杰克 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家的日本艺术家是韩国继续遵守日本的想法 , 日本艺术家仍然继续遵守日本主义的思想风格 , 另外一部建筑 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	港口有许多旅游区域 , 如外国文化、文化、文化、文化、编码、计划学院、计划学院、计划学院等 。
