there is a television in the middle of living room .	生活房间中间有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新建筑上 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果必要 , 我们将发送一个电信家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	然后 , 你把它们固定在你第一次的厨房里 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	难以置信的判断是不可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他穿过他的猫 , 在顶部的菜单上 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但他的老师评论: " 你还不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是中国梦想的一年 , 显然显然显现出来 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	我要在2010年10月17日加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里 , 没有什么东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料的供应极大增强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种行车在柴油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一种塑料覆盖 , 用于类型写家 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它的螺旋结构由刚果红色透露出来 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是学生 , 我们免费收费 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是什么心理学家梦想在晚上 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那时他不会突然离开阿德里夫 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了评价评价评价批评 ; 专业 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人结婚到赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多了 , 请问一点沉淀吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力是由反应力的力失败的 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	联系旧知识 , 揭示新课 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	无限是华庆池 , 它是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	我的小蜡烛都烧掉了 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我把它称为 " 威威威夷 " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	病人受害 , 死亡受害 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	指出每个阀门操作声音水平 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们被划分成直线 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	b:在哪里看鱼在浏览哈尔 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在巴黎 , 维罗塔返回后 , 在巴黎 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	一些你来自狭窄的jail细胞 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	当夫妇回家时 , 萨马问她丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我采取深入的侵袭 , 在鲜明中抑郁 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	2003年早上 , 我是一名编辑 , 从2007年早上到2007年 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	这种伟大的胜利来自不合理的期望 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近在公司做了很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但是 , 固定的鸭子是种类之间的概念 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	在听到那时 , 她的脸向嘴唇发出了白色 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	这并不足以说有一些经济增长 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子是多么肮脏的 ! 它有许多尘埃 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	约书让人们离开 , 每个人都去遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	在案例中 , 有一个字符libra应该承认 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	在家里 , 几个旅客希望我好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了dap家乡页面的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆汽车去 , 一辆汽车 , 一辆车去了两辆车 , 一辆车死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教堂政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古野独自和多尔文连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我喜欢我的荣耀 , 我不知道这件事 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是绑定/unbind方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多花有几个破碎的风险 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲里是一种特殊的负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活中最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是计划3的反对 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	即使孩子甚至是孩子 , 摩西选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家家家的家庭变成教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看看到parley.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的沙迪房间和干燥的地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	给出了一个详细的观点 , 给出了它们的每一个选择 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在宠物店买了一只喷雾的山羊 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性由系统使用 , 并不应修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 农民在杰克的狗小了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰罗忘记他从自行车周期下降了 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	当然 , 当然 , 霜和糖吗 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的接待是最平洋的 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅在公园再见到约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我失去了我的词典 , 请给我 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英语文章是如此困难的 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这是我们怎样去fahreheit范围的 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说话 , 她没有与世界联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由跨剖面连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克里默:我发现美国机构高度问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去通常所有的技术博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	不 , 这是人们如何参考小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她等待法国的病人来完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁都有以下基本属性 。
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些都是各种包装 , 用于惩罚者 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接绕过是阿拉科建筑的 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400年伟大的vel转移开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为 " 娱乐属性 " 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的兄弟和年轻妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	所以 , 家庭保护的是什么 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 阿比亚发现她在她的口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 没有人跟他一起 , 没有人跟他一起 。 "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在 , 在马吉尼课前我们有很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米比太阳更小 , 苏珊比李小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	没有离开它 , 如果你是爱尔兰 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	柔软的皮肤 , 红唇 , 所以可吻 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 元数据存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他作为敏感但强大的记者 , 他是完美的 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	所有它都看起来都是所有的元素 , 并行为相同 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	文件系统必须被卸除 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	拉迪:你意味着 , 你是有吗 ? 父亲 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	周一有一个无肉的周一 , 你认为我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	通过软件开关设置支持j1939 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生在与星节工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	赢家是第一次在一个空间里画三个人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张斌简单回答 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看上去没有什么比杂志的肌肉制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛浏览成小峰 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	她离开了她的爱者 , 她把她推出去 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的是 , 不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个议会 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻通过观众发送一名欺骗者 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后将电池驱动到轮子里 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请将完成的形式返回到学校 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张照片值一千个单词 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这完全是错误答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 霜 , 海地回来了 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	这种类型是老 , 已经顺利了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的伙伴可能是本周可怕的 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我对我所有的权利感来说 , 我一直在行动合同 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	离开链驱动车轮从kankshaft移动 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是校园里的英雄人物 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但飞机没有给他们留下机会 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要重新把它放在一起 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子太接近传送机上 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	塔西里弗:好吧 , 是你的宝藏吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	增加现实的持续表数 , 由rinc增加 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送到大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一声喊道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联的骑士在他的摩天里躺着 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水从喉咙下来 , 他开始选择 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花朵和精神一样 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们生活在哪种土地呢 ? 它是好的或坏吗 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一辆照片 , 驾驶在河上 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 伤害 , 或否则最大伤害 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	不 , 我觉得你可以去吧 。 我甚至不得到火焰吗 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的教堂里 , 路过一分钟的一分钟 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督对他的母亲说她想哭 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道 , 50年内最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你认为这些抽象更加抽象的东西 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个学期 , 我一年看见父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不要 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法在甲醇中分解原料 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	为了她眼睛 , 与爱情照亮 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但信用是汽车业务的生命血液 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者对你有一个序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你有经验去巴吉玛去了吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 头发很硬 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和他的妻子是一对快乐的夫妇 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 有很多不确定它会参与什么 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决策中遇到了错误 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在玩耍后直接回家 , 什么 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行为并非与他的言语组成 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 , 他很高 , 强壮 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	然而 , 他们太恐怖了睡眠 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写了什么方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一位巴根...谁担心老人 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在那个数字游戏中 , 它转换为1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请改变单个房间 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但改变的事情是失败的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行者从来没有看到这样的东西 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	过度喜欢 , 她跳出房子 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	情人生 , 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它转化了我们家里的房子 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或许可能是一个更好的词汇 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以这是解决方案的混合 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能把我送到下一个城里吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	在输入箱之后 , 进入了几个新的线路 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	阿:这里不清楚的绿色来这里 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有通讯都在写作中 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 小女孩在时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以在家里引起迪蒙 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	新学校选择了一个网站 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他把他的兄弟换成了进球员 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的花香 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周也许是一个例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导体:银镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	我还没有从杰特拉格恢复 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	火炬象征着亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮充满到西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生孩子中提起了那些谷歌 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但首先 , 有人必须把它们变成交通坦克 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们的房间 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后把东西放在火上 , 燃烧它 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章节在我们的图书馆使用 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住这是坏的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 不管怎样 , 债务将是巨大的 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	我记得回来 , 我在家里遇见你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停止每头3200美元的钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有关闭问题 , 你需要修改这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司法设备 , 用户需要接触我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不能在人民的威胁下基础 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我称为时 , 他正在在打电话时 , 他正在打电话 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上一张传递的照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	大象 , 你的耳朵就像圆柱 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嘿 , 你周五免费吗 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.rorobin在顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我总是在工作 , 伤害我的心 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得在那个微笑里感到很惊讶 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿色飞机可以把植物干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场 , 18岁 , 河板 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	到了路上 , 我不想一夜飞行 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过了公共汽车 , 因为他迟到了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 枪在手里 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 , 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	好的 , 我们可以考虑不放在项目0中 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么都是在岛屿上找到最好的党 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有直升 , 上升 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	我房间里的房间里放了一个新的房间 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	本公司是一家世界领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一只双双胎被印刷 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	开发了fmi操作器的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深刻的发生 , 正如你教学的时候 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 ! " 我解释了我 。
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 你需要给它提供一些数据来解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	雇佣9号锤钻每个婴儿 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来那么不喜欢我在他身上拿了 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	那是我第一次爱 , 我也怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你需要在非hk股市交易吗 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在已经在我家了20年 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗会学不到新攻击 。
minutes of board committee meetings	董事会委员会会会的几分钟 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们发现在农民中被惩罚 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始放在头上 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员拥有一个专门的洞 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	在l值和r值之间分别为l值之间 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	好的 , 你不能有任何不良 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好的 , 我有五分钟左边 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是一段时间的东西 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	周期计可以做到足够的小 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远离大连来自lvshun ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	安装在哪里的灯火器安装 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 自从心里 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国迅速升级了这个共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会为背骨赢得战斗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	它鼓励你 , 相反 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	几年前我记得来到这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员来和平 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图在火中保持他的头 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看看看吗 ? 像食物一样 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛轻轻轻松和快乐 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须可持续 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方来获得资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们还是独立的 , 他们是完整的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵们在酒吧上床 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 很清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把他的声音降低到一名威斯特 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本气体申请检查 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是一扇白色的风扇 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最爱的三角之一 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是带着你的财富 , 总是带着你的财富 。 "
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我很完全 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的特殊兴趣是可保险的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望他能看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤亨庆 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和这些衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但它也是一个存在的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	船只在船头上挂着摇滚 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他是必要驱动的 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班有五十名学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我买那美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你很高兴在麻烦的水中钓鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我会把我的叶子拿起 , 像一只蝴蝶 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一个3pimafiastle适合 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	保罗礼塔:确定有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	设计的蜂类物种并未被发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但没有人看见她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	奥克森对世界有很大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长裤放在铅笔箱里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	其他人说 , 只要他们欺骗 , 或虐待你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	当你的脑部锁起时 , 你会怎么可怕 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	我要飞到月球 , 如果我翅膀 , 我就会飞到月球 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	蜜 , 我的贝尼实际上是什么 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树 。 当时 , 年轻时 , 是年轻 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们是哈佛 , 所以我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	帝国失去了他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一个1970年停止了他 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他把tweer放在胸里 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	防御很高兴在他们的档案上 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想成为我的粉末 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还写到了蒙古图的表面 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维罗特说 , 她将达到边界 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	这个男人从我的袋子里抽取了一张笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她将在晚上运行她的线路 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽玩得更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在大雨中喷洒 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆吸烟了 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿那么糟糕的衣服 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	当苏菲亚回来时 , 我们必须开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说妈时 , 我看着牛奶时 , 我看着牛奶 。
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼 , 你谈到什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	蒸汽就像皮革一样丑陋 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	要做晚服装多久 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫可以影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗涤机 ; 洗涤机 ;
the young tree has struck root .	这棵年轻树已根 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂挂在spoon上 。
let's learn english songs .	我们学英语歌 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须下降 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 它很黑暗 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们对这些变化产生了我们的存在 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你拿了两个文档 , 把它们困难 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	什么制作好的系统验证测试器 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你说的最低点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校 , 但生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李刚刚打了吉姆 , 赢得第一个地方 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	问:你每次都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	当它冷时 , 有一种感觉如此 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是三个家庭唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	谢谢您呼吁日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴将告诉他们 , 他们已经拍了我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	蒙西利利利利·马利在哪里去 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢得了一些 , 你失去了一些 。 这是生命 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那一年 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体被发现在地板洞里 。
knive are used to cut things .	用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何不雨 !
peace is always relational .	和平始终是关系 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克russell是什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要把她离开她的责任 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 威斯特尼亚的血液吗 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想知道这晚上什么会带来 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你迫使我那么痛苦 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进木头 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	阿:为了解决你 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	jeff喜欢玩jayden玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想告诉生长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	不过你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油改变之前 , 停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	进入者在城里拍摄 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有的事情变化 , 我们和他们改变 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以 , 他们从门里走出来 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我觉得他们最后赢得只是一个流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	另外 , 他只是一个孩子 。
lily some money me the other week .	李莉有些钱在另一个星期 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是巴西第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们奖励他们等待 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试着睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	双方都可以用手臂治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	而它的政府被抓住 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在包装里获得一个错误吗 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听说有人滑动 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好种子的南方 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须在内核修改训练 。
beat me half to death with it .	把我和它死了一半 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃过多的汉堡 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她很喜欢吃惊 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后在周末的艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	女狼的轨道怎么样 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大型动脉不可避免 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成了安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上跳舞 。
the bill was sent to her room .	比尔被送给她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	是你的汽车手册或自动吗 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它帮助你不在那么多地方 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这是我认为财政是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他上 ! 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	这个程序的独特性是什么 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我永远不能把它们放在吗 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸 !
losers hangout with losers .	失败者汉戈没有失败者 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	感觉到羞愧来到她 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候 , 疲劳的座位带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家人 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来了我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请快车 !
tingting seems nervous .	看起来很紧张 。
it is for bird watchers .	它是鸟类观察者 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把接收器挂起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发风格 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手味着鱼 。
but there's reason for hope .	但希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的文件如何从订单中取出 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一只鞋子 , 然后碰出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么能把价格放在生命上 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你理解什么 , 他 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像一只脂肪猫 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得同样的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同的领导风格 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有很多方法杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里是太多的油罐 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳子在这里 , 一个绳子 。
let's tie the knot !	咱们把钥匙打碎了 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义了三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花黄金像土壤一样 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些放在转身上 。
power elevation mill head .	电力发电机头 。
that gives me the creeps .	那给我带我 。
ianto: that's just me .	安托:那只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是安德萨斯的主人 。
it was from the sugar i think .	我想 , 这是来自糖的 。
but why the redemption ?	但为什么修改呢 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得不久是热 !
and put bomb craters in there .	把炸弹在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧演了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我已经拿了一些小班 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入一个启动并获得股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	滑到一块大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	好吧 , 我爱马德里 !
it does have intentions .	它有注意力 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	失败了 !
what is the name of that process ?	这个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的一个朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自我稳定吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建a.toc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但它仍然做好了 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 。 这是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	所以 , 我和此做什么 ?
when did you start to act ?	当你开始行动时 , 你开始行动 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢山姆宝吗 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我伟大的母亲 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是一个工作贫困吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学习中国 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 高峰就走了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的 。
what's montague ?	什么是印度 ?
time never comes back .	时间永远不会回来 。
as in organ donor .	随着机构捐赠者 。
are you a salesman ?	你是个销售商吗 ?
we just don't know .	我们不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉它 !
d a digit	d一个diitdidiit 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车规模建设过程简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	阿尔米父亲匆匆匆忙救这些失去的羔羊 。
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发商谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	照片俱乐部拍摄了一张照片拍摄试图 , 去墨西哥...
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以我们在20世纪中期制作的选择必须成为一个非常聪明的 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单位矢量 , 那么我应该把这个分成长度 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	威比亚拥有大量的铁墨机 , 金龙注意到 , 今年的手里 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续作为学校的行动主任 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这个代表了事故电子的总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近年来 , 大脑中水分适应器成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义下 , 它是自我编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	毫无疑问 , 或不能满足父母的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	当你kaykayak时 , 迅速的战斗 , 就把大量的墨西哥河冲下来 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将重新修复自己 , 或者可以离开不到多年 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践了面部表达 , 我看起来像狼一样 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这发生了五次或六次 , 猴子很愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	因此 , 我们认为达尔夫突变剂 " ddf1 " 是一种敏感 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	正如它在花园里 , 所以它在上帝王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有许多传奇关注兰特节的原因 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	而在妇女的情况下 , 通常包括性假设 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	睡眠是防止宫颈癌发生的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	紧紧紧密的笔门 , 防止羊羊离开 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	听到它的多学习 , 是在他的道德里的承诺 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	参数化:我看见你自己被抓住了一只马龙鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈妈 , 我会教她去骑手边 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它为测试不相关的应用提供了机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	台海还有另一个名字 , 福西 , 一个古老的三位皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twist可以帮助防止内部机构和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	男性马尔·杜克斯是他们长期以来的 , 精神病 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如此 , 解决立即问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	看看那个是的 , 不像愚蠢一样 , 就像智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	rubbermount ; 有限元模型 ; 静态弹性特性 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创建中国世界杯上海路球场建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领域中 , 问题越来越重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	你是否去了 , 不过在周末我只有时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人来说 , 我认为他的最大的抽屉是 , 像一个或多个双重 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误方向上得到了很好的醉酒和模糊的家乡 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	阿富汗贸易会收到的数字 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到 , 我们只有一个生命 , 也只有一个增强生命的力量 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个快乐是不可知的 , 从农民中分成廉价的黄金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	任何在那一天没有否定自己 , 必须从他人中切断 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	福尼酒店正开始适应人和宠物的两个人和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪wanxian事件和roar的意义 , 中国 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:嘿 , 我是凯瑟 , 凯瑟琼斯 , 你的名字是什么 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	马米是薄薄的朋友很好 , 我的最好希望全部 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗尼 , 出生和牛仔喝蜂蜜 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好的是 , 这是一个直直接的 , 还是 , 不要它吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场繁荣稳定 , 货物供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都反对他们 , 书店 , 书店 , 因为你知道 , 你知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期债券的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	你可能知道在数据库中存储的数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	你也可以尝试使用google的先进命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们还在希腊的美国社区里发挥了情绪 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市都有城市和农村双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他真的错误了 。 他是一位伟大的总统 。 "
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个稍微的 , 金属声音 , 就像一张袋子里的大小一样 , 金属声音 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我是完成的 , 没有点在做歌曲 , 舞蹈 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停下来 , 男孩 ! 我试着做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪钩可以在任何功能的输入或出口中应用 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我在商业前来了 , 但这次我在这里看着 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季小时 " 是美国建立的一个长期建立的机构 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	它似乎大多数中国人使用一个修改的emule , 它似乎是滥用服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局的全球板 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的测试也帮助把几个吸附者放在酒吧后面 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试我们最好的努力减少损伤至少 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	德国每天吃早餐的75%的印象 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	googlegooglegooglegooble网浏览器的市场份额与chrome共享 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	这是我爸的第一年 , 我的爸买了赛季票 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还祝福我们 , 我们能记住我们前辈的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	处理铁路和银行家应建立无锈钢管的无锈钢管 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天安人平方是世界上最好的平方 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化钛生理病毒疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	应力适用于塑性变形的应力通常是压缩的 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是中国最大的粮食生产区之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里·布莱尔在乔治奥威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个森林 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了设置这个任务 , birt提供了数据探索者视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:嘿 , 凯尔斯临床医生 , 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	sergio:是的 , 它肯定是他们有最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	这是令人惊讶的 , 这个男孩能够很快解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	假设你在私人分支中有一个子团队工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写道了时间和杂志心理学 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经在科学中引起了困难 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术是交流 , 也许人们可以从这方面获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我意味着 , 你已经谈论如何适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 是手持文档器的任务吗 ? " 请诺斯问 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新思想是在年轻时代的思想中渗透到了 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	另外 , 我喜欢在这张鞋子里 , 我喜欢另一部详细的细节 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来了更多浓度的雨期间的干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员都搜索自己或她的图书馆的每个球员 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	然后 , 创造在三个神的共同爱上帝的共同爱 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但如果你要做他们永久吗 ? 你去花哪里去哪里 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	除了代码性能外 , 良好的程序员强化了代码性能 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的兄弟学习自行车 , 尽管是自行车 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季的赛季正在我们 , 与我们一起来 , 同时也来到了节日 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在每天使用之前玩它 , 就错过了重要的呼唤 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	它们被用于大量非毒性动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这也许是第一次英国人和其他人联系起来的 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	英国野花没有什么东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究了不同家庭对象的差异 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	任何在尺寸限制的范围应该被修改成更小的一个 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个薄的 , 白发的男人坐在木头座上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但他仍然承认基督徒由于他们面对死亡的方法 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里是五步你可以帮助你的机器跑得更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	这份报告在埃利娜·奥蒂茨的伤口中发现的那个头发 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , cms存储在数据库中所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	文章流速率测量方法相似 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我母亲正在为客户打包一些巴纳fritter 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	左边是罗马帝国皇帝哈里亚的庙庙 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道连接由消息接收器进行 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:吸烟是有毒的味道 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效应和罗根间隔效应 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我推荐所谓的 " 小城英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了使用钛计的应用条件和方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	无论咖啡因是否愿意吃细胞是否少 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	9to5工作调度提供足够的时间来放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ? 这个类型的几个例子 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船不能找到任何东西来捕捉船 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名士兵在失踪状态下 , 在一百名士兵懒惰 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	下午 , 你总能在下午或到马上打击 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年的贫困线总数:815 , 755
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	韩南居民说 , 飞机已经破坏了三块 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国庆的来临 , 我有一个星期的假日 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应是在出现的 , 但实际上可怕的 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	这个男孩在他的强烈点上玩 , 减少了他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这是我们还没有把莫利拖到的地方 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我目前生活的一个必须的城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须通过调查 , 直到所有事实都被发现 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了渗透诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	乘客用海病变得很绿色 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请用清洁纸后用清洁纸 , 请用清洁纸 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一个诺贝利夫人在她自己的右边举行了vis账户 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	因此 , 将有助于解决城市污染的危害影响 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多专业技术有助于建筑学 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态生态生产力和森林产生的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算在每个分区进行平行 , 每个分区都可以执行 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员已经鉴定了汉武武器的炸弹 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道病变是一种常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	断裂是一个可读的故障描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	开发一个努力 , 共同得到各种部门 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不会遇到这两个条件之一 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这个问题吗 ? 没有比其他事情比较吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	米托伦多利亚的危机密切地被密切地转化 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早上 , 大多数的山东应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我想它会在展览中提高一个笑容 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些东西 , 某些东西可以把这家伙都下来吗 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你继续收集 , 那么你会有一个财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	" 你们睡着 , 两人都呼吸了同样的恐惧 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥尔利亚人 , 但我想去家 , 访问塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁 , 所以我会做电影很慢 , 很慢 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	谢谢奥巴马 , 所有的nasa切割 , 你大腿 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们应该做什么 , 所有无限的影响 , 所以回到 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 到年末 , 发现了:它是一个虚假的警告 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数以前 , 除非历史学家 , 他们获得的信仰 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我觉得很沮丧 , 不要感觉自己做什么事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要的步骤 , 也可以成为最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	蜘蛛也对开发信任有更多的理念 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制人员说 , 沙利波夫已经报道 , 这个犯罪感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	玩家在自己的力量上 , 经过艰难的工作 , 实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	答:绝对是 , 它给团队提供了一个分散机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你所形成的桥梁 , 你所知道的所有人都是由这种活力而成的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们两个裙子和裤子都看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗涤室里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	在这两端是一个蓝龙和一只白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	为了弥尔威尔 , 在他们tharxy日志里有金牌 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	拉克:抱歉 , 第二位年轻主人 , 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺马 , 因为她是真正的 , 永远不会放在旁边 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨晚上帝毁灭了我的灵魂 , 放在一个新的灵魂里吗 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	黑客旅游的发展从边缘到典型的实践 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	我们可以用爱和信仰 , 快乐和竞争 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 发生的另一个形式是共享神的词汇 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我在安静地下埋在我的头部 , 但我的姨妈听到我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿石和石油股市移动较低 , 特别是伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的成像发现从未在文学中报道 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三大学生是交通教育课程 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	有时候 , 充满谋杀的看法会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我特别是 , 你最喜欢的椅子是特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	它是一个心碎的两个月 , 是煤炭的两个月 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二 , 我们去了 。 我们做什么呢 ? 告诉我做什么 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节日win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	女人和上帝的祝福 , 必须遵守 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	它不能轻易地在物理考试上进行物理检查 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济爆发的重大程度显著 ; 或是经济的偏移 。
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿斯坦普山的鸟类-------------
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和从启动到端点 , 您希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	在基地里 , 西班牙在米饭里 , 仆人 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件的反对 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但是 , 我想除非你结婚 , 继承它或工作真的很难 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观观角度看到它们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界真的舒适了这个宏观的风险吗 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 有大量的炎症细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	电脑科学:$56 , 400美元 , 97 , 400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称 , gizmo甚至可以改善你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天是否可以看到哈勃在人身上看到哈勃 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风地下 , 干机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	亚历克:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿跟我一起 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后一位拉普约翰举行了他 , 然后开始把他拿起来 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离开了她的丈夫 , 现在生活在一起 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	爆炸是花30分钟来寻找正确的笔子 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束马克的事情 , 到路易的椅子 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道 , 65%的女性有尿病吗 ?
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	由mccmack微线驱动提供的容量控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉如果他们正在用线穿着我的脸 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西是农业的一名手工 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短期扫描时间系列具有多分形性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我订单了头发 , 可是你给我带来绿色的蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	它们从厚的公车后面放松了箭头 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国崇拜文化象征的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推动前进 , 成功最终会见你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以把电子邮件地址转换成谷歌账户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷切不可接受 " 表面 " 的 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海军是海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前董事是王凯教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度对偶像形态的影响也有影响 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	它是米饭菜、汤和巴斯塔的一个很好的补充 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	一个好的绘画是在人们面前显示的 , 每一幅画都是做的 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想加入foshan , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的瑞典 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	圆桌的男人几乎心里有很多心来消除他们 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能不会危险损伤或饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知 , 互联网的特点是明显的和双行为 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看上去像时尚一样 , 人们穿着各种衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	手工来使用 , 你可以享受你的花茶 。
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	用罗棒石油发动机的真空游泳器 , 用于室外使用 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云时 , 我是寒冷的时候 , 冲击者和悲伤 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我会被磨损 , 导致我周围的那些都是不快乐的 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你把它称为一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记住吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后 , 他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一和每个后来的bezierspline只需三个点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	然而 , 我的克萨斯和神话 , 它是真正的声音 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	第二个地方是我们访问的莫纳哥村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮霍克用一只手轻松和快速的衣服 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这个时候 , 它是商业工业的人 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变您的默认门 , 打击输入关键二次 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后 , 本文讨论了jmi的过程和应用 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	西吉罗·托达说他不回忆会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全惊讶 , 自然的伟大自然 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的事情 , 零不存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	海洋人民正在生活在我们中期 , 缓慢发展 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	坎瓦斯画是所有的观众portlet都放在哪里 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼伽迪 , 从西班牙 , 主要对象 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接受者问: " 你看过医生吗 ? "
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后 , 最后一个很好的工具 , 欧元兑换你 !
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火灾 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天都有七个课 , 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是一个在地球上打开门口打开的地球 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们拥有银行系统和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃冲击桌子的角落 , 冲击对面板的影响 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	后来 , 船已经消失了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多亚历人想要关系和孩子们 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	味着 , 蜜蜂在传递中丧失了路径 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以吃什么真正的捐款来消除它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫做友谊7的小洞里 , 他是一个叫做 " 友谊 " 的小洞 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 我没有未来的事情 , 你知道 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐败是实践和理论的一个大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	为了第一次 , 我觉得我正在跑进旷野 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学推广了一支良好的教师 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	然而 , 强烈的火箭规则只能把蛋糕离开 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染器决定您最终渲染器的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花 , 鲜艳的岩石土 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	这个项目只是为了那些 , 为了那些母亲语言的工程 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	阿达姆和埃夫在爱德华园园的园林里与神交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	平宁的母亲是区域护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家把假设针放进我的静脉里 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请根据合同 , 请根据您的合同编码 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	埃格说 , 他的朋友是自信的 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她很喜欢用sob把声音混合起来 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道别人怎么快就去吃热吗 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他喊起来 , 随着他走走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩上建造沙尘 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	最后是最后的房子泡沫 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果它听起来很好 , 请问如果我能看到结果的话 , 我就可以看到 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在星球上 , 一些单位有机会攻击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这个新的痛苦者不久不会在痛苦上行动吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们可以预测这是两个正常人之间的正常日期吗 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	后来 , 我发现世界是受害者 , 人们说不到的 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦这些都完成了你可以使用你的树木 , 来制造垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 年轻的男人愿意在诗人表达上骑 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它显示了头部和饺子记录的所有内容 。
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海洋贸易史的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	第一部分 , 您学习如何创建一个oexserver应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个上 , 它是一个好的计划 , 我们不应该做npick 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	通过实现详细的实现详细分开测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你生活的一部分 , 它将会变得多少 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	把更小的坚持跨向交叉 , 使得更新的效果 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把那个山谷变成了一个闭环 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	乔治斯通常在语言、语言和写作方面很好 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我付了啤酒 , 所以我在最后一瓶吃饭 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大回来 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	你需要计算多少时间的分配将采取 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	不过明天晚上 , 当你下一个免费的时候 , 你就不会去吗 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	马里尔比one站被包装在家里边界交流员 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	不要留在她贫穷的时候 , 病 , 或不美 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	让我们今天不要收集丰富的进步 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性和建设有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和控制组对照组具有异性和异性攻击 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 2 " 与黄色覆盖有关 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机越来越受欢迎 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它处理到底水行业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	鱼鱼鱼鱼的春天的山谷 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信中跳来 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	在15年的句子上 , 把握一只手工可以导致15年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一条柔软的河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今晚工作清理了事情 , 所有 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请把我传递给半圆形砖 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男子在寻找失去孩子的时候寻找这个国家 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	广西市石西编译委员会办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	上帝毁灭 , 我们数字1做恶魔 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一个diot在ahab和他的鲸鱼之间 , 只有一个diot 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对于我来说 , 我可以看到两个双方都能看到硬币 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多棉花 , " 这个人回答道 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 来使你的性生活更加激动 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	由于电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个展览 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	儿童和青少年经验抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在 , 唐代的徐安在哪里 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ?  ! 可能会 。 或者你 。 好吧 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	关于媒体 , 通常是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	温文在2010年12月实践了她的背景 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这里是什么单位 ? 我们写12.011 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:探讨巴士穆利斯的组成部分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安东在大规模的范围上进行项目 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	而且它深化了家庭和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	这个方面 , 卢克的工作已经发生了很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	饮用水的标准在继续提高 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 当然 , " 黑暗的sneser先生 。 "
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我迅速把所有的袜子都洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色黑人回来 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题 , 中国的民事控制的问题 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	霍利弗拉格将被定制为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	菲律的皮肤是整个退休中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	第五 , 我不知道如何感谢你们的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	我今天做得太多了 , 我跑了脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	本公司并没有说 , 银行贷款贷款的文件 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	大约一小时后 , 我意识到我真正需要失败 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 最后 , 如果我们记得我们的差异 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	莱奥:现在 , 如果你跟我跟我跟我跟我去伦敦 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生命 , 爱你 , 我一直梦想着 , 长期以来 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 贫困人很容易 , 因此生活得快乐 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最新5天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	马康是我的好朋友 , 是一位独特的一位 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种具有特征的面貌表达的基本情感 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	死于死亡 , 机会 , 以及时间 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个popuptp将告诉你是否在或离开 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理你的暴力 , 这些事情就可以改变 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄宗是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他被他的朋友给了一名标签 " 玩家 " 的男孩 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不可信我 , 他永远不会结束自己的生活 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指放进混合中 , 然后把它放进混合中 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	加勒比亚水也有完美的分布式死亡 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	夜深处的空气警察声音 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们愿意经过长夜之后 , 可以看到晚上晚上晚上晚上 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	在春天和秋季时期广泛使用 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	法官胡德森的决定将在审判中举行 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我想它会帮助 。 你是最好的 , 你知道这么 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们很难建立我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	没有人看起来似乎是想 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao病人关于数量和蚊子 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	伟大的思想像一样 , 但愚蠢却很少 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	许多人可以用足部疼痛 , 只能失去重 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不会像他们一样 , 但他们永远不会像我一样 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制并在这种合理基础上自我表达 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 , 他避免眼睛接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	这个群体依佛教的宇宙学而来 , 随着佛教的宇宙学而来 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	决定秦日与秦日共同快乐的关系 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	运行者在运行最快的运行过程中丧失了3%的重量 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	周末和平谈到两侧之间的两侧都在崩溃 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	导电活动能与变形之间存在着一个关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑比那些晚期的直接都要大约25% 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看着阳光在东方 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	玉林山断裂是海洋断裂区东部 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将在自杀上读书 , 胡默死了 , 就死了 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	这里只有一个实用的地方 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城市中心是20英尺长的金属盾牌中心 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	同时 , 在中间 , 33岁的中间 , 与阿瓦拉图一起 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船试图逃走 , 当大型船船在船上下降时 , 就会逃走 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他站着几乎广泛 , 他的头顶上升 , 转向他们 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但我认为这将是李子的智慧 , 把你的最好的侧面放出来 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	一个喜欢的丈夫 , 我每天都记得我就像一个女王一样 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	阐述了它们的代谢和反意义的机制 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来到了可爱的蛋糕的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	获得标准行为的本质特征 , 确定是标志行为 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道 , 蛋白的功能与其结构相关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18岁的时候 , 我的服装分离在他们里 , 我的服装很多 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	同样的事情在1月和6月份 , 同样的事情是同样的 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转向齿轮是自动向量系统的重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	坐在数三座座座座座位于巴根庙和巴戈达 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	它是由含有圆形和混凝土混凝土混凝土混凝土混凝土的特征 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前鲨鱼并不制造压缩器 , 一个关键的空调条件组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了提供监视、检查和技术指导 , 为食物卫生提供了监视 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	晚上十三分之一 , 他们终于回到了玛丽琳的温室 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	在信用卡管理系统中 , 实际利率辩论必须在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 也是全世界各地人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要组成部分:各种芳香酮和芳香树脂 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文对蒙古气候变化进行了简要的综述 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大火经常把窗外挤出来 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理一个有效合同必须通过复制原则来处理一个有效的合同 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	优化 , 老虎总是在新鲜挑战中起来 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多黑白人在夜间隐藏的细胞中逃离了 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我并不怀疑一个时刻 , 夫妇的情绪的沉默 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文第一部分在权利观点和权力观点的角度上 , 提出了本文的第一部分 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论改变它 , 但恐惧它只会被视为神经 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你 , 当你病病时 , 就会留在她们的时候 , 你父母告诉你 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18英里的绿色费用和卡迪费 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	几乎每家新公司都抱怨提高种子资本困难的困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	我不愿意从你们的建议 , " 林顿回答道 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我今天吃午饭时 , 我觉得我吃了一些坏的食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	好运动 , 史密斯先生 , 我是太阳来访 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个鞋子已经失去了 。 邪恶的面孔的恶魔 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	先生10:23 , 当他们在这个城市里 , 飞到另一个城市时 , 飞行到另一个 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	咱们在wpi的机器人工程项目看课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我认为这是我送来的 , " 他补充道 , 解决员工 。 "
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我就没有权利把自己放在上面的地方 , 因为他忙碌了 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	火车充满了庆祝 , 因为夏天的气候 , 由于夏天的日常情绪 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元来买一张桌子 , 用孔子买一张桌子 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	每股美元储蓄股价上涨至1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人死了 , 有些人被吓死了 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	在历史和永恒之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢肯定 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	发现还揭示了男性迅速竞争对女性伙伴如何安静 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改进了cadre和个人通道文件的管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红色叙事:你可以说他可以做好 , 用卫生来做好 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天是很好的 , 请来看我再看我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数千名军人在枪兵和训练中交往 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和金海岸环境经济阶级空间票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 一个艺术家的概念是空间发射系统爆发的概念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc具有比氧化碳酸二氧化碳的均匀工作功能分布 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	许多琼斯的老朋友加入了他的团队 , 和一些新人一起 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法叫做 " 幻想 " 的方法 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想理解它喜欢儿子和父亲彼此相关的事情 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们正在进行采样 , 以理解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只是允许她那么在车辆里闪光 , 允许她到那么醒来 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	编辑的效果可能使你忘记在过程中被指导的事情 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	是的 , 他轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻地闪着 。 " 是的 , 那是我的女孩 。
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	把鱼填在厨房里 , 用一些盐和辣椒结合起来 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司专业生产宠物集团 , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	经过多年的玫瑰月球 , 她最终发现他与她的爱情 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 获得无意义 , 给予全部 。 t5 。 第1.7 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	而 " 改变 " 则指通过深化改革来解决员工潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当某人驾驶一辆完美的汽车 , 没有人责任汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户还可以选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是泡沫的扇子 , 你就可以尝试感到感觉的水 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	所以听到现在 , 你会冲突 , 喝醉 , 但不用酒 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾炎温暖 , 促进所有vicera和机器官 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	解决地下水问题的一种离子反应有很多方法 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光增强剂在山坡、皂和面部洗涤中优势 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理家是饮食 , 安静和默里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	从2001年的长期公布市场趋势下降 , 从2001年的长期公布市场趋势仍然是因素 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	鱼类集中是1980年开发的一种新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把尾巴从尾巴从尾巴到头部 , 用鱼和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着纳西斯 , 首先说话 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我会买一只婴儿的兔子就像吴先生一样买 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始了一群商业 , 他们说 , 我们分开开了这个程序 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你正在做一个比赛 , 所以说话 , 不必要 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实际材料主义和管道理论的本质 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚的格雷菲蒂在首都迪利附近 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶保护者绝对希望把所有的本质移植到了 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个名为内存管理单元的子系统 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方周日表示 , 死亡在拍摄玫瑰的86年 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物介质和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是 , 年轻人看作是创新创新和创造力的重要内容 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议与 " 抗议 " 的任何东西相反 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑首席蓝色在记者写作的文章 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	为了日期 , 今年 , 今年已经有63 , 595个销售 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表声明 , 我们的网站将是我们的广场的一部分 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	另外 , 每个人都用自己的用途都可以做任何他们想要和愿意的东西 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	后来 , 尽管好规划 , 产品开始运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	严格的时间是一种宝贵 , 为懒惰的人 , 是一种燃烧 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝绸被称为良好的品质 , 他们是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始建立你的团队 , 你会在未来有很容易的时间 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但即使是这样 , 两妹仍然不能帮助 , 但想她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕捕捉 , 年度结果显示 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	我的嘴里很广泛 , 当我进入了西拉蒂的杯子房间时 , 我的嘴巴就很开了 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象另外25000万人在未来20年的中国城市化中国 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	您可以用垂直箭头来获得详细的锁定 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些地形被禁止天城 , 或者 " 自然形成的地方 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球到达第二手之前 , 你会把它产到风中吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形成的珠子 , 耳朵 , 一个儿子 , 欢迎订单 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	正如何释放 , 机构将与相关的法律相关 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你认为这是一个很好的机会 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	twiggy是两个男孩和女孩的小孩 , 她的时候镜头 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走到了路上 , 他等待更多的权利更好 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	经过一段时间的沉积后 , tweener到达了 , 然后把炉子拿出来 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	世界一般来说 , 越来越多你的新娘世界 , 接受了游客 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	在图片质量的条件下 , 栈2.4x比图片质量的2x更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听听这篇文章的主要理念 , 找出了本文的主要理念 , 以及如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素首先成为糖尿病使用的一般可用的 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 没有所有长期的餐馆都是庆祝的 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效应分析:每天心都有魔鬼身体 , 分支了 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 亲吻他 , 爱他 , 爱他一切心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 您将能在同时打断热栏配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	过去有许多驾驶过去的一些rubber估计在卡尔达·卢普尔附近 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	瓦达错误约翰是新加坡的民族花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合张胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	研究和研究了玉山医学植物的药物植物 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这个缺陷了匿名类型的强类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	孙元文是清末清代后期的重要图 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的来源是自动化的重要社会后果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这是许多孩子们的意识 , 很多孩子不能去学校 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	很难把他带到完成的一个定义日期 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多我们在电脑内做的问题 , 或者技术上 , 是在自然中 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个男子是来自伊雷德尔郡谢里夫的办公室的地下部门 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:请更新我们关于新华成员活动的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣为什么做些泥泞 , 把它放在人眼里 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	船长带来了男人注意力作为一般到达的 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 , 他忘记他不生长任何年轻 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	您需要将现有的项目负载到整合开发环境中 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	而且 , 在菲律师与癌症战争期间 , 他们会沿着他身边战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 它将更难避免自定义考试 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	美国的利物公司正在寻找在金融危机中寻求激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	它是控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	跟踪您需要支付保险和办公供应的保险和办公供应多少 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 在接收g频繁的接收后 , 通常在转变良好的情绪 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称受害者的身体 , 例如重复工作 , 是在路下的 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志中读到这一点 , 它是一项新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是夏季三角洲星系的第三个星系的讨论 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在游戏园里 , 他自从演员 , 它是错误的劳动 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	采用此工厂 , 设计了以下的数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩破坏了泥泞、枝子和叶子的流动 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	咱们第一次喝一些咖啡 , 我也喜欢一个沙威奇 , 还有 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布林纳的工作纯粹是在这里 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我称这是意大利的 " 吸引了梅西亚现象的 " 矛盾 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	阅读方向 , 直接在正确的方向中 , 将直接在正确的方向 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但当政策持有者是抵押人民时 , 应该是不同的 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计 , 你已经怀孕和你的日期多久 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为某些原因 , 我的意见是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定什么时候 , 还是不要金融 , 有很多因素来consider 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们家里有七个孩子 , 所有妹 , 除了我外 , 除了我 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它提供了理论基础 , 为本内部特定推广器使用提供了理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出他们的门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界里 , 还有一个印象的春水和秋山风景 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了许多这样的草原专家在双方 。 com上发现了 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我制造了鲸鱼 , 鱼和鸟类的大小、形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人意味着一起 , 最终他们会找到他们的表面 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评估:平行网络没有数据地方的数据 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐馆建议可以被其他朋友视为 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图把许多实施放到那里 , 就像可能的那样可能 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	那时他曾经吃过的厨房去鲨鱼 。 ( 没有猫 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	shield和healalic邮件显示您的自定义禁止 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	有些人相信中央政府和中央政府有关 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她过去了一场犯罪场景 , 有人在街上拍摄 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	第二章节项目的东端比大门东部的东部更快 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有发现的人都发现了 , 开放的瓶子都被放到死亡 。
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0中 , 介绍了许多额外增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿意释放耶稣 , 再次向他们讲话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗意义和调整免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要注册域名和注册人签名 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁滚动提供最大负荷轴承支持 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南称为 " 植物王国 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 罗森伯格在军事衣服里 , 是一名前沿的俄罗斯堡 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 , 永远 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器配件配件 , 适合于插件的翅膀 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后 , 他把整体变成整体 , 把下八个小时作为尘埃人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块樱桃的奶酪 , 在这里 , 我把包裹在它里 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们来到三分之一 , 这是因为ivor在启动中抓到了一个蟹权利 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	在冬天后 , 蜜蜂不会发现死亡的蜜蜂 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	stiga现在已经经营与同一膀胱相同的速度和触摸 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	你可以用n , 或maxarg , 参数覆盖这个行为 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	不 , 你可以把他放在整个晚上 , " 我回答道 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	同时 , 它们的敏感度比永远更加明显 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有对我的心灵的中国作家都是值得回答的东西 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	谁 , 为谁 , 谁等待在一千年中等待永久吗 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会错过机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这些是由阿瑟的半妹摩根领导的 , 摩根 , 摩根是一名巫师 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在kelly下 , 西方与圣乔治的圣乔治合作 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我打电话叫你 , 因为那个男孩来自你的城市 , 哈尼顿博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一张全球图片 , 但即使我们在形式上重新回来 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	虽然它将意味着实际上我们可能会看到不同或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房屋成本与数百万人民的重要利益有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	提名和八个婚姻 , 死于79岁的洛杉矶 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野生竞选负荷都对波尔克和克莱斯进行了反对 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	在初步学习序列的初始学习中 , 这些区域不同于不同 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的压力 , 用同意和拉普斯拉佐利 , 填充了一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁的飞行区 , 然后第一条腿的缝隙和半径 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察宁宁宁宁宁市小桩供应理论的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	在医院有助于帮助您的医院里 , 乳腺炎是可用的 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了适当处理批评 , 您还需要正确的处理 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怜 。 无法死 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	正如我喂养自己的时候 , 我不期待被奖励 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	比利在车辆碰撞时停下了一包包包 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	当某人说: " 我是一个讲话者 , " 这通常是他们意义的 。 "
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	在高速公路的高速填充部分中 , 可用盐化渣渣渣灰 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	该发现由纳萨飞机发射电镜制成的发现 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是骑着煤器来获得更大的碎片 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	在某些接收器上 , 采用辐射和绑定评估法 ;
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	远离这个国家 , 但总是和我一起 , 我都是在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有的失败情绪都是一个必须在生活中结束的事情 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这个项目对许多原因有兴趣 , " 罗龙先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 友谊世界的友谊有嫉妒 , 无论爱 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	格式燃烧了笑: " 你觉得你是什么 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔网络受伤 , 我得到了我的机会 , 为英格兰打球 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的手指做了一些金属脚本 , 学会再次玩耍 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以保持你的冷却 , 她会注意到 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	在比赛中 , 这些游戏只是飞过前面的其他包车 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	提高水处理效率也是节约水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	杰里的眼睛在看着城市灯光的时候 , 看见耶路姆的眼睛 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开了5:00毫米 , 我们都很快乐 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你觉得 " 智能 " 的人知识技术和商务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢您组织 , 我发现它最有趣的 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是黑绿色 , 深刻运行 , 运行全年 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也将有访问自由教育的自由教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了识别疾病 , 审查和报告是遵循的 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	耶安妮是对的 。 这里可以打猎和拍摄自由 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我跳得很好 , " 他说她很忙 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	将这项研究和营销运作将是弗拉德先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	霍姆斯也很少 , 这使新西兰生活在一个安全的地方 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在citigroup , 收入下降28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰仍然可以通过这些挑战时间移动 , 而且可以通过这些挑战时代呢 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	在你的房子里 , 没有好的亨利 , 在另一个房子里 , 还有另一个房子里的裂缝 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	亚伯拉先生说 , 与波威尔的谈话深深 , 希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私法的编码应该在德国引导的一个 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我把我的生活变成文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 操作系统在组装中处理并不可移动 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你会有一些东西 , 它甚至可以在你身上结束 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公平公平公平中 , 必须避免峡谷离开 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小梅梅德是安德森的更多的运动公平之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	就像婴儿腐蚀剂一样 , 就像婴儿腐烂的蛋一样 , 它被戴米斯自己看到 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应当附加文档和形式 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	海军蓝色是信任的颜色 , 给我们信心 , " 林德萨说 。
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除此 , 分析延续mosaurs的基因 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船壳的集体设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	grasp规划是主奴隶性手抓住最重要的主题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	使用最新技术和程序 , 在制造、办公室管理和设计中使用 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回指定的项目的零基本指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着看到外面伸展 , 开始把一只鸭腿伸到一边 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道对仪器行业的辩论将永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	介绍了电线载体设备的应用及选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业范围 , 它为了连接资源的链接 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年 , 国际大学毕业生总数上升12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺不仅是理性和性能 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	lunenburg的城市就像舌利一样 , 也是世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种用于氧化氢的新催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨ptts对大鼠焦脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	弗拉德拉德尔达伦-星星系对海滩的暴力和游泳水的暴力与暴力相比 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	塔尔帕林 , 可以看到中国各地的各地 , 说不仅是独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	一个深刻的变化正在到来 , 它旨在转换几个生命的elelophellos 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏季的几个月里 , 小鼠通常生活在外面 , 仍然保持在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	制造一个滑动平行的关键是控制的侧面 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一步是实现连接组件的运行时线的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个免费的抽屉啤酒在午餐时间午餐时间购买时啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱 , 陪审员已经获得了他的责任 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	美国六所学校获得了超过2 , 250度的奖励 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须将武器冲进加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我很满意 , 从2001年到目前的几年里 , 到目前的几年里 , 到了过去的生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:在几个项目中映射各种抽象工作流程 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	在日常交易中 , 中世世界各地的交易中 , 从来没有坚持准备金钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能吸引和扭转人们 , 希望得到准确和可信的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgmlsgmls是世界上最广泛的sgmlparser 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看起来 , 纳米 , 香水 , " 埃利亚坚持着一瓶可口的酒瓶 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾经试图回答这些问题 , 就像你自己一样 , 还是为了别人呢 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	目录包括项目最新版本和其描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	自1997年以来 , 它设立税政策 , 自1997年以来也是一份预算报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立新型胶囊的质量鉴别方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫方法在检测尿道尿道尿道分析中 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他对他的同学做了完整的准备 , 仔细地修正我们的家庭轨道 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	拉迪·加格:为了哈莱昂 , 我将去bebe...小怪 !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活的生物跑步 , 返回作为闪光的闪光的闪光 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们以各种法律学家和法律学术为主 , 在交易上获得了不同的法律学术 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	当poisson比为零时 , 得到了变换的正确解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响了5个友好的目标和5个敌人目标的最大目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然希望看到只看到晚期ipping , 脚本编写视频 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个微笑 , 一个狭窄的微笑 , 可是有一笑 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小化惩罚 , 可能有助于防止烧伤材料的烧伤 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合分离系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的路板安波尔·安波尔·阿克莱·阿克莱特·阿克莱·阿克莱特·安德·阿克莱特·阿克莱特·阿克里·阿克莱特·阿克里·艾格
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高腐蚀水平可以影响睡眠、重量和免疫阻力 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果心理问题的发生率为15.79% , 编辑器中15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划出版一系列现代版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	由樱桃木制成 , 所有的块块和清洁都由樱桃木制成 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品已被编译成了jotungi的系列艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进鳄鱼 , 只要把它们打开 , 你想抓住我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢你做什么时候 , 你更有可能做得更好 , 做得成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的观点对我提出了 " 如何 " 这些邮件的一部分 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache是在过程列表中 , 这可以做一个skip测试 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是我们的 , 如果每个评论都离开了2:08 , 它必须是一个关键 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁的感觉 , 一个宇航员 , 在他的眼睛里获得soap , 开始撕裂 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , td数字处理器在技术上可行 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将为您提供一些关于观点、食物、住宅的查询或参考 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	英国民主党的英国字塔说 , 暴力必须被删除 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:好吧 , 这是一个...好吧 , 让我教你 。 另一个等于两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文在传统语法学家的研究基础上 , 给出了一个进一步的发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help改善 。 因此 , 它是中国的基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻将会纳入 , 你会有梦想 ; 但这次研究 , 你会解释梦想 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我提到的一样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要 " 问 " 如果你可以直接做一些东西 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问 , 这个男人说 , 他是永远玩安全 , 但在一年里没有测试 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	" 哦 , 这是他的母亲 , 她想要他一名医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	好的看法是一个看法 , 但它是一个步骤的观察 , 这是什么使所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	蝴蝶 , 飞往德拉 , 说: " 你可以在空中闻到春天吗 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我喜欢上帝 , 我将把你从这房子里扔出来 , 从不再看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次你触摸你的脸 , 你都会用糖果和石油 , 可以登记粉末 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	初始线将由塔拉成员设计 , 包括写作和图片 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果一个数量不允许在申请中提交这个子句 , 应该申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebay声称 , 它的工作比其他支付服务更好 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同的tnm阶段与整体相关系数是0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃正确的话 , 你可以说 , 就可以用来反对法庭的法庭 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 由m50天空的检测引起的干扰导致了m50天空的存在 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	愿你依然坚强 , 继续祈祷我们 , 大多数荣誉耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	您还可以设计自己的模块 , 所以webmin总是可以适应您的需求 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	交易员在pc上打电话 , 用usb电话或头部调用电话 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们希望解决我们的国家和我们的关系十年来解决问题 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有许多方法 , 我认为我们每次都需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转变了十五岁时 , 她发现了勇气走去 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在面试结束结束结束时 , 没有什么更加伤害 , 而不会有一个单个问题 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	周围在chiffon , 可调节肩带和层面的滑动 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	另外 , bba可以增加hsp60的表达 , 在sn病变后 , 可以增加hsp60的表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	默里把她的头发放了 。 " 我不认为他们仍然是如何生活 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实的案例是一名23岁的男子 , 西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单个旗舰产品与潜在集成到其他方面的scm套件的其他方面 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿兹 , 欢迎到一个新周的cn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次 , 约翰流到香港 , 他就太害怕他必须使用空气病袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我离开垃圾时 , 它被覆盖在鸡蛋里 , 坚韧的垃圾 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听到报道 , 知道景观 , 插入你的耳朵 , 走在前面 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	留下耶和华看见它 , 把他放弃了 , 把他从他那里转去 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组显著低于其他人 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做什么好 , 不管怎么小 , 庆祝他们只是在月球上 , 就像他们一样地庆祝了 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	鉴别类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请调用奥运邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你 , 比你知道的爱情 , 就像每天一样生长 , 就会有些人 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的猫猫 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	使用 " 我被破坏 " 模式表达自己的时候 , 当你觉得稳定时 , 使用 " 我被破坏 " 模式来表达自己 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我父母讲话和行动如 " 老孩子 " , 常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	布弗洛在我们共享的材料中提供了许多观点 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国从2007-2009年刚刚刚刚刚刚刚刚出现了两年的衰退 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 除了大碗内 , 直到大小两分之外 , 膝盖10分钟 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们倾向了这个想法 , 说迪兹刚想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	在我们之间 , 你不能隐藏 , 一个陌生的手重在你的心里 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续到南沙拉的时候 , 已经成为灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红玫瑰 , 今晚将穿上你的心 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们真正的目的 , 我们不能找到自己的生活意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	他的悲伤jim似乎很快就醒来了 。 他把自己的della打碎了 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	这只树只是一个在普通金鱼的双粒变化的花园里 , 只有一个在一般金鱼的花园里 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	无论音乐 , 雕刻 , 扔 , 寻求蜘蛛连接 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何 , 选点问张晓是一个小小小的羊毛 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙子正在困扰和沉默 , 因为它们采取翅膀和呼吸 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你们的意识小时可能更好的花费 , 是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人广告广告了他们的服务 , 称为scort服务 , 在互联网上 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们添加了人工智能 , 我们可以发现如果设备快乐 , 那么设备就可以快乐 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	另外 , 2/84例不能被rsca检测到它们的贫困pcr结果检测 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我将生活在你身边 , 只是在天空里爬上你 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 但我不知道 , 同时 , 我觉得人们在做什么时候真的兴趣 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在雅典 , 510-490英亩 , 来自意大利 , 意大利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅仅恢复一段时间 , 将被称为 " 烹饪 " 到 " 好 " 的时候 , 就像我可以 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦和草的年轻植物是饲养小麦的最佳植物 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	现在 , 随着越来越多的人研究 , 返回并不如此流行 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终 , 人群藏在他身上 , 他刚刚刚刚在树上游泳 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	在1840年 , 我们都知道 , 中国在1840年开始到现代化 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰布·威尔金森:一个人只有一个生命 , 但历史只能记住你永远 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 将海水从危机中推出来 , 它会遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.cohen教学和其预测需要在这个范围上采取 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年末 , 一些n反对已经意识到市场可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	农业科学家joenbergdeboer说 , 这帮助当地农民与他们有关 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我感觉不错 , 听到这句话 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	nitrate是zhelin湾溶解的无机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一个肝过滤 , 以消除最大的原因 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果您决定有更多的特性数据库后 , 您必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻花时 , 它也许太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	kra不能直接应用到不确定的数据 , 因为不确定数据有可能性 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的休息 , 期待薪酬和照片 , 请通过邮件发送 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李宝说 , 在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是培养良好的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但是 , 也许你喜欢在大屏幕上看到它吗 ? 也许在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持了他的强烈和暴力的mien , 水瓶在他的袋子里 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流网站 , 城市是危害生物侵袭的危害风险较高的风险 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合爆发中 , 具有跨越犯罪的形式 , 也存在了其他行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 实例了人体观察器的能力 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细的检查证实 , 无论怎样 , 无论怎么样 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时候 , 这将适用于切断视觉设计或帮助麻烦 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	无论我去哪里 , 杨州的蛇不会离开我的心里 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接速度增加是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	在这里 , 希望更多的工作转换成英语 。 很快 , 请你 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中癌症的表现是一种生物学分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	飞行是飞行钓鱼 , 微芯片是个人电脑的 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	今天 , 我们把老师放在今天 , 把我们的老师赶上去 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	物理检查的发现与不同神经根缺陷相关 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	破坏 , 折射膝疼痛 , 满足下列标准的两者 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全是美丽、清洁、植物丰富的 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	您可以通过空气干燥运动来延长水工织物的生命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	chill冬天并没有影响夏季和秋季发生的趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	例如 , 在小康 , 例如 , 在这个领域中 , 一些问题已经被移动 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	投资者的分裂可能是很难培养文化的困难 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个交易活动pixel的ttitreset技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	好的 , 答案简单 , 答案使用反exple 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:测定北地区的营养物 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄龙在南宋时期烧火龙 , 回到南宋时期 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	他是个巨大的 , 黑绿色的面孔 , 从年轻的土地里来看 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印一个机可隔离列表特征的插件提供的特定插件 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思想的一种材料形式 , 语言和操作 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人经常被吃 , 被迫生活在监狱的条件下 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	营销部门级位于销售中 。 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的旅行过程中 , 我们已经学到了我们访问的所有地方 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去了意大利这个美丽的地方 , 它叫做tuscany 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那时 , 他也许三明确她 , 清理她 , 用水洗净她 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	如何克服我的老年自我吸引心理 ? 非常激励 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	直到深圳大学的初始始始始始始始始始始始阶段 , 两个星期不到两个星期 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	橡胶 , 用于加热 , 更容易被皮肤吸收 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	它站在地方 , 它的肌肉 , 然后把肌肉丢掉了 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了获得自己实际上做 , 我最喜欢的尝试是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一步将会加入这样的系统 , 以便在主要的地铁地区 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国 , 8%的孩子中 , 没有正式教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸爸被诊断为hellos生命原始的多种扫描 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 欧洲第二次最高的游客 , 巴黎 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	几个月 , 房子在修理下 , 我们住在下一个门上 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	新闻并非所有坏 , 根据一份合同的编辑 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的一个对象是微小化一个电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehobbbbbbbbbbb作为一个项目经理 。 当她们为女性时 , 她是女性工作的时候 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基壁纸的研制及生产工艺 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们把红球替换成蓝球 , 看看看是否可以注意到 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	大大威胁将战斗云水地震 , 继续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为头发纤维的外部特性层被破坏 , 破坏了 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、氨基酶、糖尿酶等化合物 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经毁坏了阿根廷的5 " 超级颜色 " 的袭击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	应力壳的应力小于吸入式间隔导航 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	这种炉子在安山铁和钢铁中使用 。 作为示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国对总统法官的选举制度进行了改革 , 实现了5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体放松 , 感觉紧张失望 , 但不要睡眠 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	大约6个月后 , 沉默中有一些重要的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们一旦拿起他们的邻居的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的卫生 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	请问 , 问题 , 没有相关性 , 两者之间有一个典型的连接 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	后面的原因是 , 它的产品似乎有更高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	azo被电子束蒸发在k9基础上 , 由电子束蒸发 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个调查站是我在电梯信息卡上列出的地方 , 我在电梯信息卡上 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc绝缘和pvc深厚的钢丝激励电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术已广泛应用于水处理工业 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当垃圾填充时 , 它将填充在所有的垃圾里 , 把塑料紧缩 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马莫斯特厨房里 , 彼得准备猴日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	黄金吸引寻找世界 , 人类世界的友谊难以寻求 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	文章还描述了解决方案、控制条件和清理结果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大多数星期 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮流摩擦理论是动态异常的关注 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激活的o2分子氧化了解决方案中自由基础 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	詹娜:澳大利亚指责一家中国餐馆的中国餐馆 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂复杂的热调操作器是一个重要的结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	好吧 , 如果我有选项 , 我会真的想去毕业生语言学校 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 在破裂后 , 个人已经减少自我概念障碍 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今晚 , 组织通过绿色屏幕的新昆虫发出的新昆虫的暖气 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由一座激光塑料的塑料布置安装 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	随着越来越来越多的时候 , 就像马克里xian地面 , 全球yot 。
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金和资金资金 , 为救援和灾难救济 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布图像的形象 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人将接受他们的测试报告 , 在他们完成了他们的测试之后 , 接受他们的测试报告 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱时 , 鱼类通胀自身并成为形式的全球 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了数据结构大型数据结构的图片 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九个点是通过900个简单的参考 , 便于900个 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我喜欢继续留下来 , 但我妈妈会把我不回家 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那里时 , 你认为的第一件事就是 " 哦 , 这个地方是令人惊讶的 。 "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 在每个村庄的村庄里 , 她每个村庄里 , 她都会带着恐怖性暴力 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	时候 , 也许两周 , 你会准备为一个光和目标准备 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	讨论了颗粒双裂纹的分裂频率的特点 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	教授:基于高分辨图像组件的报告将在高质量上印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱不会在彼此聚集 , 而且寻找同一方向相同的方向 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染的大源 , 以及其受害者 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么呢 ? 实际上我住在那里 , 当我说答案在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们很快就会发现我们的表现在我们的会议之前 , 我们就会在会议之前做到了 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	无论是奥克兰 , 爱苹果产品 , 还有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说: " 他们往往往往往往往往往向海湾 , 石油正在消除海外 。 "
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试是非常有趣的 , 因为stringbuffers被优化为执行快速的申请 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后 , 您可以创建有益的检查员或其他文章作为人们可以下载的pdfs 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待什么都是完美的 , 你就会等待一段时间 。 "
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	查看有访问网站的人们 , 你将在人群上 。 aspx页面 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显示了西方 , 可是种类和照顾 , 感谢我感觉很重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	专家说 , 在某些情况下 , 是的 , 是的 , 可是 , 另一位关键主义生活在一起 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年 , 苏拉托从苏卡诺成为印度总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅能走出水 , 而且他们也可以在土地上旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	这个男孩把苹果停下来 , 然后把苹果扔掉 , 然后把它扔掉了 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为一种新方法 , 红外追踪技术在土壤腐蚀研究中广泛应用 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还通过 " 基因移植 " 转换了一种细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	它与我的nikon50mf1.4相比 , 在max温度下 , 与我的nikon50mf1.4相比 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少每个符号间隔的时间 , 每个符号间隔的时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那么为什么你哭 ? " 问鸟儿 , " 你是给我吃湿了 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自从那时16年以来 , 战争战争继续坚持 , 但相对小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上是个小点 , 因为我真喜欢米歇根州立大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我看我所有的竞争对手密切 , 很多尊重 。 "
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	不过 , 多比要来 。 多比要保护哈利波特 , 警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	贝尼和他的房间一起回家 , 所以晚些时候还有很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择阅读每一句话 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	阿富汗法律无法律的阿富汗可以再次成为基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	另外 , 我的团队都是勇敢的 , 种类和可用的衣房 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 像自杀 , 在生命保险情况下 , 就像自杀一样 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢乌克斯 , 电动等于把头放在一个混合器 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以把水滚掉 , 通过把它们减少到五个程度 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	马吉说: " 我知道 , 可是只有一年和一半毕业 。 "
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使在寻找一只猫狮子的时候 , 不要把衣服就像一只不制造的床子 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它来到塑料板上 , 用肉滴下骨头的肉滴下来 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	炸药在鱼、蟹、蟹类和龟类之间的洪水树之间 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	2030年锅炉不需要修改 , 以满足新规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满欢乐和希望 , 所有的祝福神都希望我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年 , 我们从我城市的重庆市长达30名市长 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能阅读它 , 就不管你有什么访问 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信 , 在各种问题上具有强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	设计整个ihr接触点在头部或地区水平 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我觉得我们在一个更长的趋势下 , 或只是一个下通道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但这种效果太不具体 , 很少会导致清晰和安全转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无论如何说它是一个欢迎的欢迎 , 但它仍然没有那么乐趣 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高背击的座位设计适合一个生长的孩子 , 120个lbs 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一位优秀的学生 , 他会做一个优秀的学生 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了1888无锈钢的腐蚀和消除方法的原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说她正在考虑一旦居民被允许搬回 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以 , 除了那个旧日记 , 或者打开一个单词文档 , 然后尝试 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持空间形状和通常释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尔·贝利亚的故事 , 一个来自纽卡的无家人 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	而且我会喂养奴隶的块 , 甚至你 , 就算是你 , 贫穷的地板 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3其他os安装器从监狱下载 , 节省它作为其他的 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	另外一个437例其他病例和2077年控制结果产生了相同的结果 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到会议 , 那么你有更多时间来准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展现了不同背景的中国女性生活条件 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	这只是在你头后面的 , 所以你甚至没有注意到它 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择自己的生活和比尔盖茨的生活之间 , 那么它是一名没有大脑之间 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球和弯曲性能 , 高电安装性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	范围上 , 志愿联盟的原则引起了农民的低势 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波的最高位置模式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这指出了一般历史趋势 , 这是人们吸引的 , 没有人能防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我对我说话很少人看见我 , 我必须保持承诺 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	生物固定膜滤波器的控制是一种经济和有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的个人在全身鞋子里捕捉到不同的角色 , 而在椅子的路上 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	为了雇员和企业之间 , 企业应该成为第一赢后的员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后 , cicsci连接厂提供了cics服务器的连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladesystem给管理构成的基础设施提供了一个层次和相关的基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦领土为晚期战争状态 , 秦统一中国在北部的县之后 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员提供了更多的能力来处理更少的系统 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了 , 这是对象说的 , 答案已经得到了 , 明显没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息共同获得指纹印刷和palm模式印刷 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	洪水重组是三峡大坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然成年人的四分之一会比预期的90多岁 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	对于这种原因 , 我们继续继续对印度平等的印度平衡进行 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标签 , 或ll-labeingingingingeded是由通道分配问题移动的 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维经过足够的增加后 , 采取糖 , 去除蛋白处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含了促进器的主要结构的基本特征 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	介绍了碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	参与者帮助学习频率的时候 , 学习卡马的传播必要 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用饲料酒精液 , 建立了酒精肝障碍模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	它保证我们一个夏天的承诺季节 , 也是夏季最重要的季节秋季 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法研究了沥青氧化物的氯化平衡方法 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜂蜜技术是一种活跃防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展验证协议可以支持许多验证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们吸引了他们的力量 , 燃烧了人民 , 因此在群众中吸引了强烈的暴乱 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型 , 从psd到rtfs , 被接受并下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	qianxuesen是科学家的最伟大的科学家之一 , 他们对科学造成了巨大的贡献 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当爱德发现时 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕捉几个关键成员卡特尔的关键成员 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地找到了20岁的女儿穿着她从美国返回家的时候回家 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	林回到1925年 , 作为北京国家职业艺术学校的主任 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果312个月患者随访312个月 , 所有患者均获得满意的结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后留下来 , 帕德雷斯基与他的左手接下来 , 开始填充基础的部分 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前面的操作符适用于现有文件 , 后者重写现有内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	可获得马氏变换量的数量 , 随着这些因素的增加而降低 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 国王在一百八名叫做 " 荣誉 " 和 " 孙武 " 训练 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	福克金字下面应用 " 福岛东海水 " 的同一过程 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉兄弟只有 , 目标是一个被转移的男人 , 威胁他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:王室主办一个正式婚礼午餐650名客人 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的权利意味着这个国家和其他人不应该选择 , 没有能力侵入 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	在安装中 , brea将是橘子县最大的太阳能用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	周二 , 冰岛的火山仍然在爆发 , 尽管云也低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	帮助甚至离开皮肤 , 液压皮肤 , 当我干燥的皮肤时 , 我也有很干燥的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	传统的云朵只有在路上被悲伤的时候 , 马克红尘暴雨 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	很快或后来 , 波浪就会沿着并打击我们工作的那么艰难的努力 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的基本利益和人民的基本利益的基本利益 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们还可以鼓励他们的雇员捐款时间来捐赠当地的企业家俱乐部 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	它意味着我们在1500年对手下 , 我们正在与你相匹配 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街道摄影师四个美妙的营销理念 , 营销方式为可调 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这小飞机将是短期的星星 , 同时形状 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女性在城市的阴影中留下了铁窗铁线 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育的产业是西方教育的重要模式之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	路易斯 。 一个火星和生活在一起 , 被发现的火星流行 , 生命岛 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同时也有詹姆斯和约翰 , 泽布斯的儿子 , 是西蒙的伴侣 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持在首都战斗中 , 与欧元潘杀死孩子一起 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	每个月从亚洲电影制造商每个电影制造商都会出现破坏 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们携带了班纳建议宗教自由和sang " 我们应该收入 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他简单地观察了一套吸引力的冲击 , 甚至是对自己的吸引力 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	作为功能材料广泛应用于自动汽车 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是自由的 , 多比来节省哈利波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇到不到 , 虽然很好 , 但可以追踪大量的预料 , 紧张和紧张 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过旧镇 , 看着一个很古老的房子 , 看着一个很老的房子 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	当你走进门时 , 你看到的第一件事 , 我们的小朋友来自安罗波利 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	虽然一些人需要立刻注意力 , 您的参与并不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	价格风险在非传统的portfolio中提升 , 以及在传统的portfolio中 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 如高的s/n、良好的平等性和非频率 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	然后 , 这导致了摩西生长的账户 , 以及他对尼利河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚对我们使用的大规模毁灭武器 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	随后 , 日本当局证实了老师已被日本当局调查 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要更好的生产性方法 , 这样你可以与其他人合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可用于您的新和现有的解决中心项目中心重用 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你一定要有鲸鱼 , 太平边长比新鲜的东西更可行 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右键单击knuckle角 , 左单击控制slew和topping角 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	燕子走到宫殿里 , 由薄薄而弱的马推出来 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为促进当地食品文化 , 采矿土地菜肴为本质菜肴提供了良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空接触的统计破坏特性 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	数据库资源可以使用jdbc和记录级访问 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpc的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院里听到的那位仆人女孩 , 听着你的仍然听到qiajean吗 ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 如果有些人熟悉佛教的二次死亡 , 佛教的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在 , 这里是我们发现的好消息 , 你的其他腿不需要被删除 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨ct诊断小肠内肿瘤的价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	berrimafide的教学是海洋保险法的基本原理 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港贸易开发委员会执行主任香港贸易开发委员会 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这看起来 , 我已经收到了 , 现在已经把自己的孩子送到了 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用一种称为重力镜的现象检测了远程星系的距离 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	在此基础上 , 首先介绍了恒星星星星系的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何在phd解析建议上搜索小说的方法 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说 , 他们喜欢设计灵活性 , 他们通过消除空间消除空间消除 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特征之一是处理多种语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你很喜欢把你的女儿打击了杯子 , 她破了泪水 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑者的注意:这个故事的原版本错误了马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	在设计中 , 采用木材材材料 , 用于各种工具和事实的木材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	金钱收集被用来建立一个零的场景 , 进入体育场 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转变了一群当地战斗者在附近的路板附近的一群地方战斗者 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间里的床紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧靠窗户 , 而他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	阐述了cjk200自动悬浮器自动悬浮器的发展及测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人还坐在室外 , 享受冷静的夜空气 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超弦的奇怪特征 , 它们只能在10个尺寸中振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	当人们在仓库俱乐部的时候 , 我总是很困惑 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	比尔科尔毕业于1968年 , 1968年毕业于华克森林大学 , 开始为pete染色工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·梅纳德和保罗男子 , 男子的硬件超级器的父亲和儿子 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	多阶段铸造的筛选和性格进步是我最喜欢的新添加之一 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们从酒店酒店里开始 , 自由汽车和它打击了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	欧洲10%的工作失业率预计在1995年中期将达到12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有的标准都必须满足以下的标准 , 以便有什么可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	如果我们继续运动自己生活的话 , 上帝才会适应我们的研究 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港报告hiv感染已被积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 个体脑细胞会反应到一个百分之一 , 但不再是另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	概念19:29个珍珠被准备为mockers制备 , 并且要为fols的背部做好 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	接下来 , 提出了直接序列和混合dsssth的直接序列 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了三位物理学家作为 " 光 " 主人 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符外 , alphanumerics被允许并不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉弗里斯基 , 你在工作前有十秒 , 你知道哪里找到我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	但实际上 , 我们都知道 , 每次时间差不到50毫米 , 心里的精度很差 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh的血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密、超级群体 , 我确定他在这里享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器还使用在启动平台上 , 以监视虚假开始和正确的继电器 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热锅和一只小橄榄油 , 加入兰兰丁的滚动和轻轻轻的棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	亚伯广泛应用于国外 , 但在家里几乎使用 , 研究在我国开始了 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以 , 他们用 " 丈夫和普拉夫 " 的故事 , 把你的房子放下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm已经超过50个不同的计划促进工作平衡和美国银行的工作平衡和银行 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	然而 , 美国和传统的欧洲电力制造商可能存在问题 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国保留权利修改这个词和条件 , 没有任何前面注意 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到格莱克的靴子的破坏 , 当他在赫米隆前面的时候 , 他听到了格莱克的靴子的裂缝 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	穆斯 , 池塘 , 呼吸 , 一个新鲜的泪水 , 液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过xml定义特定值的定义 , 实现该合同的贡献插件 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府理解这一点以及党 , 最有意义的地质学感觉它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 染色体ima是肺腺癌的一种特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可以选择石头所有的颜色 , 或者添加一个或两个超级石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我正在参加全国各地的竞选 , 为我丈夫和其他候选人来参加 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	东方的协议和标准在讨论下 , 但没有达到共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我会感兴趣听到更多的值 , 我们应该在评估犯罪中优先化什么价值 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	这一党比今年1月至少有一家国会的房子更好 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	为了lan/wan连接 , 建议每包每个音频框架下集 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化和存储时间有明显的影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 当我们可能称之为它们时 , 它们都是在内在内容中断的 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生没有把它的酒吧放在一旁 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有的是 , 它需要做事务的商务消息 , 而这是amqp交换器 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	干扰的血液和汗水 , 泥泞和火焰的热情 , 在滴滴的颜色上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , 扩大产业的增长将继续增长 , 联合国持续增长 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后 , 最优化rtl是feded到代码生成器 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	德里·杜马斯 , 美国奥林匹匹克人 , 在484.25点完成三分之一 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是在非洲 , 这种描述可能只是一个隐喻 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	如果你寻找包装和浪漫的时候 , 你可以在巴哈马的外部远程岛屿 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组的风险检测率和老组的风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	在中国广告的故事中 , 中国广告的故事并不冷静 , 不过有一些虚假 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	谁是 ? 阿啊 , 朱哈尔·穆尔德 , 这是第一次选择的 , 我看到它 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	所有人都可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他坚持着胳膊 , 所以她可以看到那个隔离的袖子 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我从来没有感觉到风 , 但仍然有那么伟大的工作 , 所以感觉 " 下一天 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后他晚上晚上醒来 , 他也许雇用了所有魅力的花园 。
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	随着一个小的tweak , 一些有帮助的脚步 , 瑞典可以比你使用的东西更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我的旅途从拉斯维加斯到伊华 , 当时我是年轻时 , 孩子和自然...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们叫我 , 因为它显示他和他带来的球员成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	一天 , 天空会部分和完美 , 精美的樱桃会在阳光下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	它被称为蓝色印刷 , 我们的财务规定改革的蓝色印刷 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我在这里有一个真实的 。 " 约翰尼说 , " 驾驶他直到学校 。 "
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	这个星期 , 新世界秩序的战斗线被暴露在世界贸易组织 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	纳米预测似乎与其他美国经济信号相连 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文提出了一种可以计算复杂表面加工中磨削力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分论述了中国外贸易的比较优势的作用 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男子的错误都不能安静地坐在房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的运动 , 我经常用鱼来捕捉任何东西 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然kian拥有西方的奢侈品 , 但他仍然承诺到伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	在中国和西方风格和西方风格建立私人园林 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	然而 , 我们想买的32英寸的模式很快 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于计划区西部地区 , 邻近旅游区和下城区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一个字符串 , 解释某个人都需要知道的东西 , 以便使用这个功能 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后人们选择潜意识地选择 , 不意识地忽略了这项研究 , 与她的心脏一起 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当拉菲克·吉迪毕业于高中毕业时 , 他知道他想成为工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天 , 我将钻上一小洞 , 以便停止疼痛 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这是设置情绪、有效的过程 , 以及亚当人必须自我解决 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来时 , 草坪上没有什么东西 , 但蚂蚁抱怨胸痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感风格适用于你 , 意识到下降标准将是一个救济 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学校学术竞争将于周六举行这个赛事 , 12/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平、自由和稳定的环境 , " 拉拉拉尔人 " 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	数学家给了他的流动不少于四个这样的日期 , 开始了1697年 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可以为经济增长带来贡献 , 而且它可以阻止它 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为 , 有一些法国人回答解决问题 , " 亚洲的k线说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 我们的研究表明 , 为什么开关开发 , 为什么它坚持 。 "
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源强化工业集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹晓捐了他的arm和rode , 与100名男人停止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球发布的中国佐治亚动物 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子们使用水翅膀保持自己在水里 , 而他们正学习游泳时 , 孩子们用水来保持自己 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保持和破坏混凝土基础安装工程 , 以破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸书 , 看看书 , 否则物理触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节省时间很大程度减少您花费印刷和接触表项目的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩被所有的鱼游泳在水箱里游泳 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个董事会看到下一次西班牙 , 西班牙攻击 , 放短 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性视网膜坏死的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	毫无疑问 , 丈夫回答: " 我错过了一个新的工作机会 。 "
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他不断地说话 , 就像他心里的一样 , 就像他的心里一样 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	切蒂执行了一名著名的fakefaint , 横向地板 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 正确性dwindledle的内在感受到了一个外部关注的内在关注 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾人民有一个伟大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 杜特先生 !
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	世界范围内 , 全球162亿美元在2009年新城市投资中花了16亿美元 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何东西都是 " 街头 " 的衣服 , 都是经常和运动 " 的衣服 。
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它提高您的dps , 但下面的 , 你的图像不能触摸任何刷子 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	太阳白晶体的无时间颜色使每天穿着这件皮肤理想 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	在这里 , 这是一个更现代的例子 , 下面还有一些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生了那晚 , 耶稣要睡在一个曼德6 , 因为他没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山间解释 , 同时老皮革也订单 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能力力你的心和神经和神经的话 , 就会在他们过去的时候长时间 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇航文件管理器帮助您获得最多的安排式智能手机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	位置直接相对的shagwajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	1977年 , 城市问题:马克思主义方法 , 伦敦 , 197年 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在那时 , 我想想为什么有人会这样的想法 , 相反想我的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子和抽屉都转出来 , 找到我们没有看到的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	所有我赞赏的事情 , 他们怎么能影响那些躺在街上的人呢 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布消费者价格指数下滑1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	风浪的运动 , 地球的运动在同一和谐中永远是地球的 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机期间 , 因此不要重新辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	总结了农业和临床治疗蛋白酶抑制剂的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过分歧实践和准备 , 保持学科和专业 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 自从那时 , 超级字符串比任何人预期更复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把你的背部放下来 , 你应该把你的手臂放到火焰之前 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	另外 , 注意力比详细的问题更有助于回答通用问题 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个很好的拯救 , " 他补充道 , 德格拉的胜利停止从罗宾范佩西 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	银行债券市场股票和贸易额占总市场的90% 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	布林·拉登在1990年代的选举中 , 美国已经取得了一部分 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给别人的耐心和耐心的人都能赢得爱和关心 , 以及其他人的友谊 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们想在下一个25到30年的时间里 , 机器人和人类将会谈到 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融范围也是一个威胁 , 高级公民通常被目标 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	后来 , 肯尼亚人在睡眠过程中走出了金牌 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死亡中提升了他的朋友拉扎尔 。 拉扎斯已经死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六国会的复制中 , 有许多创新 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:奥巴马政府给中国提供了任何指标 , 它是在康克地区移动吗 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学英语 , 学习国外 , 学习外国 , 结婚外国 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	美丽的气象被发现在英国 , 留下一条vivivivid绿色的火车 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在80年代初 , 尼龙·切亚是集团的高级生存成员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能告诉他 , 他真正需要做的是什么 , 只是在自己里看上去 , 真正是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔·莱金晶体 , 皇家塔里奥博物馆 ; 托罗多 , 加拿大加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在15555年 , 她的精神刑事会带来更严重的变化 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她死亡的恐惧和疑问 , 今年 , 还有一年 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	三十分钟后 , 她在她第一次记录的歌曲中发表了simran 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	所以 , 没有奇怪这种快乐是如此高信任 , 缺乏自由和运动 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	场景2:建模周期行为主要集中在迭代行为建模上 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治罗姆尼 , 英国葡萄牙画家 , 死于布莱亚 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我的意思是 , 我们失去了我们的技能 , 因为这里有很好的技术 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	然而 , 当我们继续改进时 , 我们的技术应该成为更多透明的 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好的 , 我又进床上 , 五分钟后来 , 门上有一块砖 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	诗歌的自主感:问大地 , 谁倡导和下降 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利能看到他父母在圣诞节时的婚姻 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	而这之间的唯一差异 , 传统上写的是常规的方法 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从前面的作家学习 , 像戒指的lardner和sherwoodanderson 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小型仪器被用来消除组织和粘贴 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 所有这些类似的事物 , 比如筛选 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 我认为是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请大批著名的武装名字作为教练和咨询人员 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	用 " 司法 " 写在海里 , 我穿着那件衣服吗 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第二章完成了战争 , 恐惧和政治又分裂了我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	它可能被腐败 , 因为病毒在它内部是病毒 , 所以它正在制造外部蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙蒙蒙蒙古石氧化物的产生 , 适合国家标准 , 是人类安全 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我正在路上 , 我举行会议 , 有时在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者对基本kiva3v程序添加了一些新的代码 , 并使其编译 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只走鞋子 , 我不能穿裙子或衣服 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他获得了认知和批准阿尔比的认知和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论性抽象程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你曾经发现 , 平方的角落总是很容易损坏呢 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我认为 , 早期极端探索者 , 当我为步行时 , 我把自己的时候 , 我想起来 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nuwa感到很抱歉 , 决定修复天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	相当的化疗治疗可能是宫颈癌的主要流行方法 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭咨询员提醒父母不要采取什么儿童说 , 因为高管真理 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	py显示了任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量水平 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 交换到中级或初级汽油将消除打击 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是 , 在未来的芯片中 , 玉米的带宽要求可以极大地流动 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计一种基于虚拟声学的音频辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	稻、棉、蔬菜种子有时在特种种子中生长 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活的时候 , 欣赏我们的自然和文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港举行的新加坡和香港举行 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 罗伦达·泽尔 , 欢迎了对话 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	诗人作家在2003年晚些时候在巴黎80年代以后 , 然后在巴黎举行了80年 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	七岁的自行车 , 随着风 , 你穿过花的生活 , 穿过她的生命 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	kirchner在哪里看起来似乎放松了面对 , 她跑了作为一个共同建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧化物在我们身体的细胞中很有毒 , 不要把你的细胞冻结 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的源头不会基于这个葡萄牙人 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 好吧 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个人一起去教堂去教堂 , 又来了 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做什么事情 , 我只是不想写任何关于我的故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在三个安装中 , 是来自中国写作的人们的过度报告 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文中提出的文件中 , 文件与未包裹式的文档文档是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	瑞士再次升起来 , 在一个圆形的环境下 , 等待劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中写了这篇文章 , 它真正发生了事故 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我绑在胸里 , 把我的小贝和他们的拳头 , 直到我过去 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样的是世界上最主要的移动 , 他们都看起来都是世界的实例区域 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫特克基说 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变行为 " 如果希望与伊朗的新关系 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你只能把宽度设置到200 , 高达45 , 然后接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个可以用于工作、娱乐和娱乐的桌子 , 通常是关闭的 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动循环时 , 它会作为真正的ax , 这张图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	抗议主义很强烈地进入英国的英国感觉 , 他们是英国人 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家们已经完成了当地宇宙的最完整的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	为了任何设备 , 请与我们联系在2406或访问web站点 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	这也许不像过去的一样 , 但可以更好地为平均工作男人和女人 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	目前在调查中 , 其他非洲国家的爆发是目前的 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 每个侧部和背部攻击的规则管理了三个 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	你只能被大胆 , 还有和平和甜蜜的休息 , 因为你把自己的身体和灵魂产生了 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种可分解的理论 , 并证明了一种可分解的可分解理论 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们旅游了禁止城市 , 中国皇帝曾经生活在洛杉矶 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	许多人相信这是莱姆里亚 , 大西洋失去的岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中建立了无毒性、抗原性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	除了完成日子之外 , 模拟过程可以在第二次运行 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	表现并不与付款相关 , 真正由市场力量和预算决定 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	他说: " 我想继续去 。 至少是另外十年或两年 , 至少是另一笑 。 "
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	我把一本墙子分成一本小书从我knapsack中拿到了一本小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华盛 , 北美西北部的一个州 , 在太平洋的太平洋 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉帕克尼看起来很惊讶 。 " 你说 , 我的女儿吗 ? " 他问道 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只要找到饮料 , 这里没有沙味 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	骨头有一个问题 , 我们希望在下周恢复他和种子 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻我 , 闻到厚的味道真的让人们想吃一个 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你完成测试你的新行动时 , 关闭了hellopp的编辑器 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花一些时间 , 与它混合 , 想想 , 留下和回来 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	非线性动力学特征是复杂、外部和消失的复杂、外部动力学特征 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股价为5.33美元 , 从前季度上涨5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是什么有效的实现 , 一些机构怎么能克服这些呢 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1mcp处理和mack包在存储期间的brccoli的效果 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他马克的嘴 , 他没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在沙兴工作的前面 , 接到信 , 姐妹们用神经的心脏 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 它转化了假设 , 标准建立在普通实验室 , 可能是假设 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了g5动态系统测量膜厚度在线上 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	这个项目还可以用来存储信息 , 这样它可以用于研究和医疗目标 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	通过比较国内外房地产财务的比较 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本论文以一类模糊改进的整合方程为研究 , 提出了一种基础的模糊方程 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	洪水仍然在在这个星期的重量下降之后 , 俄亥俄州的部分地区仍然在上升 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们头部、外部化和外部化的语音 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	在过去几年的发展中 , 哺乳动物核转移已达到许多突破 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在某种意义上 , 石油价格正在发挥经济过热的作用 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	在意大利的430吨 , 白色的石头在西班牙和完成的西班牙 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上面所有的动机人 , 但一些老板都有真正的激励员工的能力 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰服装有限公司是您最信任的供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制过遗传学 , 但有其他的贡献因素 , 你可以控制细胞 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你如何创建个人品牌 ? 服装男孩网络观点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五十三章是区域审美优势 , 总结hip手术的麻醉 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特征6个开放窗户 , 一个电视镜和性别器也有3个黑色灯 !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我访问北京时 , 小先生的一名学生给我带着他老师照片 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	波斯坦凝结的是 , 大量正常粒子占据相同的量子状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	本公司说 , 市场上有两种高定义dvd , 导致购买公众混淆 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你说 , 它们称之为我们的想象 , 这种大预算电影不再能实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿的亲密朋友和专门助理人员 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的国王当作另一个完整的意识物种 , 没有打猎自己 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	盲目的行为是指链接到一个歌曲的行为 , 附加一个150个字符的评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不要使用妊娠状况 , 癫痫 , 心脏 , 高血压 , 大脑 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统动态模型 , 得到了动态方程的数值计算结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些将帮助您进步提高技术、吨头和当然的实现 , 如果不断地做好 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了10w/30eqe/cc级发动机油的形成和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些艺术品都需要维护 , 必须在周围工作 , 而且如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 。 卡德韦尔维尔德哈德把一家生活在联合国的城市酒店的组成 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的中频电源供应电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特·斯威茨博士的职业使他在非洲建立医疗临床 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	细胞由机械方法、冻结、冻结和一般程序传递 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章分析了清代晚期翻译的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	通过计算产生的纳米结构 , 产生的纳米结构的变化步骤 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	常见的放松技术包括冥想、心灵、太阳和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个leapingof点 , 还可以注册a.mobi域 , 可以将它注册到移动内容中 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	获得cyptosystem修改了mc公钥关键系统的类型 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗塔亚 , 我出生在什么时候 , 曾经是奥斯兰的前辈 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于porcelain表面装饰和其使用 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分 , 讨论了分散非复杂的分散价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一种基于碘的对比被注射到血流中 , 看到它周围旅行的时候 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想获得你的旧电脑 , 选项包括回收、回收和捐款 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文还讨论了分布指标建设和分布检索的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	因为我们在遭遇和不受伤害之间有这种反突分离 , 直到我们是受害的 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源稀少 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国各大政策变化是我国试验过程和错误的结果 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送他无罪的儿子来承受我们的惩罚的全部破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们找到 , 尽可能工作这个数学问题 。 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	所以 , 当供应链冲动时 , 企业家奥莫里成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感谢者通常在形状中变形 , 平方的平方被保留为曼达斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	当它可能时 , 神经毒素与人类的业务比血毒更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要的声箱使用边缘和角落不同的角度设计 , 线线线成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	webapp.net使用xml来允许多个异步的转换和接口更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时候 , " 穿着 " 全球盟友来自饮料工作者的错误工作者 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特利亚的内心提高了孩子和成年人受伤的脑损伤的孩子和成年人 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	厨房-一个经验的玩家试图跟随车辆的机会 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	蒂米:但我是十分恐怖的猫 , 保持猫不会对我感兴趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师定义了使用rm工具的艺术和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将要等到这个月之前 , 当他第二次官方开始时 , 就会等待 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以从bugzilla和另一个由源控制系统组成的饲料 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	克罗利说 , 在非洲的马上 , 非洲的干旱也没有令人惊讶的气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群岩石燃烧的火力机制是复杂的 , 没有一组复杂的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	多元和gpu系统在这里 , 与今天编程模式的功率很难和谐 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	临床治疗后 , 一些患者的症状明显提高 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你太对我来说 , 安妮 , 你儿子的儿子 , 我希望我知道如何定位你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	另外 , 根据学生选择的主题 , 还有1015页最终论文 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开马米伊 , 获得了良好的教育 , 使她自然的音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你为你的问题做出责任 , 你可能会感觉像在那些失去你那样的复苏 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	前来 , 法官说 , 他可能批准在凯瑟琳杰克逊对象的合同 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们拥有两个主要的产品类别 , 一个是文件中心应用程序和另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师经常告诉我 , 在谈话后 , 看病人说 , 很多原因是我所受过的 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二 , 三英尺的马在木头上的三英尺马:它是广阔的 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而 , 我不会看到一个年轻人祈祷的祈祷 , 比最平等的滚动祈祷者 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是一个阿卡恩通信的手段 , 因为大部分应该被废除 , " 她告诉我 。
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看她在香港玩得更好 , 我认为她不会在最后一轮失望 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	男孩说: " 幸福的是一个比如 , 你知道 , 在长途旅行中 , 你知道 , 就会在长途旅行 。 "
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	西安porter说: " 很明显的使用手段的优势是 , 你总是和你一起拥有它们 。 "
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在一次饮料会议中 , 他的一名工作人员在他们的基础上 , 他们应该把维生素放在一起 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重损失实际上是连续功能 , 所以每一件数据应该附加 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	无论是永久 , 暴风总是给太阳带来了 , 冬天总是把它变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	舞台将演员视为好莱 , 轻轻轻轻轻地在蒂弗尼的电影早餐 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子经过我的电话和uhm , 可能叫你 , 所以如果你可以把你的名字放下来 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	好吧 , 这是墨西哥的兄弟 , ucatan是背部 , 这个是古马拉的兄弟 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定到我们带进世界的价值 , 历史上 , 意味着我们的专业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站是聚集站或连接线站 , 以及一些情况下都有 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	实验很大 , 就从大品上升 , 货物也有 。 米米克 , 使它自身 。 试试试试试和错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较了两种方法 , 电力数分解的结果比剪力分解方法更好 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 我不会尝试喂养那些小批评者 , 如果我是你 , 他们咬了 , 可携带疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	实验研究了dd3单晶体的纯剪切行为 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列的清洁和智慧的装饰下 , 命令火灾 , 外出军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个委员会 , 一个联合国官员 , 几个失业版本 , 以及法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林 , 使用甲基酸盐和微观固定剂来避免药物吸收 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种方式对非变压贷款进行分散 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来了我最后的建议 , 不要尝试从什么不存在的东西提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	谈论了矿山爆炸开发电机的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在学习半公路措施 , 禁止他们自行车车巷 , 同时允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	据其网站建立了1979年9月85名员工 , 依照其网站 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念无限扩展在信息化公路上 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议我们明天早上去xxxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 回到那里 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学会如何面对失败或失败 , 勇敢地勇敢地解决 , 同时试着处理 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的移动模式 , 以处理它们的缓慢的天气 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表ii:药物溶解性 , 聚合物和填充剂在研究中使用 , 在水和酒精中 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 所以 , 当它来吃饭时 , " 他说 , " 巴斯塔酱不添加糖味道 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp还主持另外一个重要it事件 , 每年都要求最终用户称为hp电子世界 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道 , 新疆被考虑到 , 更好的学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	这个例子是一个ifth规则 , 因此 , 如果条件和其相应的行为 , 就会看到 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	它们介绍了bittorent支持 ; 浏览器边缘 ; 一个好的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时间使用的端点地址只是一个放置器 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	与她的能力感到印象 , vozda提供了一个在企业部门法律实施的工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	路透和冲击部队船正在落出天空 , 就像马什一样的鸭子一样 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例患者间隔骨折的影响 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量可以从不同的序列数据中得到 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉莉莉亚:如果我告诉她在一个很好的方法里 , 给她带来一条沙丘去做她的快乐吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或高峰 , 或海岸 , 或摩擦或指向公园的角色 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说 , " 自我是什么意义 , " 不仅是精神崩溃 ? "
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	叙事角只反映了上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部文件的特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫教练克里克·卡利斯说: " 我很高兴他 , 我很高兴 , 我很高兴吃饭 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	9月52.8日 , 一个新订单下降至52.5点 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年被永久住宅的一张应用程序 , 他还接到了它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	本文提出了一种基于plc的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在那些早些时候 , 它移动了男人 , 它打开了监狱门 , 并把任务从成员中排出来 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl++c和ctrl++v建立新的实现只有二秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	schrag说 , 从岩石中释放的海水将提高海平 , 但并不多 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人死在池塘里 , 都要把几乎完美的方向或被喷洒在岩石上 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	血清由锚索传送到内纳那 , 第一辆穆斯特从火车上拿到了那里 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱情发生在所有时代 , 因为一个人的内部生活变化 , 以及一个人的机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	袭击的首席嫌疑是沙巴 , 美国设计的恐怖主义集团 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今年 , 今天 , 谢谢你今天 , 明天为你的祝福:出现和年轻美的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	虽然我们说不平等的原因是因为你认为的任何时候 , 它总是在参考许多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 今年 , 他已经获得了30%的篮子 , 只有68%的篮子帮助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备还是更多的基本 , 涉及少的脚 , 而且所有在3d的纸币上处理 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2.环只有与vip客户端展示会议 , 以实验其主人结婚和可靠...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	过去的一年 , 汽油价格每股3.3% , 过去的一年上涨3.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马停下来 , 跟波罗斯记者谈话时 , 奥巴马站起来 , 走过来 , 跟罗伯特的记者一样 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于美丽和肥沃的城镇 , 这是中国的摩托车循环 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	在课程创新中 , 强烈应用于初中教师在课程创新中的作用 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	城下滑坡矿在城镇下缓慢填满盐刷 , 使地面补充 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成分:热德国石油 , 魅力 , 灯具 , 橙色花 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看看我脚 , 奶奶冻霜决定做一双服装的靴子 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它跳跃起来 , 分别下来 , 打击猎兵 , 把它们扔掉了 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然 , 当然你是布朗布朗 , 你是19岁的 , 你还没有达到你的原始 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何使用添加性的方法 , 提高cathode铜质量 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一种形状和抛光高精度双功能的形状 , 是一种形状器 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一个不想要的事情是他们不想进入自己的个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普德游泳很高 , 可能是全国最好的城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	905年 , 金利经理 , 北京115路 , 深圳区 , 深阳 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二次猜到自己 , 他们不会谈论自己 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:分析2006年唐山某些患者的临床诊断结果 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	垃圾 , 木板和其他可燃材料必须从热工作领域移除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这个正式关系的存在 , 使你对工作环境的规则有权 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 覆盖您的战术 , 心理策略是保护操纵工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分阐述了我国生态社会主义的理论及其在其中 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	分析了音频文件存储格式和重新恢复音频波形的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分布橡胶 , 流动过度和不可接受的脆弱化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸鱼捕捉战斗 , 被安静的战斗留下来 , 很多鲸鱼捕捉战斗 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	据挪加 , 财产损失估计 , 房产损失在81美元和108亿美元之间 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个商业旅行 , 我明显会带来大多数商业的项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文学并不满足 , 总结、总结、分析和分析 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球物质的燃烧液显示核活性 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现上述例子 , 您使用常规的表达式来执行更换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	介绍了远程传感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	仿真陶瓷轴 , 直接安全微晶陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们把自己当作严肃地看起来 , 另一部分的出现 , 关注面对面部的面部 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	用来检测皮肤冲击试验 , 检测皮肤冲击试验 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图像:澳大利亚的珊瑚泡沫在澳大利亚的巨大的破坏者reef/mattkiefer , 弗里克 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了快速 , 真正的饭 , 试着那条蛇站在一边街上 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一位父亲 , 很难作为铁匠工作 , 使儿子在生活困难下带来了他的儿子 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	第一章介绍了qsar和cking方法、进展和应用的概述 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了styrene的催化剂催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	你已经参加医院接受医疗治疗 , 或是在过去两年被医院吗 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	腹部紧张性被注意到 , 心动检查显示颈部运动紧张性 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给了 " 龙虎战 " 的名字 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	同时 , id也指出了快乐原则 , 它也代表自我重新绘制 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不在自己的建设上借钱 , 为印度最新一代的建设 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	本系统可以利用传输带宽更高效地实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后提出了基于v的固体解决方案的研究焦点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	最大的资金来源是销售回补贴 , 而且根据计划 , 已被运行 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温制备了活性粘土 , 制备了活性粘土和硫酸 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前租赁允许您请求你在某些时期内有十个假期吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是财政独立的最终路径 , 它是每个人都可以工作的东西 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思想的服务和谐的氛围 , 护士家庭真正是年龄的家园 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工收购332张杂志 , 44幅电影和29个非影响书籍 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克林先生:我亲爱的 , 为什么不要告诉我 , 我肯定我能帮助你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 当然 , 人类可以采取错误的鸟类 , 通过处理和解决种子的污染 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去努力达到健康护理改革的意识 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	本公司拥有自己的研究和发展基础 , 上海和山西省生产基础 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	凯瑟琳建议: " 我们住在城边的廉价的摩托尔之一 。 "
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 因此 , 对于其他太阳周期仍然存在着问题 , 而且适用于其他太阳周期 。 "
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	白头发的一个高人 , 是阿尔伯特 , 莫利姐的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	这是泰国的 , 一个男人走下一条黑色的街道 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免在越南战争的服务 , 到达越南战争的基础 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要组成部分:提取液 , 橄榄油 , 维生素b5 , 德国 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作错误是成功的训练地面 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但是 , 很多相比在这里 , 我发现最有兴趣的事情总是很抱歉 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们很惊讶地听到损坏 , 订单仔细包装在我们的船舶之前 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢家采取机会 , 像其他人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但他们拒绝保持恐惧 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	警察官在城市里没有充分支付 , 甚至没有足够的钱 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分 , 学习写作新闻文章的过程 , 像《自由记者》的记者 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有一个强大的工作市场时 , 组织需要做什么 , 不管他们可以吸引顶级候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次 , 请求解释某些东西是一个跳舞经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要落入信仰的跟踪 , 因为你不能测试每行代码 , 你必须测试任何东西 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是 " 最糟糕的bach记录我曾经做过过过过过的 , 也是最为普通的 。 "
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火灾和风围绕着一切 , 滑雪丛林 , 吸引了青年树 , 吸引了青春 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页面内容由illyport或ililly客户进口和出口公司目录 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我曾经通过我的绘画表达了我的关注 , 通过我对人与环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用程序高效分配系统资源的高效分配 , 提高系统性能 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男性建议不要喝超过21个单位 , 女性14岁 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	在崩溃状态下 , 普通时间不断变化 , 温度和浓度依赖于pnipam 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部joinery元素将在热喷涂铝灰色中 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包装床是1980年开发的一种新型高重量气体大厦设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	不管我学到什么语言 , 我总是尝试看我的杯子 , 就像 " 半一样 。 "
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要被安装 , 如果一名机构保持你的账单 , 来检查其实体性 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔纳 , 拉米和霍斯顿认为 , 盐可以成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	空气a320是从莫斯科飞往基内瓦时 , 试图搬迁的时候 , 空气a320飞往基内瓦 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	本课程的安排 , 50名学生发现6家公司和樱桃公司是他们之一 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自从那时 , mcdonald和它的分支已经删除了100家商店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界的可视图书馆和图书馆是否可以在这个年代的edownadad中保持和相关的 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家可以解决它只有一些小的病例 , 比如两个平板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这个发现还添加了更加困惑 , 以确定女性最好的策略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	没有我同意他的一些情绪评价我作为一个 " 独特的摩龙 " 的情绪评价 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃哈里奇的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马尔斯人口最为丰富的 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 有限制 , 所有的限制 , 但不可能销售f2 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	马萨西亚是一个典型的中场者 , 他必须在坑上表现出来的重要潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六 , 我们看到了柏林 , 在柏林 , 和米基哈尔·戈巴切夫一起看到彼此之间的彼此 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这也是一种水果 , 来自纳瓦特 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	就像猴王一样走进洞穴 , 其他动物覆盖洞穴门 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的途径比必要 , 但它肯定要做到最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	在18181年铁路到达后 , 建立了一套超越的邮件 , 迅速发展出来 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我发现我们的主要帐篷的距离足够艰难 , 永远不想到北极 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	反应由异常震动、紫外、尿尿病和血管瘤组成 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄林抗林周边有许多小黄金矿床 。 核矿 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	一个底部中心的方法集中在发现和现有的资产的特征上 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	为了学习一个角色 , 所以在需要时 , 可以替换正常的表演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	由于很多收入 , 由于媒体的收入很高 , 德拉顿解释说 , 平均键比媒体更高 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可能会重新编写下一次它再生站点 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 所以我们从来没有写到它 , 但我们发现一些有趣的事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	它必须反对这一点 , 即使新语言提供了良好的游戏经验 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果您发现一个公寓你喜欢 , 将应用程序放到土地或财产经理 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期也可以恢复超级诺达奇单位:攻击是一个日期的观点 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	本研究所获得的单色体染色体是稻田染色体3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	赫斯特创造了最小的雕塑 , 保持与形状和纹理相关的关系 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	过去几年以前 , 除了她的骨骼竞争的历史之外 , 还有几年的时间 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	除了我的外 , 也描述了西方旅游者的西方旅游者 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 印度不可避免 , 必须重新庆祝他们的政府财富 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	生产开始在下降 , 电影将于201年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	然而 , 英语很严肃的英语你是我梦想得到的红线阅读的球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	目前 , 沙巴现在只有40%的摩加州财产 , 从几个月前下降了约60% 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	德国人说 , 随着温暖的天气预测在西班牙 , 德国人说 , 他的日子应该站在好的阶段 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例癌症成功重新开放 , 成功重建92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特征如分离、周围影响的特征 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	然而 , 这是非常决定的 , 看起来似乎是如果 , 但是 , 它可能都不会来 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德·斯洛ot说 , 他在她的饭店附近离开霍尔街附近的海滩附近离开了霍尔 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	这里她不仅谈论真正的危险因素 , 她也规定了那些可能错误的迹象 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这比祈祷更有效的是 , 当它做的时候 , 似乎可以解释为合理解释 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据秩序需求 , 设计了两种可调整的梯度 , 可设计和制造 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	无论1980年代马达纳·帕丁尼这样的诗歌声明 , 没有迹象 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分支有限公司是一家正式专业装饰公司的良好的信仰 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 我喜欢关于城市的所有东西都是如此恐惧的 。 "
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	给出了几个理论例子 , 给出了表面的地面对应 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例表明 , 在源中使用的代码页 , 还是窗户使用 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设置温度高时 , 可燃性与热速度有负相关关系 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史是伟大的 , 中国食物是宝贵的 。 我们享受我们的午餐人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特写作作为当前的贝尔 , 艾莉作为欧利斯贝尔 , 安妮作为演员 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	我永远不会忘记这些日子 , 当我生活在军队里 , 士兵们对我的生活有很大的影响 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	第一件事在他返回的事情是跑到莫里 , 给她的丈夫和吻合 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , 谷歌是可处理的 , 还有有减少谷歌的风险 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一个方法来返回其类别的实验室 , 并将其绑定行为 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰与一个停止器和覆盖 , 这个探索了恐怖和费德南的天赋 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果想要语义正确的数值比较 , 这就应该使用双指数 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	大学生活自由自由的人们很快忘记过去 , 而且流动到现在 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	在空气中 , 三星发出了一个弱的辐射形式 , 不能穿透皮肤 , 而且不能穿透皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后提出了集团开发策略实现混凝土建议和措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	在一般和基本上 , 我仍然是一个有益的和无害的人和我们的社会之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种腐蚀盆地被关闭 , 进化为中晚期的沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 当移动阶段时 , 运动阶段时 , 全部和热情都有助于启动 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化都带来新鲜的服装 , 服装 , 珠宝和身体颜色到新收藏 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	尽管会议金融集团对外国酒店的影响 , 但由于 " 狼 " 来 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	" 我生活的四个战争在我生命时没有到来 , 因为美国太强了 。 " 罗纳德·雷根 。
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	9月 , 该公司在9月份宣布了2010年销售预测 , 至2010年9月25万辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	不要反对中国对其他国家内部事务的非干扰原则吗 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨肺综合征患者电学特征 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏产生的肾脏病 , 肾脏病可能导致身体缺乏 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	要担心别人的盲目 , 信仰别人 , 实际上都是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	由于他们的环境和选择 , 他认为动物在生命期间获得了一些特定的特征 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	空气在外缸和内缸之间离开 , 空气在空气中泵入真空 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢设计一个矢量图像 , 这个乐趣 , cute , 可访问monstertype 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913和1913年 , 他没有发表与1912年或1913年的立法结构相关的任何东西 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以在html指定位置放置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	给出了mmmm4u管镜的塑料稳定性和潜在限制配置的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	所以 , 这些交换属性描述了系统平衡状态的平衡状态的平衡状态 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	介绍了单扫描链设计中存储元素的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文采用宏观的树脂来处理废水产生的废水 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	负责党的工作 , 直接执政机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	这位女士在军队和政治环境中有着不断的资源 , 并且在政治环境下接触了密切的联系 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	汽车车辆 , 达到标准的标准 , 应当在路上运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用来治疗急性和慢性肠炎和腹泻引起的细菌或葬礼 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	其他协议在180年和1892年被封闭到英国的保护地位 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察合成恢复治疗牙龈综合征综合征综合征综合征的疗效 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小剂量2:阳光快速度不容易于清理和雨天清理 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后通过两种类型的037种抗毒素巡逻器加强了四个船舶 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和开发作为一种新型烧伤和伤口愈合的治疗 , 仍然是解决药物的问题 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医学:很多宠物 , 胰腺素 , 更多的酶皮 , 等待 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对游戏参数的影响很少 , 但无论减少了aw 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	委员会主席jihua会见了卡加马文化交换集团的首席成员 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前冠军罗尼奥·奥斯林夫相信 , 丁华有什么东西 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	时间部署工作安全 , 严格实施领土监管责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区的公安工作将面临良好的发展和前面的挑战 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需要驱动它部门 , 以实现标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划设备其他超轻厨房 , 从10至60公里的电动机转动 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在被新主人采取 , 而它的钱困难似乎是过去的一件事 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑 , 我们都是印度人 , 它将解释我们彼此教学 , 它将不会很多骑兵 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	然而 , 有各种关于那些能从死者或鬼魂或性别传播的人们 , 都有各样的事情 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	sift将干燥成分组成混合碗中 , 添加方向蝴蝶和knead 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行银行的政治家讲话很多 , 这样的观点似乎没有采取 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗恒星价格为5颗恒星提供 , 在市场上不匹配的价值建议 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我认为读者得到了点 , 在某些时候 , 我们都喜欢这样的行动:我们太忙忙了去做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	基本上所有的东西和里斯 , 以及一些其他的家伙 , 他们的生活都感谢到感谢 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在许多情况下 , 他们干扰了我国正常的经济秩序 , 影响了许多高质量产品的市场 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑事法 , 税收相关犯罪包括各种机构的税收体系 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 根据hikivision图像捕捉板实现图像捕捉板 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能是在辩论原则中保持 , 例如识别失败 , 或者理解偏见的原则 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否做街道照片或访问自然或人造站点 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能在你的兴趣方向上扩展你的目前位置 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将来到你头部的冠军 , 将填充你的身体 , 你不被定制到 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度的变化 , 优化模型降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	这些年来成为一个热门的话题 , 通道的主要特点是多路传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都在下面 , 金钱总是使决策 , " pelgrino告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	莎米波斯和其他产品设计的是打开脚本池不停止头发损失或促进头发的重新发展 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	温室实验结果表明 , 生物控制能达到72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 当然 , 我们没有人认为我们正在坐在那个高峰的顶尖上 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周在我们的系列 , 拉里西和托尼·瑞格斯描述了一个反war运动的抗war运动 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使在一个前锋学习中心 , 还是在历史网站的旅游中心 , 还需要一个主人 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	总费将在16岁以上所有新加坡和新加坡的新加坡和新加坡 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	因此 , 本文介绍了hl7中间件实现的方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我是在我的平板上清单 , 我的命令链不会移动我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆上海投资公司作为一家运营模式的初步研究的例子 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵风险分析模型是解决这些问题的独特理论和方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来支付的价值支付的价值 , 企业学习方法是基于价值的 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么说呢 ? 连续没有呼吸 , 怎么能再生 ? 无法死亡吗 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	犯罪:对未来暴力的惩罚被警告告为未来暴力 , 类似于巴罗尔 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一部分解释了这个成本更全面 , 因为它初步探索了启动成本如何 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动学的科学研究是认知的过程 , 揭示了事物和其目标法的本质 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	不过 , 费尔的妻子 , 林达 , 有一个猎物是错误的: " 你知道她是妻子 , 就像一只蜘蛛一样 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	在原理上 , 基因的每个版本都是基因的 , 估计60万基因的60万基因是同样的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员看待这个主题 , 那么该该作者应该进入政府呢 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想要匹配这些字符的话 , 你必须使用一个逃离背景 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当2008年欧洲冠军运用模式时 , 预测赢家并没有把它放到第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	采用多功能死亡 , 可制造出一种方向和圆孔角角度角度角度角度角度角度 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	好心是广泛的 , 慷慨的 , 和宇宙对人类的利益有益 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我首先表达我们最自由的祝贺 , 到班级成绩和班级成绩最大 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	沿着湾中心的地方 , 赢得了全国建设 " luban " luban奖 " 现代园艺 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几个星期 , 我26岁儿子大卫 , 大卫在我和他去亚特兰的城市之后 , 我的26岁的儿子达维德 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	菲尔曼特说 , 这家银行拥有其客户信任 , 没有看到基金的任何有意义的流量 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	保险游泳员迪安娜·迪安娜已经成为第一名来自古巴游泳的游泳员 , 美国没有鲨鱼笼 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	" 对于总统来说 , 这次立法不负责 , " 波恩告诉记者说 。
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事显示了贫困国家癌症的悲剧现实以及其对人们和他们家庭的影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在阿克姆·沙克之后 , 精神病人 , 明天被执行-你是在一年的短水平 !
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	根据相关规定 , 任何人违约规规定或违约审查人员将按照相关规定处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许比kiloton少 , 这样的声音像很多 , 但实际上是核设备的小 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在一个更基本的水平上 , 美国人害怕不仅是死亡 , 而且想死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	晚些时候 , " 朱莉·普林意识 " 这个阅读: " 中国伟大的年代 , 没有云变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球印度是美国公司位于华盛顿海滩 , 加州 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商将拥有一套质量的制造系统 , 超过医疗设备qs规范 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个喜欢道德化的人通常是一个假说 , 一个女人做同样的平原 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	尽管我们没有人会独立改变宇宙的过程 , 集体上我们可以做这个 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 可是 , " 他补充道 , " 通过我们领导者的神和智慧 , 这些插件被中性化 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	长江山地区野生花的一项调查及其应用 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记住 , 上帝的名字代表了我们名字的神 , 耶和华自己是这座塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用一个基础推进剂 , 通过证据钢板判断了电荷的破坏情况 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自去年3月以来 , 由于fda开始引起药物的分享 , 阿根廷的股份已经超过27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文总结了亚马格合金添加的合金添加剂的试验研究 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	根据消息设置 , 这是不适用的 , 并存储在oker文件系统上的文件系统 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰·布森 , 约翰·沃森在处理孩子们的极端坚定 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该需要多少字来解释图片的意思 , 或者为什么包含它 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	辣椒 , 基础 , 橘子 , 蘑菇 , 玉米 , 狮子 , 洋葱 , 花园只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	尝试和清理你的思想 , 在床前 , 做一个积极的想法 , 认为艾滋病睡眠的努力 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但在1992年加入npt后 , 中国在2004年加入npt和nsg , 至少有官方的帮助 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	汉妮问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金姆 , 她不再爱一个人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村地区人力资本投资效率低、效率低 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	为了一段时间 , 秋风也有大型的早餐 , 她也打开了 , 然后她就把东西推出来 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有嘴巴 , 眼睛 , 眼睛和腰肢 ; 这些唇部是不智的 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	爷爷 , 告诉我你怎么做的事情 , 有些天我想成为最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚总统罗马尼亚是黑海地区的大西洋主义的基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与酒精之间的直接联系是很好的理解 , 但酒精对其他机构的影响是什么 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但我认为这是时间来评价我做的事情 , 还是不管是否会给我的存在添加任何价值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中所示的最后一个接收项目 , 包含一个附加的html类:网上需要 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 , " 谢谢上帝几乎周五 " , 单词只是在周四使用 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	贝吉利·杰先生 , 61岁的活动主义和演员埃德·贝吉利·杰先生 , 比任何人都要做 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很艰难 , 我是很尴尬 , 我知道我想要的是什么 , 如果那个坏女人 , 好吧 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们要求关系专家在接触之前应该讨论的问题 , 这里是13个问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	2002年以来 , 北京官僚首席福布斯 , 是中国和亚洲自2002年覆盖 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一站是东莞 , 东莞县的县座位已经在出口贸易中发挥力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	我们有关国家卫生服务经过10年前的立法 , 自从没有发生 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到目前 , 本文建立了基于实践的基本理论和测试的框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客触摸一个人 , 让他们知道自己需要通过 , 但允许他的手比必要要更长 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他走到她 , 把她轻轻轻地把她的无信 , 保证她搜索过去了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipjtomcatat.zip安装的webapps目录 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	小组显示 , 只有与ezh2相关的细胞 , cdk1分化成骨细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但中国并不认识这一事实 , 如果他应该做的话 , 那么他就会消除自己的优势 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长调节剂对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘记这些关于礼物的基本真理时 , 它总是在教堂里引起麻烦 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了实现马利亚的未来 , 必须满足许多条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	医生弗兰克保罗是来自瑞士联邦学院的玻璃学专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	预算电影合同和叶片长 , 洛杉矶或婚礼 , 没有像任何东西一样 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	执行监控、检查、质量控制在室内和子承包机钢制造和焊接部分 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种氢基因及其编码基因和应用 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	紧密的商店尝试和控制动力 , 只能依靠自己的内在创新机器和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 可能会获得同样的限制性炭的利益 , 从部分饮食中获得相同的限制 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救援努力不足以得到组装线重新恢复其他地方 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:201年房间 , 第4块 , 陶瓷研究病毒 , 凤凰路 , 中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于甲烷酸盐离子薄膜电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和keleton对象也采取关注 , 承诺容器管理交易的开始和承诺 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我想在天上和地上 , 血 , 和火 , 我会在天上看见 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自从新世纪开始 , 新世纪开始 , 这个主题的大规模引入开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他建立了2004年著名的中国现代绘画和书法网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用 , 建立了与inotify的通信 , 作为跟随系统的可用功能 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠行为是心理运动范围下降的意识障碍之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	一个:那些进入中国非法暴力中国法律的人 , 他们应该按法处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液测试早些时候 , 血液测试是可靠的 , 就像第七周的妊娠一样 , 超声也不存在 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc媒体还增加了越来越多的血管的数量和血管的cavo模型 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 通常在你的眼睛里 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败的是 , 他的妻子将有一个可行的道德 , 证据证据符合他 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是空间梗阻是一个焦点变化 , 自动变化是全球和困难 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望莎莎的同学或朋友可以阅读您的话 , 如果可能的话 , 我希望莎的同学或朋友 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了catv图书馆图书馆 , 只是艾滋软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	然而 , 牛奶充满白细胞的血细胞 , 使牛奶神更快 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	另外 , 烹饪和可食品质主要是由于恢复者和f1组成的gca测定的 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	该技术支持uclidean距离测量和ls转换核距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	克斯特说: " 宫颈部被设计为治疗常见化疗治疗方式的治疗方式 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	最近几周 , 汽油价格的平均价格下降7美元 , 每桶加仑的3.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她准备准备修改器时 , 发现所有的视频剪辑在记录中锁定的所有视频剪辑的时候 , 在记录中都比起来的力量要多 ;
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然 , 当然你可以购买一些没有锁定的电话 , 现在它通常是一个运行的方法 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验表明 , 金属离子对脂肪的形状、大小和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	" 如果我从美国开始 , 我将花费更多时间来寻找基金 , " 江说 。
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果有一个神经学差异 , 它可以解释其行为差异的重要行为 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干化学试验方法和尿液沉积镜检测方法的临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一名伟大的雇员 , 使我成为我团队的重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	这个记者有权利选择并发表在本期刊发布的写作和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第二条小规模税人交易人或税务服务应当为6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组运动功能显著提高治疗后 , 特别是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	干旱通过热波传播 , 伴随热波和强烈的野火 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张照片 , 约翰·莱恩逊和约翰·莱克诺都在冲击 , 他们就像一只滑雪的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的头发和银色的玻璃使他成为哈利波特的死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮件通常邮件到美国电子邮件 , 首先是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡是一个财富的一部分 , 必须给予贫困或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	所以在碰撞结束后几乎发生了什么 , 电子在这里下降了 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么呢 ? 看起来像你站在那个巨大的犹太人那样的时候 , 看起来是什么样的 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内部艾滋病从脚里离开 , 所以他们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她每天喂了三到四次的牛奶 , 同样的婴儿需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	对于我们的知识最好 , 大脑胶囊肿瘤很少被瑞典报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看 , 这个新闻是一位80岁的女孩 , 为她的狗出生3000元 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	采用ergraph工具设计系统信息模型 , 建立了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	在我们的路上 , 没有洪水 , 但在这里 , 山区的山区都落在公路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层的框架和监督控制层网络系统的管理层和监督控制层 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论目前实验室检查并不明显帮助bmt早期诊断 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	设计的传感器也可用于测量其他类型线性位移或旋转角的测量 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析汉代铜的某些现象 , 在汉代中利用铜铜的描述现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	西南地区和东南部地区的一些不同的pt条件有不同的 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运行策略:适应自适应 , 积极推进 , 独立发展 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 该公式被认为是在管道上的绘制力计算的 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	设置的价值是一个java.lang.lang.laang.oct或子类的参考 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	全国立法运动协会政府在美国运动大学体育学院 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着那些住在下一个房子里的人 , 不要你吗 ? " 问一名女孩 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我的丈夫第一位教练经验是一名高级学者篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨经外伤性脑内血压的临床特点及治疗 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	如洗涤、吹孔等缺陷 , 在蝴蝶式阀中分散冲刷 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	每年 , 每年你在这里与通胀和主体交流 , 增加了每年的增加 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因是由于东和西之间的思想差异 , 造成了冷战的长期原因 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	抗抑郁药丸的下面之一是 , 他们可以带来一段时间来工作 , 在两周之间 , 八周之间 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他一起有很好的关系 , 即使在马拉维亚比赛后 , 他称为我想知道所有的事情 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是美国学习和发展基金建立的主要有益 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文分析了现代景观演进项目的建设管理 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市民国会广州市民国会 , 华盛顿yang说 , 学校主席 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立复合材料水氯化合物的质量控制方法 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间 , 豪华房间 , 单房间 , 各种套件 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染及耐药状态在医疗紧张护理单位的临床意义 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨大鼠不同肠道分泌的吸附动力学 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜 , 美妙的大量魔鬼的洞穴 , 水 , 摩西 , 土耳其 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	回到韩国南部 , 两个烟草和城镇享受了两个人在爱时期的欢迎 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	所以 , 这只是唯一的电子 , 你可以在单一轨道中获得最多的电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记关于水平表面的忘记 , 忘记站起来 , 只要把你的队员扔掉 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 打击 " 意味着 , 独立的信息共享 , 互相理解和同一时期的平行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰还有神话质量 , 因为直到日本发现他们是不可能生长的 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	就在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 他的妻子在34年前就搬到了 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	我也喜欢我的自由 , 我也不肯定我做的 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	为了一种发明 , 它不能在艺术中的普通技能之一 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	五月五日 , 莱纳德·辛菲尔德版本和文章在巴塔维亚 , 伊利诺伊斯 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣卢西亚明确是一个岛屿 , 只能希望它保持不断的魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请维持清洁环境 , 转移细胞电话和b.b.调用 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac治疗效率比传统的pac或铝酸盐更好 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户从音乐博客中导航的话 , 那么歌鸟可以添加什么价值 ?
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我刚刚刚在丹麦 , 事实上 , 我不会在那里有一个巨大的吉尔普社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了处理idp的增加负荷 , 基于集群实现负荷平衡的基础上 , 实现负荷平衡 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但在那么暴力的发生中 , 原因变化了 ; 没有什么事情仍然保持 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与爱尔兰集团同时也很棒 , 这给我们一个关于陶瓷工作的新观点 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务预算是信用市场的关键问题 , 从短缺经济转移到另一个方面 , 是信用市场的关键问题 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听 , 但她也没办法 , 然后她看到北方和北方的蓝色 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看见它是一半轻松的 , 是诗人感觉的本质 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但改变足够的话 , 虽然它只是一个时间 , 而且你的想法只是死亡 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然 , 两个女孩有一个变化 , 另一次推出了白色和水 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳闪烁着河里的河流 , 带着幽默的丈夫 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一对不适合你的鞋子里 , 所以你想要分开穿鞋或运动 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后 , 他把卫生放在一封信中 , 但他特定的插件的细节并不被称为 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	加入这一想法 , 由宗教团体的宗教团体 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和增强水力燃料生产的喷洒 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔菲歌曲 , 诺顿玩 " 瑞士河 "  , 然后 " 孟加拉 " 快速 " 的 " 快速 " 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	交易机制和系统将由公司、代理商、零售商保持、零售商保持 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期存储系统 , 管理器必须通过视觉检查来控制库存 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	但我对你说 , 应该更容易对判断的日子的土地进行判断 , 比起 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一名演讲 , 曾经在山西每个艺术家都教授到巴勒·麦卡特尼 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	新应用程序或功能性大大提高了成本 , 节约成本丰富 , 提高了新应用程序的时间市场 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	在开放式衬衫的时候 , 普通是运动员 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后 , 在匹配和线性电压控制条件下 , 给出了最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 黄张不能控制自己 , 却开始笑着他的妻子和可爱的婴儿 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道 , 我怎么努力工作 , 共同努力 , 足够的钱为我的按照和教训赚够的钱 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	得到一些惩罚者或某些东西 , 用来保持和锤子轻轻轻轻地站在床上 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	绅士是一个尖锐的剑 , 绅士是一个能让所有人把自己提交给它 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 道德和经济都变得不可重视的反对 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试 , 我会得到一个坏的程度 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但是 , 两次学术奖金者也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	第二 , 指针分别在指针上启动 , 并遵循它的箭头来访问它的指针 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	据悉 , 12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 历史上第一批篮球游戏 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期的醒目中 , 他对共和党人在国会的共和党人作出了一次意愿 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本的日本远远大 , 然而日本已经成为那些逃离美元的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	这些地方正在向于西方和自然春天 , 山上 , 都有可逮捕的痕迹、树木、山坡 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	詹宁白博士发表了许多文章 , 在有机化学和香料的主题上发表了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗吗 ? 我不相信它 , 我认为他工作了所有的兄弟 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的姐姐给我错误 , 她把我留在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	卡迪纳罗斯赞扬了 " 外星 " 圣的生活 , " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	" 这只是那些必须担心事件发生的男人 , 只是他们提交结果的恶意家伙 。 " 利夫斯说 。
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们在第二楼商店店里做出了办公室 , 把门铺在办公室里 , 穿着自己 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的形态融合方法 , 可以通过对传统的对象融合方法进行综合评价 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了hplc法测定在感染性水氯化物中 , 建立了hplc法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件过程代码是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	为了实验论述 , 文章介绍了大量前秦儒学和道德主义思想的思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房 , 他沿他的信里滑了刀刀 , 把它们折叠的信息滑出来 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地的人们杀死了所有的人 , 都把耶稣在他地方的儿子里 , 把耶稣给耶稣 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	另一家零售链 , 是第一次给大众和预期提供的零售地板 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	达吉尔没有必要从发明到生命之后 , 因为他被法国政府惩罚 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉人们吃鲨鱼的文件是好的 , 但吃这类动物的最后一样的吗 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	为了感觉空气温度 , 如热气隧道、热气隧道等 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电力转换器在增强模式运行时 , 低压侧电池将消除并为dclink提供电力 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的下面发生在1256年 , 由于蒙古帝国的扩张 , 导致伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个阻挡区域图和一个边界图 , 为了加强振动的失败图 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的文本链接应该为创建和使用它们的交易的理解提供信息 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个热闹的夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面变得充满幻想 , 充满尝试 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微电机械系统多重性宏观模式非标准结构模型降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨aarararar-hena沥青脱硫剂的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在我喜欢学校之前 , 我喜欢所有的东西 , " 红色 , 现在19岁的电视台上说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间与各种类型的房屋和贸易人员的工作机构相结合 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学会了一些当地的法国 , 包括一个家庭的牛肉 , 如果吃饭的话 , 我们也学会学会 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	然而 , 在这里 , 危险的危险中 , 假定唐氏的危险 , 量化的东西都是有一个印象 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的正式集 , 给出了常规半群的结构理论 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析了安东纳高度扫描的存在问题 , 采用辐射特性测量方法 , 分析了安东纳高度扫描的存在问题 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但我们必须提醒我们的标志 , 他们必须遵循 " 五月七日 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满模糊和价格 , 他们收集了他们的第一次杀死的皮肤 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	结合这种价格的位置显著增加潜在的null布局的潜在增加 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果表明 , 黄马和蒙古羊之间的抗感染的差异 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 除了山上橄榄树 " 外 , " 小河 " 、 " 村庄跨越 " 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在新西兰电视台的视频图像中 , 男子在他被禁止的时候 , 他把一个伤害的男子带到了一个伤口 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 在乔治·马逊大学地球科学教授的第二个位置上 , 作为地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	俄萨克的土耳其农民并非免疫 , 每个地方都遭受农业群落的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	因此 , 叶子种子在树顶上取根 , 速度和绿化 , 进入大规划树 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	" 火山的火山正在到一个结束 , " 彼得·l&uml说 , 方案是政治学家 。
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	定量地处理了西汉堡的沉积样本 , 并定量地处理了西汉堡的沉积样本 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两人都在饮料和女性的尝试中 , 与批评者和新闻相关 , 都有不少的关系 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	dshboard接收从集中应用程序的文本信息 , 并使用它查询后端商店的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	agvgggggv标志系统是控制和管理许多软件 , 完成了许多材料传输任务 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	第一章 , 本书的第一章开始 , 有一条药物 , 这种药物已经推出了一个希望的禁止 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	交通方便:上海的220公里 , 65公里 , 来自宁波的290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作家罗伯特·沃尔斯创造了一个诗人时 , 他实际上写了一个自我肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	所有的东西都有思想 , 说 , 你现在做的是这样的 , 也包含了你未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖主义的nuke , 组成了strayexsoviet消防材料 , 可以破坏整个日子 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听到两个朋友谈论过去 , 想 " 梦想 " 的梦想 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	操作研究的性质和特点 , 知识系统 , 开发历史 , 应用 , 应用 , 功能在商业决策中 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	据伊里克森说: " 我是一个空间 , 我已经活了500年 , 我已经活了 。 "
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	所以 , 索萨可能是在压力下切断警察号码的情况下 , 因此 , 因此 , 索萨也许会被压力削减警察数量 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	好时 , 当伊利雅的时候 , 只有上帝把我当死后 , 就像他死后的一样 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	他说 , 参加阅读 , 他在同一个城市生活的40万人群中 , 大量的历史人群 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确保 , 我认为你应该拥有三个涡轮试验 , 以及一定程度的测试 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	学校有小张 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 现在积极努力建设一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	本公司拥有强大的技术强度和国内先进产品r&d能力的研究机构 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝结冷却 , 失去与组织的触摸 , 白海天使也承认了他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在民族卫生机构上投资免疫高度的基本上是关键的 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	提出了设计与计算的原理和方法 , 为了测量机制的设计和计算方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在福利多元主义的影响下 , 社区护理成为复制问题的主要策略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	实际上 , 我每天都在jail , 当我在jail洗澡时 , 我用冷水就没有什么事情 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被存储到一个持久的中介作为新文档或作为它们原始的数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学阻力解决方案具有良好的稳定性 , 服务寿命长 , 粗糙的钢表面 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他是由4名特定负责人支持的高级部长 , 他也被选为政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	住宅活动家和学者说 , 这个选举年计划将很容易 , 但不会结束 , 房子危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利亚的目标是为了捕捉最好的肖像 , 她可以在那种时间框架内和你的工作是帮助她 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文斯先生说 , 从现在的移民将在澳大利亚工作力的结构上发挥更大的作用 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人震惊的责任 , 知道你准备的未来 , 中国的下一代领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这个失败者是人类 , 他们有一个警告的观点 , 首先 , 请问问问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板强化软土基地具有快速速、更好的效果和易于建设的特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 1999年建立了心态树咨询 , 在预计现有的材料的极端威胁中 , 目前已被发现 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	它比原来一个和覆盖2个伦敦公共的240个等价区更大50倍 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但上帝不仅忘记过去 , 他衣服在正确的时候 , 尽管你从来没有犯罪 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	看看人们在接近6个人 , 哭泣 , 在那个时代 , 让我欣赏我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟的厨房是一个非常成熟的工艺 , 看起来是一个普通的部件 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	在2005年房地产的峰值上 , 销售出现和新房屋的销售都在1976年的两倍 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:对6例sb患者和8例正常人进行监测 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	而她的孩子 , 他们在贝尔维尔上得到了好吗 ? 那么 , 父亲对此很高兴 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	在5059岁的年龄组中 , 非临床使用药物的使用也比60年龄组更普遍 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国客人与中国人交易的基本利益一定是在我国人民交易的基本利益下 , 是中国人民的朋友 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们也可以猜 , 这样的牙刷可能会伤害这个人牙齿 , 以及他的情绪 , 很大程度上不便 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是 , 一个过度信心的李思想 , 两个银行加强了两个银行 , 梅德将在中心弱 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	范尼拉 , 作为最受欢迎的旗帜 , 在商店前面的一个独立案例 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	三十岁以上女性离婚的女性在中国日常文化中有几乎像中国人一样的地位 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲常在这么晚上错过他们的路 , 我可以告诉你现在没有机会改变 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	天津是中国城市青年文化和街道生活的新型羊肉电视剧 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏幕上的新闻 , 死亡滚动现在2100万人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , 在扩展后 , eg在细胞查询中插入到了一个 " 蠕虫 " 像结构一样 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	自然答案可以更自然 , 因为高尔夫球员在高尔夫球员在快乐中浪费他的武器 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他种玉米的玉米有水 , 不要粉末 , 当你加热一系列玉米的时候 , 水里会使玉米开发 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红葡萄酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症 , 心脏病 , 依赖剂量依赖于剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到我在这个冒险之前 , 现在我必须住在我的信用卡上 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会的责任明确定义 ? 这些定义符合区的需求 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	一个应用程序研究人员邀请摄影机流动cyetry , 用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺 , 他说 , " 自信 , 保护自己的客户的秘密 。 "
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 强调了负电源供应的负电力理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但如何标准产生神经神经病理评估范围的标准是目前没有共识的 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我问她 , 她总是准备帮忙 , 解释到我的满意 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这个版本双扫描器有两个输出线 , 使它适用于广泛的使用 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你处理bsool像一个令人惊讶的教育经验 , 那么机会就会得到很多 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国的邀请是来自叙利亚的阿巴斯大使在暴力抗议者 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地回答: " 正如上帝所吻的话 , 就像上帝一样 , 没有伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	然而 , 随后他们有四分之一和战斗 , 他们杀死了一名可行的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在贵阳高中得到了显著的结果 , 并获得了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从奥巴伦斯基的政权转移到贝州霍夫 , 这是在莫斯科附近形成的 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能操作 , 包括使用战略底部和覆盖操作 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校英语课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是在未来的 , 几乎没有完成低密钥的珊瑚细胞组合工作的原因 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理还访问了罗德亚通用医院 , 中国社会福利项目基金会 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个例子正在改变表空间容器的位置 , 它也可以使用背部和恢复 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有引起商业名牌的破坏 , 但不会增强他们的切割 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	mercator的世界是一个月的杂志 , 在探索、发现和映射地球和空间上的探索中 , 发现 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元区将运行198.95美元 , 传输视频和图像来自您的计算机 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	研究了沿海海岸沿海沿海沿海沿海沿海沿海海海岸的最后一次全球损失的研究 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试相似于最近实际的粒子 , 问题类型和困难程度相似 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	比较了vrv热泵空调系统的经济效率 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	电影是美国版本的两千八个法国圣诞家 , 称为 " 贫困 " 的两千八个法国版本 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	两个灯光的灯光与灯光的灯光 , 烧在内部卫星前面 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有许多道德主义部分在唐代 , 其中 , 上清区有最大的影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展已经给出了基督制度和其他外国节的流行 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐歌在 " 新疆 " 的一个小知识 , 显示了每一方面的思想治理 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春季春季春季春季春季时期的第一次暴雨日期是十分明显的内部特征 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有的sainc.insa指导师都在工作场训练和评估中获得了证书4 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以把这笔钱送到达尔夫的营地里 , 给艾滋病疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看看 , 我们拇指和拳击专家 , 当它来汽车时 , 我们得到了一点点冲击 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁可以知道你眼睛的眼睛并没有与劳动黑色触摸 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有许多 " 也许 " 的可能性 " , 看起来像他们可能只能贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置原因是一个瓶颈的变化 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本烹饪书中 , 由此 , 所以 , 适合全年消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果 , 交易和出生重量的妊娠年龄显著低于严重组 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统选择了一名出生业务执行官 , 以成为他的新秘书 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然我不能吃饭 , 但我仍然可以用这些鼻子和饺子来获得饭 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp被给予学位权力 , 这意味着它被允许称为大学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年出版了我第一篇文章 , 但在1983年的时候 , 西方写不到1983年开始 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以采取一个步骤 , 开始了解为什么事情发生 , 你可以找到正确的后果 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着 , 如果你想要保持技能 , 就会减少激励 , 尽管你的财务给予收入 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	银玫瑰在家里 , 为了旅行 , 因此广东不再回到嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	在各种行业的新标准 , 包括健康 , 已经提高了xmlenabled应用程序的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你做了严肃的错误 , 如果你伤害了别人或自己 , 那就没有用来感觉 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	一个主机或服务决定停止在它的状态下 , 当它的状态下滑时 , 就会停止停止 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	变量系数 , 解决方案本身和其正常流体可能是在接口中不断的 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中9硝基素激素激素激素激素的体外稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母-和农业家、教育家和心理学家 , 寻求帮助 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	在第一次出口 , 重重 , 米地和匹配 , 玛丽的植物大延迟了我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	达多:在经典的建筑中 , 基地和玉米之间的平原部分 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	上海是一家机械 , 这是他的工作shop , 而在后面有一个小房间里有一个小的事情 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	唐接到一份新闻 , 不仅逃走了 , 却穿着衣服 , 准备救他们的父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	现在 , 他捕捉了一百万人住在哪里的山羊 , 而这里有三百亿人希望生活在2050年 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	一些美国中西部的一些国家已经声明了由于雨灾和火灾所致的紧急状况 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	戈斯ip:指南阿巴德学习你不知道一件好事 , 直到去找另外一个人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论ldocaine与dexamethaone结合 , 可以防止由dctaxol引起的phlebiti引起 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两个人醒来 , 突然看到春花 , 采用了春花 , 然后用来搜索 , 来搜索生物 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突破了非森林 , 沉默的月亮 , 一个柔软的光线 , 在地面上投射在地面 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 区别的客人 , 女人和女人 , 所有的员工京华 , 下午 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	由于人类对人类的影响 , 利江流域的影响很难看到 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 野生的烧烤与野生的动物相关 , 或者是由黄金部长和其他人免费的动物 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	拱形学家突然认为花园被放弃在一个积累的建筑中 , 为了提高水的规定 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	本论文将是一个21世纪的萨拉杰夫 , 在能源资源上引发一个主要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	奥运会的未期待死亡已经获得了一个在好的萨马利亚法律的更多国际辩论 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了在详细的基础上 , 详细介绍了其生产和应用情况 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	由于悲剧和德里亚 , 莱克有许多城镇民间的犯罪 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	因此 , 由于使用异常的神经元作为解决方案 , 使膜过滤避免了介质介质的干扰 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	在1893年 , 他在27岁的时候 , 他报道了他被定义为哲学的照片方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 这些诗歌的意义很明显 , 读者可以从她的经历中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	本项目旨在防止4 , 00000个专用设备失效 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	事实上 , 气速度和压力在辐射和循环方向下的交叉截面变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在课堂训练和评估中花2小时 , 每个学生都会赚0.2元 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了以色列和苯乙烯的静态二极极极可能性的研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把鸡蛋放在炉子上 , 蛋糕沙拉沙拉沙丘最喜欢 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 在广东核电厂中获得了大量的边缘 , 18个月的燃料周期 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室测试中 , 他们发现一个叫做blec被称为blec作为两个目前hiv药物 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	第400个im不仅需要强度和速度 , 每四个步骤都需要强度和速度 , 而且还有极大的耐力 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	潘迪特说: " 当这个公共文档固定了他的拇指 , 把他的拇指固定到这个公共文档中 , 就不能回来 。 "
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是班级球员 , 他很不同 , 我不能找到他看起来像他或玩耍 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员说 , 他们的发现也可以适用于那些声称他们依赖于早上一杯茶 , 以获得他们的脑袋 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看不到人要来 , 给你吃饭或水 , " 人说 , " 上帝会给我 , " 是唯一答案 。 "
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度不会增加你的抑郁 , 但获得重量 , 你需要适合您的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	在网络之后 , 他开始从太空中发出的双重主题 , 从而获得忠实的下面获得忠实的信心 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	阿默也说 , 在另一天 , 她只想说她对整个事情有什么想法 , 没有任何意见 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用正确的axilla对肝癌h2疫苗移植的肿瘤模型进行了移植 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我得到了这个感觉 , 所以我可以把它放到家后 , 然后我就不能超过它 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本论文对人体、ilium、kull和rib强度的强度进行了测定 , 并对其强度的影响进行了比较 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	韩国的物种已被建立为一家zabrak , 使他成为同样的相同种类 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛使用 , hlv兼容电路的设计越来越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝型电力设备:为厂家提供电力工厂、房屋及其它工厂提供固定 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	这位21岁的丹麦国际人被广泛视为欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	在诊断中 , 女性是35岁的媒体年龄 , 被观察到17 , 408个人 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	这位中场的离开已经证实了 , 他将在老板转会上留下 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	面对生物 , 凤凰 , 它们可以立即携带重负荷 , 他们的泪水有健康的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样的情况下 , 该组织可以使用简单的进步检查员来运动机制和倡议的操作控制 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	在英格兰的木材和纤维镜头中 , 椭圆形成的内部措施只有6英尺左右 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是知识资本的一般名字 , 在知识驱动经济时代 , 知识资本是医院的必要资本 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇室墨尔本哲学有很多原因来庆祝 , 它与观众共享庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 应该rukh已经结束了杜 , 国家第二部电信运营商比埃斯塔的第二名电信运营商 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前进的膜只释放新鲜水进海洋 , 不允许盐水来污染袋 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们欢迎来自我们的城市委员会的更多帮助--------我们从来没有发生 , 这是为什么我们追求kirkby的原因 。
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	据说 , 你已经有限的工资预算和5公斤的最大预算 , 还有你想要7公里的玩家 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液保险:现在有机会来自英雄攻击 , 血液 , 或威尔文 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	针对非静态过程线性结合的第一个交叉可靠性 , 提出了一种有效的数值计算方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	随着市场渠道的发展 , 项目应采取权限化的销售代理模型 , 以提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民担心 , 跨坡可以创造低质量的混合植物 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员了解不同形状和尺寸的特征 , 结果不同的谐波结构不同频率的特征 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨重复复发射内皮钉的疗效 , 探讨其间隔骨折的影响 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	该工具适合一个进展的throtle行动 , 它允许一个低速开关 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	pd控制采用位置算法 , 限制了控制量和集成量 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	研制了光相色谱法 , 研制了光相色谱法和光谱有机化合物分离 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	苏州公园酒店和套房是苏州会议或社交场所的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	在运行微镜下 , 观察了前交流动物的原子特征 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	斯科斯特把花切成一朵花 , 想使用鲨鱼刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早早早上或鸭子建议 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在程序方面 , 共同的争论需要相当的辩论和对话 , 在法官、党和其他参加之间的辩论 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记花费基督制片 , 只看电影或假期阅读1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	特里lundren是macy的首席执行官 , 公司拥有macy和bloomingdaledale部门 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 无论如同类、会议、会议、会议或会议发生什么样的事情 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们一般信任我们自己的能力 , 但我们不信任别人的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南外交部长菲姆·binh称 , 周一结束 , 生产力最终 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	呼唤你心烦恼...跟着节奏...
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷染色沉积物的运行与断裂方法的关键问题及影响 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配导航器的标志 , 那么将导航器的分裂相互交换成小的无限性 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨纳米管直接重建治疗ktp激光患者的折射性结晶体炎的疗效 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	当您添加si业务成员时 , 可以自动创建一个消息发动机时 , 您拥有一个单个消息发动机 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平面将阻挡风流 , 还创造一个死水区 , 以便在它方形的方式之前 , 造成了一个死水区 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国继续成为2008年亚洲所有国家寻求者的主要国家地位 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何一些反应文本文档都可以拥有他们的丰富或平原文本字段 , 适用于电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	murrieta沿着教育 , 高收入与三角洲和橙色国家的社区相比 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	潘纳尔是一个非投票 , 但即使fda建议板 , 还没有投票机构审查 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在市场条件下 , 已经形成了10年的经验 , 可以更多的公司加入 , 将建立一个行业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克逊说: " 你需要削减一个机构来使系统变化为变化 , " 伯克逊说 , 他协调预算解决 。
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者们学习 , 前面检查 , 郭鹏已订购了两个 " 五个小说 " 的建设 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是论文的作者:《论文》的指导和《查德勒·伯尔》的主题 , 是2003年作者的学生 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aiibllet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、计划、设计和交付集成的服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供高质量时尚产品的客户提供客户 , 为每个人都使用的东西 , 都可以做一个好的工作 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr常见的离开工作模式 , 在gpr记录中有大量的连续噪音 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 科罗尼亚的28岁的大脑是怎么产生的 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样的蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 很享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	萨格塔利亚人是积极的人 , 他们在生命上有着明亮的出口 , 是企业 , 充满能源和活力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	在一般情况下 , 废物并没有或展示感染的内在危害 , 除非在特定情况下 , 除非在很具特定的情况下 , 外 , 废物并没有或表现出一种内在的危害 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	然而 , 没有什么事情 。 相反 , 阿普吉奥斯通过一个不期待和谐的成功进化了 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨动物病理模式下血液和血液学含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有的jcss气体都分配了他们的价值 , 通过对称标准气体分析了政府机构的重力标准气体 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这个步骤是引起过去几十年的生物化学研究中最强烈的破坏 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个竞争者都被送到一座塔 , 坐在身上 , 把自己覆盖在钉子里 , 但只有在完全被打破后才能完全覆盖自己 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	它提供了一个完整的客户、合作伙伴、产品和业务通过数据仓库或联邦提供了单个和完成的观点 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	一家公司可能会有时会在一家损失中卖掉 , 为了使它的危机变成破产 , 然后把市场消除 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	当使用git时 , 您可以假设您的存储库是在内核的地方位置的一个小的位置 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电话 , 电话 , 保险和电缆账户自动地从我们账户中自动推出 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图把独特的治疗、有限和能力的西方权力的特权抛弃到中国 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我注意太阳的光线 , 甚至在冬天最冷的日子里 , 我可以很容易用火 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应当采取适当的政策 , 以确保这些西方企业的领导地位 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果上帝看见我们在他所爱的儿子的眼睛 , 那么我们也应该从耶稣看到自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但对于一个广泛的方式 , 差异意味着颜色和姿势和多样性体现统一和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性的产业和非创造性的包袋密切的经济趋势 , 其非创造性袋对工业发展的巨大不足 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本文总结了我国卢徐的研究特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	营地的第一条规则是保持一个清洁营地点 , 你不能留下任何东西 , 可能认为是食物 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	它使得它能够达到石油沉积物 , 它们不能达到一座城下或湖下的垂直的石油沉积 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报告 , 网络外部性是imcl的重要因素之一 , 证明了它对imcl的影响 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全由于一个新的恐怖威胁 , 街道被关闭 。 警察线路 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为这是很好的看到政治上的动态女性 , " 34岁的解释员ryokookamoto说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	2012年 , 法国工业将在巴黎附近巴黎附近 , 安装增强机场的增强 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体地位 " 北山文化 " 成为一个新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因为美国的利率往往往会导致美元欢迎 , 他们可能会使得贸易赤字更大 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	电视、电视等现代装置广泛应用于广泛的电子管、电视和许多现代装置 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在严重的河流城市 , 生活的过程完全对潮流的绿色流动 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	在6月 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪人在豪华大陆酒店上发射了一场死亡的袭击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果对象确实是飞行者 , 恢复它可能是值得数百万美元的 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动性与其负荷和平均尺寸相关 , 由于它的扭曲和弯曲而导致裂纹的平均尺寸 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	采用hplc , 分析了我国氯丙纯纯纯尿病植物的含量 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	汤姆斯先生正在做一个长距离调用 , 请等几分钟 , 你喜欢一些咖啡或茶吗 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两位创始人说 , 每个人都拥有xco的新co , 并将所有的ip分配到新生物的ip 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过欣赏和分析一些组成 , 我们可以在中国现代油画的现代背景下进行合理的贫困 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	当普通的lecrrc称为他们的追踪者时 , 说: " 法国人 , 穿着别人的统一吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	利用光学检测方法 , 研究激光对b/kno3引起的光学特性的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	将板块的贡献给双重软件和xenoft软件的超自动调整 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 它只记录在太阳峰 , 这个地方是在保护下的国家公园内的 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子们的歌曲在孩子们的教育中发挥了重要作用 , 不要被其他的诗歌替代 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	照片是什么 , 正如图片描绘 , 有很多东西或想要的人必须承受或寻求的东西 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预计 , 中东的持续稳定性将会继续推进春天的价格 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另外一个因素提到:公司建立在后端 , 以便采取所谓云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	基于交通统计的发展趋势 , 提出了 " 交通账户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅是学生 , 还有教师被王利青大学的新闻吸引到青华大学的新闻引起来 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持允许社会继续增长它的标准项目和基金会 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	基于工程分散规律 , 建立了基于工程分散规律和激励机械的原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 滑 " 系统给你几个选择 , 把装饰物放在表面上 , 例如桌子和服装物上 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	浙州的城镇将包括五个混合塔从环形的池塘里翻出来 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可能回忆到2006年 , 北京峰会在中国非洲合作举行的北京峰会 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会和美国法官讲话一个机会 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意 , 润滑化的细胞形成在左侧的内周围的细胞 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、血浆粘度、淋巴细胞变形指数、纤维素和plt均降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前coreoslinux用户可以采取云学平台 , 以达到世界最大的市场之一的优势 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在服装行业中应用 , 服装mtm开发的快速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据收集将被严格的信心 , 并且只适用于接收和其他通信 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个笔头都与两个帽子相匹配 , 液体管都被放在松 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从上述实验证明 , 在预测mchmanpower供应的供应中 , 生命方法是实用的 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何改善在这个自由的课程中 , 如何从一个经验的环境艺术家的学习 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛还宣布了克拉达王的重任 , 它的高级副总统在中国人力资源 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于它的微观升级 , 格鲁兹是一个城市 , 几乎是中世的火焰 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	你因为你在你身边都有这些德国 , 你的身体希望得到德国 , 所以你就会感到厌恶 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这是为了添加额外的信息 , 为了在开发人员之间 , 特别是如果地图共享在开发者之间 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某种方式中加入你的网站 , 即使它只是在头图像或像中心颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另一个现实是 , 如果美国不能扩大出口 , 压力将会增长进口 , 相反 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全 , 不要触摸产品、测试电缆或其他其他设备 , 在测试中应用到电路 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	大多数巴菲特的智慧干扰从此一项投资特性来说:当你不知道什么时候 , 不要做什么 , 不要做什么 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己受到伤害 , 白人带来了罗杰的药物问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	试验是不仅提高生产力 , 而且也提高了自己的工作方式 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们当然欢迎各种客户的需求 , 我们保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	" 托尼是很好的 , 友好地说 , " 一份报告说 , " 他的医院是防止他的条件 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 1954年 , 伦敦只有几十个武装橡胶 , 但在1990年代 , 在1990年代 , 有一百多次 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们还在世界战争结束的时候 , 我看到了我在世界大战结束的一张麦尔曼斯克的图片 , 是一张航空照片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在一组志愿者早上训练的志愿者 , 在晚上还没有睡眠 , 没有睡眠 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国朋友们有特别关注他们的努力 , 以阻止加州暴力 , 以及困难的青少年工作 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布在web内容的版本 , 使您的原源代码保持自己的原始源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克、卡塔里娜和华尔街崩溃的战争是雷根时代的三名钉子 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	第一次听到后 , 这就得到了一个直接笑容 , 然而 , 热情在第一次听到之后 , 听到了 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	重新从那个肮脏的堆积中恢复了 , 它能看到光 , 仍然在很好的状态 , 它是这样的救济 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我的父亲是我母亲离开我的妹离开的中心 , 我的父亲是正确的守卫 , 我的兄弟离开了 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	看看我们一起做什么 , 看看我们做的事情 , 意识到我们是没有等等等的故事的一部分 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着他自己的愤怒 , 奥巴旺把这座速度放在多州最大速度的山顶上 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容 , 可以实现国家规范 , 所有指标是我们的要求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨已经组成了一个国际联盟政府 , 声称新选举将在未来几个月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	温暖的记忆往往来 , 所以 , 莱宁拉德的第70周年的大小可能看起来不明显 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	如果你在这里有三个 , 那么祝贺你 , 你已经成为一个行的女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	双臂 , 把火烧成你在一个不可避免的地方 , 就像可能加水一样 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	摇滚乐 , 一个微小的社区20英里的哈特福德南部 , 是中场的一个城镇 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	周五 , 这将是一个星期五 , 但它将在九点钟 , 他会在这里 , 所以我认为这里会是很多乐趣 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们并不确定不常见的 " 固定的 " 完成在常见的木粒的地方 , 然而这是纯粹的主观 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反应是指法律建设的新建设可以适用于过去事件和行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢慢慢地思考你的注意力 , 你会同意在浏览网络时回答电子邮件 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数的保护者都说在首都 , mbane , 而且不能得到曼西 , 45分钟的驱动 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上在剧院 , 这个球讲述了一个水电坝的三相楼的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢在低密钥状况下使用这个策略 , 比如杂货店、咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	接下来一名小山告诉记者 , 他每天早上每次上升5点 , 第一件事是帮助母亲理解厕所 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 在内部国家拥有强烈的存在 , 工作肩膀和当地卫生官员工作肩膀 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	阿德华:那个电影猫在帽子里显示了我们的立法者在电视上战斗 。 谢什 ! 脸上有什么损失 。
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	在这些基因中 , 人们的基因中 , 有一定的变化 , 这些cnv删除的数量有很大的变化 , 有些人拥有数百万 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	" 生活成本低廉 , 德克萨马 , 巴基尔人肯定在这个城市找到爱 ! " 租金说 。
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	电力拓展认为开放性是资源集成器的一个重要质量最重要的质量 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	粉末形式中 , 应该存储在冰箱里 , 保护防止暴露到光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	采用风吹煤设备和煤颗粒筛选设备 , 提供了半层燃烧炉 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	get、fget、fread、fscanf和flose函数也返回错误的错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳态的光学成像部分 , 一个稳定的视觉信息处理部分和电机驱动部件 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流体分析在指导代谢工程中的基因管理具有重要意义 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 需要的类似需要 , 仿真一个消防器 , 在过去的计算中被吸引 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	显示了这个数据库中的所有列表的列表 , 在这个数据库中显示了一个独特的单列索引的列表 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	正如我们所知的 , 定义差异方法是地质物理学的一种广泛应用 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约新签订的公司利润将于周二在股票市场上获得早期收益 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了建立国有股权分配代表的工作计划 , 建立国有股权的代表 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:在刺激70hh后 , 从淋巴细胞成功地克隆 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种牵引修复减少床的牵引修复 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	其他全身的皮肤皮革 , 没有头发 , 单位表面区域不超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一个runaway河 , 我们等待pew.qw.q3721.comle 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈学院提供特别的第一次推广 , 允许新闻在10美元下采取课程 , 有时会免费 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评价皮肤皮肤移植的感觉恢复情况 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前 , 矿业企业的有效税收率低于非主导企业的1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数的社会昆虫中 , 比如洗涤、蜜蜂和蚂蚁 , 女性是工人 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	采用仿真和实验 , 研究了低电压系统短路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	将接触到表之后 , 数据库返回了行的id列的id列 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义 , 每个人都具有独特的创造性思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	结论 , 在夏季和冬季使用的方法下 , 节能消耗的方法降低了一定程度 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论在r.flavipectus检测无阻抗性 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	孟年老人开始查询一个关键问题 , " 他做了这批经理做得很多 , 很大程度上 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	三明的 " 智慧 " :绅士...让我介绍给我的朋友:优先 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	元兴北部位于台山顶部 , 是一座温度的大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在例外的情况下 , 每日都可以允许客户支持或修改相关的指令秩序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常的环境 , 和宏观之间的选择之间 , 一个极为薄弱的组织保护 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	拥有各种设计方式的专业设计师 , 为您创建的各种设计方式 , 经验丰富 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 当你在飞行上创建功能的时候 , 需要实际的优势 , 没有变量参考 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人们 , 老朋友和亲戚自由搜索工具 , 包括41个白色 " 页面 " 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这种设计 , 双臂风格的变化 , 正如轻松的 , 法国短暂被捕 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 如果你本周打算100英镑 , 那么下周应该尝试105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	好的 , 宇宙的概念 , 在古代人群中 , 是你可能熟悉的 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	正常生产的离散过程可以离开 , 产品具有高产量和质量化的质量 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论 , 提高原发性介质ct诊断的关键是定位肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有人类的描述都在处理和修订下 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法来解决非线性测量函数的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	在印度 , 它是建筑大型煤炭电厂的公司 , 是主要气候污染物 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你已经覆盖在所有的诱导下 , 查看meller的方法 , 简单地提到我最后提到它 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	农民计划了他从市场买的种子 , 秋天来了 , 没有收获 , 因为种子是面临的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	本公司的整体盈利总体增长到36.3% , 从今年的季度 , 从34.8%到36.3% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	在186名肝移植患者接受irolimus , 4个开发的肺炎被属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	" 作为父母意味着成熟的意思 , 帮助孩子适应失望 , " achenbach说 。
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外部事件从贷款交易过程的监测模型发送了这个代理值 , 到高层监测模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天的日本规则比韩国的规则 , 它的坚持者意味着 , 越来越多的三次差异 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的记忆仪式与周和卢在牺牲时代 , 提供、提供、提供等 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至有信息 , 烟雾吸烟也许不仅是吸烟者 , 而且是非吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结山东教授的临床经验 , 总结qi治疗胸部的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	没有发现的测试材料 , 适用于用于阻抗特定的雷达吸收器 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了用于太阳能热单元的铝合金支持电泳涂料过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 当然 , 咖啡的感觉效应和其他热饮料 , 比如茶或coa , 可以把精神升起 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨血管和二次异常j波的临床及电图特征 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:探讨微生物的萌发特征 , 通过解决它们的温度种子 , 探讨其萌发特征 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多级垂直切割机的应用范围和结构 , 安装线 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆形容器具有广泛的嘴部开放方便的填充和便于内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	近年来和中心尺寸的快速气候变化是分配研究中最重要的一个方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	它是一种常见的问题 , 适用于林和跨国的应用范围是公安机构的广泛广泛广泛 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国结束了一座远西北地区的四块块块块 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这个问题 , 我们已经通过单个hsc进行一系列的组织恢复研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	随着眼睛健康公司 , 巴斯&lomb对全球消费者的视觉和提高生活的影响 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助药品企业客户解决问题 , 人类健康的追求是我们的忠实理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街头骨架和建筑骨架构的新方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	在北京一所大学的农民和研究中 , 光谱的另一端是苏明 , 来自北京农民和农民的家庭 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大企业已经开始雇用西方人 , 在美国和欧洲设施的最佳经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到世界的真理 , 在我们自己的经验中 , 确定佛教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为了实现控制参数 , 本文使用plc , 设计了pd控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	几天的破产被宣布为伊德·阿拉哈的宗教节日 , 开始于17年1月17日 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以把自己的想法或关于web站点的列表上 , 大西洋 , 或者你可以发送信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个人在彼此周围增长更舒适 , 你会看到更多的头盖 , 因此更加暴露的脖子 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	其他环境党享受了一个记录 , 作为投票人抛弃了传统的联盟 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论碳单氧化钾复杂的高氧化疗效较高 , 改善率低 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一名球员 , 丹麦的教练乔治·卡尔在他的队伍上传到了一名骑士 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼被加载到omega3和蛋白 , 但它们还包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个爷爷里采取的骄傲 , 或者我开始对那些人来说的影响 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了使用xslt任务在清单1中显示的xslt任务中生成的检查方式报告的例子 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	新泽西的一个社区 , 新泽西的一个郊区 , 新布鲁斯威克 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	这种方法可以通过单一评价方法得到限制 , 满足单一评价效果的要求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升 , 温暖的空气形式差异的云层 , 可见在卫星和模型图像中可见 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	一个从瓶子里的游戏差异 , 它是一个专门的微型复制 , 帮助您执行专业的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	近年来 , 穆特trah拥有一个魅力的中大脑风格的中间风格 , 现在主要用来 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持这个 , 命令部署vmdelogr的三个选项是vdm的主要应用 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券都是标记的市场 , 但这项新的赌博仍然允许证券在历史成本上运行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想制造国家公共服务员的财产透明 , 我们应该建立和消费系统 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbbs论坛 , 因为他们的工具获得消息和通信 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子花在巨大的好意志上 , 她的夜晚在论坛上 , 直到她的声音慢慢慢 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你正在葬前面的时候 , 爬下山时 , 爬下山 , 就像在刹车之下的骑士一样 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	bronxzo是不可避免的 , 幻想 , 非常好的 , 很好地保持了 , 用那么多的看到和做得太多 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是 , 为什么要做交叉技术混合ui组成的原因 ? 路恩解释了一些使用cas的一些用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 基于jw1h医院信息系统 , 我们设计了军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	双方和nfma强化了发展中国家的能力 , 以管理他们自己的利益的森林信息基础 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小规模化学运行并从美国铜矿中污染 , 证明了它是灾难的 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	星期四 , 上海墨西哥的墨西哥的其他病人和41名其他病人在飞机上飞行 , 到达上海 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果需要准确的tc是在一个mgal水平的时候 , 最近的区域效应必须进行账户 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一种重型的工艺 , 高建造煤焦氧涂料 , 用于合金服务保护钢和混凝土保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	" 在民法制度的文化中 , 民法制度从自由资本主义转移到垄断资本主义 。 "
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	任何这些位置或风格的用户都需要登录 , 可以找到不断破坏或错误的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	考察了肝重、体重、tg、tg、tdlc、ldlc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已达到世界标准 , " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	耶稣问他们 , 「 圣巴上法律:要做好或做恶魔 , 拯救生命或杀死吗 ?
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一个19岁的一位19岁的工人名为 " 大厦 " 的身体被发现在4:30岁的门前面 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你还可以回忆到媒体被称为 " 附近的magoo先生 " 和 " 可怜 " 的麻烦 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但在爱丁堡大学后 , 他在自然历史上证实了更有趣的自然历史 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	问 。 我的年轻人参与了这么多活动:学校、小学、教会、体育活动 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	另外 , 它来到了其他人说的东西 , 这里离开了另一个维度的选举 , 这可能是字符或是什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	路易斯说 , 研究结果显示 , 重量、脂肪和疾病之间的关系的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户维持他们的网站朋友的列表 , 看看其他人添加了朋友 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家谈论工资平等 , 虽然我父亲在他的整个职业生涯中取得了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 中国三英寸黄金损失和西部角落都有这样的美丽时尚 , 比如中国三英寸的美丽时尚 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果在意大利销售iphone公司两家vdafone集团和电信意大利 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 这个概念是用你不能得到的东西存储你的裤子 , 或者你从家里错过 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维多·弗莱克的基本预言 , 携带的利益是管理其他人民的钱 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的泡沫实验中 , 得到直接闪光技术能够满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	有1500w的墙型空调条件 , 在两个客户房间 , 可以调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个逮捕图像来绘制眼睛和覆盖线 , 通过给出一种侵蚀的想法 , 给出了一个令人惊讶的思想 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 , 请不要期待我做床 , 画一张照片或扔球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	近五年来 , 慢性发现 , 他们的媒体增加 , 调整通胀 , 是19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法采用改性的spelisa检测2780细胞的血清酶活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做许多选择 , 但是如果你想做什么 , 咨询ocapriki页面 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一名新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我最好能与这个团队合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	艾莉·迪金森和她不明显的姐拉文尼亚住在一个叫做家的房子里 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我站在整个晚上 , 沿着一个硬盘来保持蚊子 , 就像一条卫生一样 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始考虑这些问题在你做什么时候 , 它们更加稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而 , 在实践中 , 我们看到政府官员属于最为犯罪和 " 法律 " 专业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书 。 我们从时间里出来 ! 你必须给予证明设备 , 已经从城里提取了它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们在一系列港口建立了一系列港口 , 每个人都是独特的目的 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇到了她未来的丈夫总是克莱·陈纳尔 , 他是中国的一个主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了移动 , 它需要男人 , 除非没有一个目标 , 外 , 除了移动的目标 , 外 , 还需要男人 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	实际上 , 我想从希腊语中产生的这句话 , " synkop " synkop , synkop 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的效果是城市收入的进一步 , 因为这类税的财产价值依据继续缩短 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在 , m1也许是莫托普最好的自行车 , 雅马哈拥有很大的骑兵 , 所以看起来就像他们不需要我一样 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的喜悦 , 他带来了我的生活 , 因为每个梦想都是真正的 , 因为我在他找到的 , 我永远会感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑蚁获得了多年的工作经验 , 合作与s&w合作 , 以设计特殊和完美的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑了大型机械远程测试的相同特点 , 该系统可以用于其他大型机械测试过程中使用 , 找到折射应用程序 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最受欢迎的适应应用程序之一是它的280000个收入 , 来自高尔和波恩 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	全球经济增长迅速 , 在19年前的26个国家下降了一年 , 由4月份报告的数据减弱 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统的主义者将他们的处理带到 " 价值 " 和 " 钻石化 " 的 " 范围 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	而且 , 如果他们在这里做出了一个传输的rna分子 , 它们只在另一端放入叶片 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水饱和缺陷、自由水、边界水和细胞水浓度与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要攻击 , 拉霍和其他队伍 , 杀死了100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	看起来 , 花色与总黄酮含量的差异没有明显的法律 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	1996年的年度报告是由纺织咖啡分辨纸制成的 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家 , 我很容易的步伐 , 穿着沙沙拉 , 我心里 , " 波普斯 , " 歌曲 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 我今晚喝不到喝酒 , 因为我是设计的驱动者 , 只是给我喝酒的玻璃 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 提出了研究的难点 , 以及发展前景的发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	介绍了 " 301船舶 " 的全尺度测试结果 , 或没有流动坦克和海洋 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 还有其他火山地点 , 比如mtetna等火山和火山 , 这可能适合研究人员的模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	潘多立即送出最好的萨普郡、橡皮和钻石的订单 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会用压力 , 正在允许自己的一些娱乐活动如电影和舞蹈 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友环境中 , 工作选择是最有可能从政府撤离的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人在继承共同发展的一般方向和加速咨询的一般方向上达到了共识 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是不错的新闻 , 阿森·罗布伦和乔布科尔 , 我很努力看看他们在团队获得正常的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在一家住宅里 , 水安全 , 享受舒适的纯水 , 下午4点钟 , 因为雨返回 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 元明的文本研究在理想世界的纯度上 , 在红色的梦想中保持着小水 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除消除失败的单个点来实现的 , 或制造两个规划和不断的下滑时间 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂有可能继续恢复 , 左臂仍然固定 , 而左臂的左臂仍然保持固定 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨高氧诱导慢性肺疾病的血管张素i型受体表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册表的结果 , 显示注册表在彼此解决器上重新运行 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	应当通过购买者和卖方签订的任何建议 , 应当在此合同中签订任何建议 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	空间科学院高速计算中心为学生和教育提供了高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	在获得了许可科学的学位后 , 我进入了1960年10月的伊斯森实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	gpo的资料是美国政府公开的一个可搜索的数据库 , 与这些可用的网络相关 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	在2006年至2010年之间 , 美国照片并没有给中国任何五家公司提供专利 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管预计要做出方向 , 但赵伟也强调性能工作的限制 , 但赵伟也没有意味着 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈利克和罗宾应该强调民营果实的关键主义是短期观察的 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是一个民族 , 关注到基因和运动的重要影响 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由于它的大小 , 病毒使用过度的阅读框架来生成蛋白完整的完整补充 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二个维度是 , 你需要更多的财政刺激刺激 , 在这个国家 , 可以使它传播到前面 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁 , 用柠檬汁洗净 , 还可以用柠檬汁洗净 , 把柠檬汁放在黑头上 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:改进和发展三阳三阴三阴的综合鉴别 , 探讨了女性疾病的类型 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	不要进入室内选择一些可燃的物质 , 爆炸物质 , 室内吸收防火 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	扩展能力自动地定位所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 用于监测和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内外 , 我们的客户包括竹钢、手工钢、黄钢、姜组等大型铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘书服务估计 , 每年印刷了1亿美元的反馈美元 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	老师专业的道德教师从两个方面产生的思想:历史和实践 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文采用自组织竞争神经网络 , 应用于异步电机的参数识别 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立一套hplc方法 , 建立一种用于复合素和ketotennasal喷雾的类似性评价方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防御建立的可能性 , 中国已经破坏了f17的秘密 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近一项调查 , 大约78.9%的大学生想进一步进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼常被描述为人类邪恶的破坏 , 是莫莫塔罗的一半正义 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	采用光敏聚合物 , 实现了高温比 , 采用光敏聚合物 , 实现了光敏聚合物 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的财务状况尤其糟糕 , 半人说他们不能节省的学生债务 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 查丽的天使 , 爱船 , 王朝 , 永远希望90210和梅罗斯地区 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	联合国艾滋病毒/艾滋病协会已建立了一个委员会 , 以研究亚洲和太平洋发展的影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	随着罗斯堡的注释 , 黑写作的批评往往被作为黑史上暴露的文本 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	你应该提醒 , 除非你给予正确和完整的信息 , 否则你会参加任何相关事件 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的床工程师 , 托马斯·塞克尔 , 本周第一次在飞机上拍摄了机器 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	观察我的影子知识 , 缺乏实际经验 , 希望读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	在这个时刻 , 对于我来说 , 地球的心灵是这个无眠的春夜 , 希望早晨在特定的冥想中 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 移民不应该被那么严肃地处理 , " 一位毁灭的父母说 , " 他们对我们来说很受欢迎 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展现出来自斯蒂奥的电影馆的动画学院的动画展览 , 并具有动画学习的手工展览 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰共同加入火焰的三分之一 , 从火的基础上分开火焰 , 火焰分离出来 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	晚上 , 悄悄地进西方 , 翻译地球底部或地球上有多少阴影在边缘的想象中 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她把她的银子放在她右边的平台上 , 马头的第一站就是从危险中逃出来 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 转换滚动表可以产生比较完美的结构 , 因为第二次加密的发生 , 由于转换滚动表可以产生相对完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx在目前数据源记录和数据源记录中的数据成员之间移动数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	协调氮供应和氮要求的平衡 , 使水稻产量稳定、高 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 每个邮件和一个新女孩带领子的蜜蜂 , 然后看 , 看看看巢穴几乎没有蜂蜜的数量 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开营 , 就要重建一条路或一条吹吹风桥 , 等待他回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	证明 , 采用多样性热处理方法是实现相关转子忘记位置的一种新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷和吸引性颜色可以更新药品包 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自从那时 , 父亲在6月第三日在第三个星期日被他们家庭认识到 , 父亲已被认可 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么我们很多人把自己放在一天前面 , 用微波饮料 , 因为它很方便吗 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是用简单的包装结构平台文本 , 许多通道可以交换json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	驾驶员和强烈的紧急车辆 , 不能阻止他们的邮件 , 死亡了他们停止给援助和援助 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	kevinrud在昨晚与澳大利亚投票人一起做了一张电影 , 为了让他们进步 , 忘记了一个新的未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	文章研究了蝴蝶烯的反应机制及反应产品利用情况 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看起来很紧密 , 我们的野花就像我们在花园里培养的任何东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这本著名的绘画是澳大利亚发现的千上万的 , 在2008年被发现在澳大利亚文档岩石艺术中 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生命时间短...永远享受生命 , 享受美好的事情 , 包括这个小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	为了有效地支付一汤红葡萄酒 , 红葡萄酒 , 官方网站付款汤 , 酒 , 用效果有效吗 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 沙兴鸭年龄和饮食cp水平显著影响了cpretatio比 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	这个新集合在城镇周围的城市里的许多文件夹 , 但也有实际的事情 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音频、光、音乐和技术展览会每年举行 , 从六月到六月举行 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 可降低膜厚度的dp水平 , 在膜生长过程中增加膜厚度 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与对照组相比 , 对照组相比 , 动脉动脉和动脉动脉动脉的最大程度显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	总结了vsam文件的结构、数据空间、数据空间、目录、保护数据和功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法采用358例稳定视网膜病人治疗10 ~ 308名nm外科激光患者 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	相关的建议在最后一部分引起了2nd生成农民工的平滑进展 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些喜欢的机构服务 , 享受短距离、低成本和管理的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡储层区岩石的物理和机械性能的影响进行了评估 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署的机器部署在最小磁盘或ram要求的时候 , 那么它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法将患者分为不同组 , 然后所有的肾色多普勒能量成像检查 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃在没有情绪到连续的笑容中 , 总是带着刘启的性景的醉酒 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 在怀孕期间 , 除了有效的抗抑郁剂药物 , 在妊娠期间 , 包含60%或多种风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果在动物研究中 , 肺动物可以抑制静脉癌、胰腺癌、胰腺癌和胰腺癌的生长 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当有建筑时 , 它们通常是泥泞或阿多比的结构 , 没有生存雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转折点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示了不受控制的移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	同时 , 提出了一种基于cpld的控制器 , 为两个模板积极夹住的dclinkter提供了一种基于cpld的控制器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一个犯罪抱怨莫罗西亚在她的时候 , 她的银行员工的时候 , 莫罗西亚的实质资金 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他民事服务员应当正常参与在每年不到12天的停车训练 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化剂活性炭脱硫装置 , 用于净化污水泵站净化气体 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonams地理数据库可用于创造性共同的许可下载免费的电荷 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯托也被称为 " 金买 " 的历史 , 与其开始和其意义相关的传说有几种不同的传说 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种用于低电压仪器的低电压装置的粒子扫描优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这并不听起来 , " 最后 , 汽车告诉我我我 , 我遭受了ptsd的压力障碍 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺庙里 , 他发现 , 男子卖猫 , 羊羊和狗 , 其他人坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	vbelt等效系数表明 , vbelt的承载能力比平面带的承载能力高 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子们通常在同一晚上都有夜误差 , 通常有时候在第一次睡眠后 , 一般有时候在第一个小时里 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算每一生命年的增加成本 , 为各种可行的个人和高rik个人计算了每年的增加成本 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可以使用gui基于容器的管理工具 , 以修改包装器的具体环境 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	毒品是一种保养的药物 , 药物的指标是消除药物和逮捕咳嗽的 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo顾问过程外包服务提供了部分或整体化的各种服务 , 以便在招聘期间对客户提供各种服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去的五十年或一百年 , 传统的民族主义是文学知识分子的常见现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	采用催化剂 , 合成了蝴蝶醛和葡萄糖 , 用碘作为催化剂 , 合成了葡萄糖 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文研究了接口自动化、时间接口自动化、资源接口、游戏基于游戏的思想 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	如9/1恐怖分子攻击的悲剧事件 , 也往往被发现在孩子们的记忆中 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 明星半学习的启动是多维学术和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏人物将在实现教学对象和教学任务中发挥重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这将是由自由民主党引入的多年改革 , 重新重建日本长期经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	世界上先进的液态氮卡车应用于石油生产中 , 获得了良好的效果 , 1994年进口效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	当然 , 我的陌生添加特征是那些喜欢婴儿的衣服 , 收集死亡的事物 , 以及在布莱克的宝宝里的宝宝宝 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯沃尔顿说 , 该mbation计划显示 , 成员们在开发可持续的食品生产中占领先的作用 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	路透再次拯救埃瓦桑 , 通过围绕医生们的边缘形式 , 然后从洞穴墙下降 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在 , 让我们还检索我们的网格工作的部分 , 是我们自己的 , 只有能量 , 重新回收洞里的孔隙 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	为了有人曾经在烹饪和苏达 , 路到整个粒子 , 偶尔的蔬菜生活开始 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgfgfga晶体生长过程中多晶体的接口效应及其发生 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留他们的电话号码 , 包括区域代码 , 当他们从国家移动时 , 所以很难知道他们是什么地方 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法选用11例扩展阶段 , 选择对照研究 , 为血液动态监测 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本论文的目标是在本地区建立的研究模式 , 尽管本论文的研究模式仍然不足 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	商业首先 , 高兴后 , 王理查德说 , 当他站在塔旁边的其他王时 , 他吸烟了婴儿 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	由于其特殊的proser , 由于其特殊的p , 采用了多孔硅和其制备工艺 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来如果安全设备在这次活动中就不能保护他们在利物浦这个晚上失败的危害 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像来自墨西哥 , 美国宇航员发现的任务 , 导致了最近的星球的第一个轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我前老师告诉我 , 作为一名英语主题 , 我应该读大巴拉 , 一个由g.b.haw的主要演员之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘的作品显示 , 《圣诞》的顾客jeromsanns说 , 刘的作品显示了一个现代化的中国人在后面留下的现实 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三个宝宝宝 , 他在天堂里拿回他的路 , 当他在珍珠的门外 , 他决定检查自己的元素 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸颊、唇、胸、腿、腿部 , 感觉他们的伴侣在背部 , ighs , 或者胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	通过区域气候反应 , 研究了中国地区气候模型的土地利用和土地覆盖变化 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	通过选择性蛋白发挥生物功能 , 其中选择性蛋白p是一种具有10种细胞因子的特殊形式 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , chci3和ccl4浓度比来源水源水的含量更高 , 尤其是为ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	另外 , 应该有几个大爆炸场景 , 可以提供动作和破坏时刻 , 所以它可能是有趣的和幻想的 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在达到山顶 , 将落下来 , 公共汽车正面临着一个无法接近的障碍 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想要到我的雇员 , " 玛丽·埃利亚解释道 , 希拉伯的超级人 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍相关或非相关设施 , 如标题位置、观察器位置、摄像机位置等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	它被科学通信者广泛应用于世界范围内开发战略 , 涉及科学进步的决策 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦克带领了72%的人们报道说 , 他们正在冲动 , 而美国在12月12日开始 , 美国的59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨了这些考虑 , 并讨论了空气或冷却系统如何帮助您优化您的mig或tg焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	它们之间存在一些不同 , 文本理论与文本理论相结合 , 但文本理论相结合 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖励在1963年开始视觉效应分类 , 虽然它被称为 " 特殊效应 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入海洋卫星 " 马克 " 马克·马科兹在搜索最终武器的野生骑行中搜索 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸 , 看起来似乎他等着电话 , 把我放在地址上 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	交易重损伤9秒以上的目标 , 大幅降低了他们的摩擦 , 只有从侧或后面使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的马来利亚控制部门 , 与国际研究团队进行工作 , 监测该干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部署 , 自我管理 , 自我健康能力减少人干预的需要 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pdport已经提交了计划在英国零售商使用102亿美元进口中心的计划 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 潮湿 , 无点 , 寒冷的王子 , 蓝神经capier , 舞蹈大三角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地失望法使农民更容易购买的土地 , 从巨大的公共领域来购买不良的土地 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在答案中 , 您可以设置一个定义的数 , 并选择以后的电话应该自动答案的环数 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	大约2000名员工在全球800多个地方提供技术 , 系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	下次 , 你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能把它从物理生命之前来到哪里 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析师说 , 中国 , 在短期以来 , 愿将其工业融合到公司 , 与布鲁伯格 , 时间战争 , 时间战争和越南 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果一个rac节点停止工作 , oracle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到oraclelelelelecleleleleleleleleleleleleleclepleleleleleleleleleleleplelelement并恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在通知主义过去 , 一位开发国家倾向被视为缺乏访问现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdgpet延迟图像在腹部恶性内镜诊断中的应用价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	分析了夏季马洛dor污染现状的特点 , 并提出相应的管理措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:通过对称色谱法测定复杂的方法 , 采用合成的磷酸和柏林水解法测定复合物 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	四川人民国会由于犯罪的嫌疑疑 , 李云阳被依靠职责作为四川人民国会的代表 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	此次的话 , 早期的政治建议 , 从政治建议上调用政府来放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	因此 , 白领的原因是他们追求职业成就的工作应力是因为他们在职业中获得工作成就的原因 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 所有这个地震发生了 , 我想 , 是卡马 ? 当你不错的事情发生在你 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当被调用时 , 这个集体知识使软件模式和分类为反方式 , 使得软件模式有价值扩展 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文总结了近年来磁聚合物的成就和应用情况 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象和尘埃相似的钻石指向热蓝星 , 是他们的破坏效应的智能标志 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但很老的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf的保护机制 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.ox地址 , 那么接收者必须包含在标签上 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要做最终决定的一种研究 , 为了使我们真正需要继续反复治疗的最后决策 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论怎样的原因 , 我倾向认为他作为一个低文件 " 内部 " 的 " 事件 " , 但他的出版历史相信这张图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉前方平等的目标是国家体育团队的目标 , 这个时候 , 他对英格兰攻击了 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿的父母是老儿回来非常合理的 , 让一个最老的儿子帮助安排工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能源中心位于人神经系统的主要分支 , 是从脊髓的顶部到头部 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	当决定某个特定的业务运动发言人时 , 您必须信任您的stininstininstininstin 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	一个新连接网站的初始版本 , 临床和翻译科学网络将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破坏是影响密集材料的湿化变形的重要因素 , 并且研究的必要性 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了3d扫描仪的工作原理 , 以及atos光学扫描仪的系统校准 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织已向格兰贾斯卡罗尔农场发送检查 , 调查结果不被宣布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签署签名权有个人权利的属性 , 包括状态权和个人权利 , 财产权利和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文是其物理、化学、生物性能和免疫化学检测方法的研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	一般宏观上描述了武器作为 " 太平洋胜利 " 最强的贡献因素之一 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	然而 , 这个团队结论 , 这些原子被破坏后被破坏的冲击造成的时候 , 被破坏的冲击造成了破坏 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	同样一定要被灰色的死亡 , 不要把双重的 , 不要给许多葡萄酒 , 不要给你多的葡萄酒 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva179混合物的两种大小混合物 , 分析了解决系统的稳定性 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	中心汁为多效蒸发器提供了集中汁 , 除了第二部分水形成集中 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	在1974年夏天 , 福建省古代苏州湾的古河流被挖掘 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	要说 , 旅行是奢侈品 , 不必要的 , 石油燃料产生是一个简化的 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是在垂直位置.149.9 , 但我认为我不确定的测量可能是1毫米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	分析了农业研究机构内部会计控制的现状 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃在日常环境中显示化学插件 , 不要反应生活的事情 , 所以它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	第一步通过我们实现了广氨酰胺的总合成 , 全部产量超过14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果大学注册 , 还是在学生和注册中扮演的角色 , 或者她可能会扮演两个学生和注册的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	第四次试验结果表明 , 该方法在高成像精度下 , 该方法的迁移结果显示 , 该方法在高成像精度上 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将保证农业产品的供应 , 并通过多渠道增加农民收入 , 增加农民收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解细菌培养、细菌类型及药敏度 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	分析了整体结构的主要因素 , 简化 , 可视化 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其他基本油或合成化剂混合时 , 某些基本油的同步主义 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏的元素 , 可以提高重新启用 , 使它更容易遵循您 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	这个例子给出了图形上 , 信心水平和不确定的高斯统一的高斯v 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	在滚动带厚度下 , 天然矿床上的管变形特征是在肩部和墙厚度的变形 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 没有民营部门历史的历史 , 还不包括在历史的官方历史上 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	二十世纪是印度社会 , 印度安全是我们国家安全战略的一部分 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨粉颗粒大小的影响 , 研究了钨粉的粒子尺寸和陶瓷量对密度和粒子尺寸的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种静脉癌药物耐药率相似 , 药物耐药率为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了稳定技术、目标特征及检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频彩色多普勒超声在肺动脉内的影响成像 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三个规则在数值控制复杂的数控复杂组成了处理程序和仿真过程 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨两维离子室阵列在日常质量保证中可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育生态学是教育环境中的一个研究模式或方法 , 适用于教育环境的范式 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已成为一个普遍的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们不愿意与一个生命的性别传播疾病或有人用贫困的礼物 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	通过基于p波粒子振动的协调旋转 , 实现了不同深度的源组件的源组件 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热传感器是数量的 , 通常是灵活的 , 而不要从电源工作 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 张子 " 是张州的战争时期 , 是张州的作品之一 , 这是道教的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他的化合物或处理浓度没有明确的吸引力或反复对女性成年的活动 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	很显然 , 这个科学家称为摄影公司 , 订购了 " 缺陷 " 电影的替换 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来的10天 , 我将在chq上做过时间 , 因为客户订单大量的订单 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他将要求国会去巴基斯坦的援助增加援助 , 但在他期望巴基斯坦能够获得安全的安全 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期使用mmmmmms , 我也许从来没有另外一个冷却、布隆蒂斯、流感或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	也许 , 当他们攻击老年的时候 , 可能会有一些类似的背景 , 但至少他们会有大部分的生活来评估这些信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse允许您自动生成hah代码和等于您班级的方法 , 这样你不需要做它 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	架构师确定用例可以通过存在的应用程序或服务实现 , 并且需要建立或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们不应该认识到 , 在我们的语言精神上升 , 我们的语言精神上升 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	由于微流的运行过程比长期运行过程更好 , 使用一个微流来实现您的代理过程实现 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 这个阶段不会把其熟悉的角色作为一个严格适应的奥运耳朵的组成部分 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月1日电--------2009年12月11日 , 金正日检查新建的康吉农场 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	新研究显示 , 红色猴子将是最受温暖的叶子变化的最严重威胁的物质之一 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	在游戏中 , 激励参与 , 在某些事情中选择 , 玩得完全享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应问你的日期 , 如果他们有好的时间 , 你不应该问你在面试结束结束的时候做什么 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	在2008年 , 美国零售主要的沃尔玛已经从2008年出现了 , 美国和世界各地的深层冻结者都会很少 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者指出 , 随机化 , 安慰剂控制试验需要确定该观察的发现 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你不知道比我所做的统一 , 因为我阅读了同样的书 , 听到同样的故事 , 我从来没有看到过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p玩家几乎所有这些银行都做的事情 , 产品 , 评估浏览者 , 下面和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售房子的情况下 , 销售房子的计划需要线性运动从建筑的一端到另一个设备移动到人们的设备 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	茶在唐代 , 由于中国西南地区传播 , 数千年 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室的一天 , 你可能会在你新平台电视前面打破房子和崩溃 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	在印度 , 印度 , 8.6%的女孩年龄在15岁至19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在尼泊尔 , 这个数字高达10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事检查凯特的生命作为摄影师和访问者 , 以及成为党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都可以让你笑 , 很多人都可以哭泣 , 但它会让你看到眼睛里有些特别的笑容 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海军和狗处理器迈克尔·迈克·米克在采访中 , " 只要狗是用手机 , 他就爱生活了 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	同时 , 他在迪士尼 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑色短裤弗兰克威尼 , 大约是一名男孩 , 他收到了死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一位专家认为 , 多年来 , 美国已经在技术上投资了 , 以使汽车更加自动化 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	人们担心失去工作的人们 , 让他们从饮用减少 , 减少了风险的危险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	在中部zlitan中心的一个大型混凝土建筑中 , 这个人说: " 他们在我们的运动上都有一个密切的观点 。 "
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	如果u需要发布一个单个ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttf , 就会使用 , u喜欢做一个
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	然而 , 当它来学生的比例时 , 他们的跑步下来时 , 新华在22分钟和23分钟 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	提出了一种快速和准确的预测方法 , 给出了最小实验和成本的自我寿命的新方法 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	另外 , 检查你的手机或pda , 您从来不会错过你在你的口袋里或追求的时候 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏珊纳说 , 今年1月 " 基亚克 " 是全球第五大源 。
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们想要4000个朋友 , 只是希腊的账户 , 谁主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	这些人相信 , 透明度有继承价值 , 或者它应该是规范的 , 最初可以与此方法有很大的困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	在输入数据中 , 可以使用这个技术 , 当您需要分开输入阵列时 , 将输入数据分为两个或更小的阵列 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼斯工业平均增长178.08点 , 或1.53% , 11 , 836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	它是一个步骤 , 从大型模型来看 , 至少需要一些产品要求的想法 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	高质量蒸汽面包 , 加入了大豆胡子的饮食纤维的合适量或饮食纤维 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	农业部长jebaptiste杜马斯 , 法国农业部长 , 由于停止流行 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李斯科特 , 沃尔玛的老板 , 世界上最大的零售商 , 据说 , 看看到自己的供应链的大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	而以色列仍然继续在加沙准备的地面部队 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	旅游者走到海滩 , 他们去拉米岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫巴拉 , 他们坐着喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	西弗是一名急救者 , 繁殖一个爱心 , 保护自信和生产许多年轻的小组可以做好好好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是原因的惩罚 , 没有疑问 , 但一个人必须认识原因的惩罚 , 然后把他拿下来 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更加令人惊讶的是在冷轧过后 , 品质改善 , 作为新客户 , 品质改善 , 品质改善 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	使用图片 , 随着蜘蛛空间望远镜拍摄 , 科学家首先从密集星和星系中删除光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设置自己的目标 , 她将学会在她自己中获得骄傲 , 并且依赖于其他人的批准或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥运会岛屿是沙滩和海洋的重要性 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这种鸟类的其他名字是柏勒斯帝国鸽子 , celebes绿色的帝国鸽子和绿色帝国鸽子 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持清洁 , 清洁 , 伪装印度 , 但对于特定客户有益 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	经济理论的主要一部分 , 包括股市流动或国家产品的大规模现象 , 如股市流动等大规模现象 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活给自己从活动中产生了一个破坏 , 这种活动就像你那么好的放松工具一样 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	在最后我们看到过的时候 , 我们失去了动力能量的情况下 , 整个弹性碰撞的情况下 , 我们就失去了动力能量 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	同时 , 吉普斯可能是在绿色带购买的一块土地 , 没有知识行政系统的知识 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们称为 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它基于拉丁 , 古罗马帝国语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果是允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 以及在12.9美元下的民主零售的文件显示 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们不想被摄影的品牌 , 是那些秘密的注意力的假设 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于防止多频测试技术的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这个字段在设计罐头上创建了一个匹配实验室 , 自动绑定到节点中节点的字段 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	血清、肌肉和肝胰腺炎的活动仍然保持稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	但他是一名勇敢的战士 , 当他玫瑰把他最后的阿迪乌的时候 , 他的嘴里正在设置 , 他的肩膀被挤了 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔吉um发送了四只f16英尺和150名军事人员来帮助利比亚没有飞行区 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红鸟在他们的场景上被视为黑鸟 。 农民们在他们的地方 , 准备另一个季节 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	这个国家不能确定这样的活动 , 虽然不会受到整个流行的影响 , 尽管它周期尝试 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	时尚世界热情的一品牌是微观的 , 其中它的服装和鞋子的设计方式在巴塞罗那 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但几天后 , 专家推动一些类似的事情 , 只有我一次尝试了一个记忆 , 使我失去并且很急 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 近年来 , 文本的研究一直是一个为了利用努力支出的样本 , 因为我们希望它将成为其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	本论文关注了两个方面:在e2中被关闭的一组有必要和足够的条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在这部电影里 , 他总是穿着面包的肌肉 , 人们的衣服 , 经常用蜡烛走得很有趣 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国毫无疑问在坦克林的反叛 , 坐在一百万越南之间 , 在世界战争iii之后 , 法国无法把反叛扔回来 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	因此 , 可以获得两个平行连接器 , 每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 然后再返回 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准大规模服装变成像莱弗斯先生那样的男人 , 最后的比例可以出现错误 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年各样的路径变化 , 游客和风扇通过山 , 小镇 , 以及巴黎街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	qg:你在景观设计和城市设计中一直在实践 , 15年的城市设计 , 你曾经在你的职业生涯中有什么破坏 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	来自雅拉山谷的一位优雅的charnay , 具有良好的柑橘 , 尼卡琳和新鲜的杏仁香味 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子们站在他打开嘴里 , 荣誉了一分钟 , 然后聚集了: " 你没有收到电子邮件吗 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南部说 , 三个飞机在凤凰喷射中裂纹相似 , 再次将再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话解决是这样的有效的基础工具 , 大多数社会运动机构使用一个或两个 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师长期知道 , 设计更小 , 轻型车辆是满足重量的经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听听说 , 参议员是25分之前 , 但他希望我们保持这样的跑步 , 就像我们背后的路一样 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里亚补充道: " 你知道他的脸 , 甚至在太阳 , 他的脸也没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过详细的数学破坏 , 通过详细的数学破坏 , 阐述了水平动态的耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明她和她的丈夫在自己的事情中占据了一个足够的状态 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	高度禁止非操作者或非修理人应该进入模具软件的安全保护铁路 , 以避免分散 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 在一些发展的国家和日本等发展中 , 在某些发展的国家 , 加工纤维的发展和应用已相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本研究在烟草类型上建立的烟草指标模型的准确性为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用合金xan对血糖的血糖的影响 , 观察血糖对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	另外 , 通过对实践教育模式的实践 , 阐述了学习内容和功能结构的影响 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	详细阐述了基于地质化变量和变量的基础 , 阐述了基于地质化的技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤接触 , 克罗顿油产生盲目和疼痛的皮肤灌溉 , 最后三周才能接触 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了一种双代码运行系统的稳定性和活动功率分布的离时间滑动模式控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	尽管更多的情况是由特定的报告系统报告系统报告的 , 但在延迟报告情况下 , 需要完善...
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	超过500个救援机构正在海地运营 , 海地的天空充满了飞机发动供应 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	聚合物光纤作为一种理想传输介质 , 在短暂的传播网络中 , 聚合光纤具有良好的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国与新世界联系了几个例子 , 实际上发现了一个新的土地 , 在半球南部的一部分地区 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	联合国是最近崛起的飞机建设的一种新型的飞机构材料 , 它是其弹性的低模块 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 它是 " 进口工具设置不提供 " 排放 " 和环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的前一年 , 大卫们被认为是这样的 , 而且他们在吉利达的杰里发现了他们可能会在吉利亚德的爵士 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实际需求相比 , 双边商务合作享受巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验的预测 , 允许吸收、集成和精神化经验的负程 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	驾驶鱼 , 驾驶快速 , 壳壳 , 海核 , 壳壳壳 , 驾驶海蛇 , 藻和其他人 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	采用前面的燃烧方法 , 讨论了燃烧对蒙古内蒙古人口的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷酸肥料在这样的国家使用时 , 产量增加 , 但在农民和环境中 , 农民的成本高 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 通过加入水溶解 , 利用传统的方法 , 比较氨基氯化物的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	唯一 , 建立了桥梁纤维动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的断裂动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督教离婚在上海开展了一个多媒体照片展览 , 展示了它的手袋的晚餐线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	在2002年 , 约旦国王阿卜杜拉i的战略使jordan一个区域信息丈夫 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定要让自己更加恶意 , 因为一个人喜欢这个人不会被困难的问题 , 而且可以很乐观 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是simmel艺术思想的一个重要类别 , 也是美学修订的表达 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	正如你喜欢长哈尔 , 确保你避免摩擦 , 疼痛 , 并且不适合使用卢贝的工作 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会玩一个小门 , 唱歌歌歌来提高春天的来音 , 这个人将给每个家庭的图片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 船长蝴蝶 , 你不应该把我那么紧密 , 如果你做的话 , 我就会是恶魔 ! 另一次舞蹈和我的声誉都会失去永远 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的中国历史中 , 黄帝的最后者正确骄傲了最出色的孔子 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的颜色 , 大小将适合于寺庙或城市广场 , 是一个年轻的 , 青春 , 青春 , 青青春 , 青蛙 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千个岛屿地区景观指标的结果反映了植物群落的状况 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更多有机肥料不仅能提高土壤混合结构和基本特征 , 而且对水土耦合的影响也很好 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这种独特的是 , 很容易上升公式的叶子 , 柔软 , 顺利 , 轻轻的折射 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	帕德里托试图画他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的亲戚 , 所有他都觉得自己在外面 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	提出了一种基于涡轮机的三维逆转设计方法 , 根据泵流参数和革命的流动参数 , 提出了一种基于涡轮机的双向反向反向设计方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	现在 , 它包含了一个高端波特克斯 , 可能是bean先生的笑话 , 这些反方式的交易者正在倾向 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新火车开始运行时 , 只有一半小时 , 只要吃午饭 , 就要吃一点点点 。
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	溃疡化学技术建立在创新和我们成功的关键 , 继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , msc文化与正常的假设片表达的bdnf , 在任何时候 , mdnf在文化的时候 , mscs文化中表达了bdnf 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	其中所有的碎片都是沙拉 , 塔加拉 , 蓝色的莲子和玉米-虚拟的碎片是最甜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家外国投资公司 , 属于多个国家的钢集团 , 是澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernate密码文档 , 该属性非常昂贵 , 应该在生产环境下转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	更新攻击了罗马的叛逆集团 , 成为当前的诺贝和民事发送的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:探讨钛铸件表面反应层的组成、微硬度和微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	代理工具性能和兼容性数据的容量 , 使我们的数据超过了我们的英国桌面设备工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:总结了3501指标之间的文献评价 , 35指标为总结 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多种尺寸或替代面部设计可以提供更多的选择 , 以获得良好的适合和密封的独立选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本 , 城市员工的数字在城市员工中发现 , 城市员工没有工作 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne并不存在在现代英国 , 英国南海岸有一个小城镇 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同时 , 刺激经济 , 政府应该回到美国的利益贷款 , 这是为了房子、汽车、大型市场项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	当数据库访问的时候 , geronimo将正确错误 , 但是在数据库访问时 , 再生成错误 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝克林斯 , 打护士 , 声明: " 在多利特利的暴雨之前 , 美国人知道没有什么事情 , 却不会失败 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	通过对copcobweb网络算法进行分析 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了根长、根系状态、茎高、茎基底径、茎基底径、上下面的生物量 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	周六 , 一封信信信相信 , 大多数事件在网上被网上发布 , 叫做他亲戚的释放 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟药物如zyban、可用的描述 , 帮助许多人不获得重量 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	鉴定了24个犹太国家的24个犹太国家的10个发生组总数的12个基本研究 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发以确定土地供应大小 , 以提高土地保护行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后利用燃烧热的方法 , 给出了不同晶体变化的热稳定性 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生顾问团队建设医生是医学生培训质量的重要内容 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	针对多输入多输入多输入多输入单元系统的功率平衡方法 , 分析了贝尔性能 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术提供了一种低级消息结构 , 它保持集群同步化的节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常被感染者的大气传播到沙利瓦咳嗽或被感染的大气中 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列表了要求和选择晶态算法包括包括的内容 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金山警告明江不会破坏郑州和嘉惠 , 或者他会分裂明华真正的身份 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他看起来很有意识地寻找所有在她的意识中 , 所以在她最危险的伤口上冲突 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动建模技术是研究交通流动力学问题的一种简单有效的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用他们的驾驶员许可证 , 同样在下面的信息显示 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非自适应的大脑的过程包括橡胶、鸡麦和巴勒伊制备的工艺 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化学工业有限公司是一家成功的例子 , 政府和商人合作于特殊有限公司 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波导导致的封闭液化是黄河流域潜艇物理学组成的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	介绍了脉冲连续控制系统的神经元自适应pd控制器的算法和学习规律 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	土耳其世纪的地球文档家教导他们的学生如何传播特定的情绪或消息 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	房间温度测量的导电性必须正确地正确 , 如果他们在深度使用1000毫米以上的岩石 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	采用陶瓷化合铜管在管内 , 具有良好的服务效果 , 减少管坯生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他运行 , 没有人笑... " 燕敏时刻转变了正常的风格形式的面部声明 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	某些强烈的种子在第一四个叶子和抽烟之后 , 第二次采取耳朵出生 , 耳朵的出生是花费的 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	介绍了一种新型电缆的开发方案 , 阐述了在线监控系统在高压传输线的电压边的电压监控系统的问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	本公司的零售空间在caiwui , 卢华区将于短期发布 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	12月15日 , 我到达了一个与国会的奥尼巴斯预算协议 , 最后 , 我八年的立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它与相关的耦合结构相关 , 比如代码可重用性 , 还限制了测试努力 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在她右手里打开一张网球 , 60年代的衰退已经被镜子转换了一个内在的处理 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如前赛季 , 在中场和攻击中场之间 , 看起来似乎没有真正的联系 , 还有一个新的队列塔正在闪光 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约翰对上帝的帮助 , 他知道 , 以色列人必须在他们的新家园生活过很多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在由卡罗伦·埃弗隆领导 , 他取代了全球销售迈克菲的长期vp 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 我们给出了这个模型的例子 , 分析了一种用武装断裂的价格的影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	星球和星球形成的尘埃云和气体 , 可见光不能渗透 , 但红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但是如果桑德曼先生所说的那样 , 一个印象的文档过程只有控制的出现 , 所以只有减轻风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生命经常被视为一个公平的和她传奇的婚姻 , 她的传奇结婚是这个概念的哈尔·迪吉奥 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调用数学图书馆和混合编程 , 给出了6800深陷6800深层的数值结果 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 艾滋病 " 四自由和一项关键 " 政策在天津全国艾滋病实施低价国家援助 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 , 不要干净 , 抱怨 , 它给人们关于生命的负面印象 , 使人们认为你是 " 贪婪 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	要做一个你总是想做的事情 , 但不能因为你正在提高你的孩子 , 也许它是写作或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的alall垃圾俱乐部预计在接下来2年签署迪戈·马达纳作为其教练的正式宣布 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题是困难的 , 因为两个测试采取者可以结束不同的范围或两个不同的知识水平 , 可以结束相同的范围 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	当我们听到一个巨大的暴风雨时 , 大多数人在我们的头脑上听到了一位戴维尔摄影师的工作 , 就像他能接近的那样 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将在8月31日完成这个客人 , 我知道这是因为我不会失去1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 这个游戏失去了流行性 , 大多由于樱桃的增长 , 由于我在394年被皇帝的奥运会废除 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	龙形象的分析可以使人们感到兴趣 , 因为龙是中国传统文化的相关图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	它是年龄的战斗 , 好的版本 , 恶魔 , 浪漫性 , 手工版本 , 没有那么处理 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适合于自传输器的地方 , 通过平衡和卡尔尼亚盾的地区 , 找到了相似的地方 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	阳光亮亮 , 所以卡伦和古老的老人沿着玉米的脚路走去了 , 这里是不起的责任 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料和磨损外 , 外 , 还要把车辆装到我家的时间旅行到我的家里 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在那里 , 脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施是不存在的 , 战争警察的成本 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他在两分钟的间隔里听说 , 他用战斗机头装载的卡车 , 和摩押壳的云听到了两分钟 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次看到alcino在电影中 , 我第一次在我生活中第一次 , 我认为我想成为另一个人 , " 他回忆道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由太平洋裂缝盆地组成的大型超级盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有许多生物学功能 , 特别是对病理条件的保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	在线上 , 学生可以表达自己的感觉和意见更自由 , 甚至可以帮助外语学习 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使不来战争 , 台湾成年仍然是更好的中美关系的障碍 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室设置工作 , 我不确定如何去学习礼貌 , 如何适当地讲话等 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	其次 , 通过建立数学模型 , 利用比较分析方法 , 证明wrh的学术可行性 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主机逃离 , 学校也注意训练 " 蜘蛛 " 和 " 视频标准类似代理 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过mcgs组成的一个mcgs , 通过远程监控网络来监测卫星传输器的工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加里卡·费斯先生 , 他希望看到银行家 , 他认为 , 国家税收和购买的问题负责 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32岁 , 他没有把自己的儿子给他 , 但给我们一切都是怎么样的 , 和他一起 , 给我们所有的事情吗 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	在实际情况下 , 西部银行已经从东部耶路撒冷分离 , 仍然是最受欢迎的巴勒斯坦城 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	然后抓住我第二个软件raid文章 , 我们将看看一些更先进的软件raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天一声音会在他的头上听起来 , 他的心里的声音会响应答答答答 , 而他在无限任务上劳动 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前石油勘探已从构造储藏到岩石和地层储藏的基础上 , 引起石油勘探 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	例如 , 在肾脏上 , 肾脏被称为肾脏病 , 肾脏病可能被动态降低 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了北京外 , 这种变化并没有成功 , 但它在路透的谷歌和加利福尼亚培养 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫拿着哲学家的头 , 把它带到耶路撒冷 , 他把哲学的武器放在自己的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	算法满足了新字符nc成形技术的需要 , 使得字符keleton生成工具路径 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售是没有中心的 , 那么信任者在自身上取得了不足的 , 它就绑定了信任者 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	尽管数据同步发送同步发送 , 但在网络传输过程中 , 协议提供了依赖消息 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件良好时 , 土壤含量较低时 , 发展过程延长 , 生存率减少 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	船舶的生理状况是船舶的荷载生理压力的状态 , 以及体外零应力状态的状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	随着葡萄酒 , 埃及混合着香港 , 笑着 , 人群正忙于用手抽着 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	对于国家补贴的内容是切割和隐私增加 , 更多的工作往往会导致那些没有付费的工作 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 金萧突然问一下 , 吨子冷却 , 但要求几个照片 。 "
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	清晰的决定看他最好的时候 , 很好的转变了哺乳动物 , 仔细地检查他剩余的脏病 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画在自我表达中发现的各种不同的绘画性能和性能方面的印象 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发布在线信息和叶片 , 旨在说服妊娠妇女有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	foaf信息的法律责任是否在他们在哪些操作的操作下进行数据保护法律 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在这里传播了银行 , 吃饭 , 很快吃了我们的晚餐 , 就开始喝黑 , 风也开始了 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数对岩石坡稳定性进行了分析 , 用常规的冲击表面处理单面滑坡稳定性 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	奥克福教育馆在古佛教仪式的古佛教仪式上被瑞典 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个项目还介绍了偶尔突变和随机性 , 在离开机会上 , 其中一个可能产生事故的机会 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌的鼻子:把它输入锅水 , 直到硬核 , 然后用肉皮或蛋搅拌搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	目标是文件的最后访问时间 , 每次访问文件 , 必须记录本次的文件系统 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	同时 , 高温区逐渐降低 , 直到火力和水失变化的变化 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这类无权化的电脑侵袭明显反对法律 , 反对大鼠的战斗是一个挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股票的比例越来越多 , 融资界面越少 , 现金流量对投资的影响越小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	" 我建议我们在美国和俄罗斯共同的威胁和挑战下进行一份合作评论 。 " 他说 。
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	经过水解乳胺加入介质后 , 分离种子减少 , 但污染率总是很高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解使这些快速烹饪汤 , 肉类 , 如此激发了肉类的味道 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	建议的菜肴包括哈基亚风格的豆腐 , 蒸发鸡蛋 , 虾肉和虾肉 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	通过实验测定了激光诱导血浆中微波反射的频率下移和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	rubish收藏者正在跟随过程后面采取离散的瓶子后面的处理 , 今天正在制造一个巨大的财富 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受自从成功的祝贺 , 我希望信报告更加成功 , 快速 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 在北京 , 大约150名警察沿着中海领导化合物的道路上 , 昨晚在北京 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影中记忆的场景之一 , 叫戈里拉 , 基于真正的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备广泛用于食品加工厂 , 食品仓库等 。 单位来错误 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	成立于1540年 , campeche经常被17世纪的bucuccaneser攻击 , 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	技术实施和应用已积累了我国建设油气存储的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来 , 对江苏大学教育评价机制的特点进行了分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这个狗的另一个名字是中国的猪 , 荷兰堡 , 荷兰堡 , 荷兰大夫 , 米尼·马斯蒂夫和它的国家是中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种新型的单核和双螺旋磁场传感器 , 制备了基于cobon的一种新型单核和双赢磁场传感器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是可怕的 , 而且很难找到工作的困难 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了有限跨流式空调条件及其控制方法 , 提出了现有问题的改进思想 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是在高中学的研究对象 , 通过研究成果者的理论问题研究 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨 " 运输过程中弹簧功能 " 的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者购买有机增长食物 , 因为他们相信产品是健康、味道和更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	在此基础上 , 采用实验方法研究了fpso的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德瓦尔说 , 全球数据损失现在代表了40亿美元的损失 , 每年都影响了企业和个人 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	随着葡萄酒 , 埃及混合着香港 , 笑着的笑着 , 人群正忙于用手抽着 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	不同协会的不同人口结构反映了群落成功的过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	正如在日志上出现的 , gename方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用程序生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含一个程序的实际数据发送到另一个程序 , 其内容和结构由使用它的应用程序定义 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东部地区和nka控制的pw%很好 , 保持年内目标 , 也可以达到100%的ytdgs目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要是心灵和身体 , 如果心脏可以进入细胞内 , 就可以把细胞内部的膜渗透到细胞内的膜 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	通过对比sat和cft的比较 , 测定了710个牛奶羊群的bruceososis在西班牙伊丽莎应用中的应用 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	阐述了墨水在东方绘画中的作用 , 在此工作中得到了新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	如果你相信他们 , 看看看 , 你们是四月的愚蠢的愚蠢 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她抱怨或不断地把自己放在三角关系的索引下 , 并不能看到她在过程中所造成的痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷苷酸对磷脂复合物的主要活性是促进细胞吸附作用 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用理论和理论的主题 , 需要高科技和很多工作经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和愤怒很小 , 但在特别是 , 我希望我能代替自我效率 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年 , 弱势经济承诺了一些一些家庭可能不能为大学付费 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	警察打开了他们的巡逻汽车的信任 , 把看起来像一个玩具模式飞机和一个视频摄像机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	西洛蒙注意到 , 她用 " 幽默 " 作为一种吸烟屏幕 " , 是一种吸烟屏幕 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	这个错误在听到这里 , 他冲出来 , 在仆人的仆人 , " 谁给我承诺为我提供承诺吗 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 艾莉·林达和安妮承诺 , 如果必要的话 , 要把我带到巴伦 , 我不能错过这个 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性感很不同 , 因为你似乎说 , 那么 , 就有什么必要的事情 ? " 问年轻人问道 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我明白了她怎么笑 , 英语拼写的路径 , 但对于我们的悲剧抱怨 , 我们正在考试 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿正在阅读或观察 , 讨论她 , 鼓励她谈论和她谈论的问题 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	随着文件的工作 , 作为国家文件规定和上海规定 , 分类、排名和鉴定文档 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	通常 , 偶尔超级 , 丹尼必须在长期内学习患者之前 , 才能成为病人 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	十个人坐在飞机座位上 , 飞机在风中 , 很快就在空中 , 尽管飞机在空中飞行 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期以来 , 中国重点注意力主要是小叶茶 , 忽略了大叶子 , 茶叶输出和出口日益减少 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在长久的夜晚里 , 很多人喜欢他们的梦想 , 即使安静睡眠时刻 , 但不能做到 , 就算是印尼亚 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	" 所有这些都导致了很多脆弱 , " 谢克·曼佐说 , 印度乌尔多新闻机构编辑说 。
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	在生物化学、生物学、药物学、药物学或相关科学的生物化学、生物学、生物学、药物学或相关科学 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法是一种小损伤 , 血清 , 是甲状腺切除术期间的安全和处理方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们还可以在世界广泛的网络上留下 , 这是国际通信网络的媒体组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于双边信息和单边信息的传输线非传输保护的实现情况 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他生活了一个简单的和脆弱的生活 , 他对钱和幸运 , 他总是失去了晚餐 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 旧金山政府董事会的董事会通过当地的法律禁止儿童化学品中使用化学法 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗阴是晚唐 , 不允许忽视作家 , 其诗歌明显的区域是宋代传统的 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西在星期一被提醒我们的根源 , 当苏格兰的时候 , 俱乐部的创始人付了我们的钱 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但看 , 这只是正确的 , 与整个体系的护理家庭医生们一起失去了我们 , 因为他们不能处理他 。
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的评价二氯纳盐在营地区b测试领域的旋转控制效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年 , 风越来越大 , 今年第一次 , 在风中吹起来 , 听到了恶魔的武器 , 干掉了一只人群落 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	胡格希承诺继续建立 " 羞涩的连接 " , 这带来和平和自由的人们 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	对于中国来说 , 国民革命在战争中 , 中国的帝国主义行为不再是不错的 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我睡了14个小时 , 我想我很累 , 晚上一定是时间 , 我一定饿了 ! 我很饿了 。
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一个领导国家主席和总统阿司匹 , 克莱的政治直觉使他赢得了 " 大批批评者 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	巫师:我知道你想做什么 , 你是个沉默的女孩 , 然而 , 我亲爱的 , 我能帮助你这样的梦想能真正 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 在ldoce3中 , 最常见的词语中 , 治疗发言和写作例子的处理明显不平衡 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我从流动的时候 , 我总是试图在报纸上读到中国字符 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然价格最糟糕的是 , 家庭价值在2010年的时候 , 但房价上涨可能会显示小的收益 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果说法证明有效的话 , 美国表达可以在虚拟营销活动中启动 , 以创建 " buzz " 的 " buzz " 活动 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	伦敦梅西是 " 与耶稣玩一只刀 " , 但不要做错误的选择 , 迪戈·马达纳说 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您想改变sammba服务器的名称 , 比服务器的unix名称 , 使用网络名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新ipodnano , 开始于149美元 , 来到一个fm接收器和pometeter , 除了建立视频摄像机 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	可是瑞典报纸建议 , 当他们经过耶和华运行的时候 , 鸟儿们正在停下盐 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何生理差异 , 研究人员从每个群体中分别从某些个人来研究脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语语首先写在罗萨克松进入语言中 , 在第五世纪使用的英语语 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共同的义务 , 以确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案件和交付时间的规定 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	游客中心和博物馆提供了关于古代普通文化的信息 , 以及今天印度的传统文化的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈到一半的一般地区 , 它的无力参议员在大量的、多媒体的估计上都是无力的 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	在cpb中心静脉和周围动脉中 , 总mk和类型4mk水平均显著升高 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 这是一个非常特别的乐趣 , 让我公开表达我的深刻的承诺和欣赏 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有帮助的步骤包括帮助其他人 , 使用幽默 , 学习 , 以及实践问题解决和时间管理 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项计划误导了标志 , 因为它不可能导致更高的能源成本 , 为商业和消费者提供更高的能源成本 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	查看<wascehome>/var/目录/server.xml用于目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	尝试下一次 , 你需要把你的车盖开你的左鼻子 , 然后用你的拇指和呼吸 , 只有一分钟的右鼻子 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	事故教他们两个教训 , 他们说 , 无论如何安全船 , 最多的人类错误可能会因为它而引起 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	上个月前的报告是 , 第二季度增长比较鲨鱼修复预测 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要出现在未来和公司应当发挥代理和集成商价值的作用 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据媒体传说 , 由耶稣在最后的供应商使用的一个杯或板板 , 后来成为许多物体 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我给他们送出了一个长的购物名单 , 设置时间器 , 把手机放到十分钟 , 拖下彩色上楼 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 在阿哈 , 愿家庭在今年 , 我们可以健康生活的幸福 , 不错 , 都是对的 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾利夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以开关短时间 , 使它失望 。 "
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法的唯一特色之一是俄罗斯生态集团在实现俄罗斯生态法的重要角色之一 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	数据统计分析采用频率、可靠性、可靠性、差异理论 , 分析了15.0和excel2003 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	歌手晚餐正在继续一个美国超市的任务 , 在一份报告中称她是怀孕的2000万美元 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他不会移动 , 直到他已经准备了 , 麦克莱恩的计划是把他的军队放在波马克河上 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	对于电力分布 , 给出了一种特定的a/d转换器 , 实现了电力和性能优良的贸易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 可以通过音乐类教学的实践 , 与音乐类教学结合 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更加热 , 而在两个金色上有线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些游泳者正在考虑到现代的安全 , 所以与您的健康事业提供者谈论了多少非营养的游泳者在怀孕期间接受 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:通过非肿瘤合作 , 可严格防止静脉肿瘤传播和当地种子 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种双维伺服四色模式识别的方案 , 以及其边界处理技术 , 为什么 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hmm的基于hmmm的同时解码和更新参数的联合源码解码方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个活动员在北菲尔d过程中使用的co2删除过程中 , 并对其进行了评价 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	因此 , " 巴迪拉 " 计划在夏天被关注 , 许多有效的蒸汽和产量不明显相关于解决规范 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三国 " 在刘北的浪漫 , 原来卖草沙沙 , 但后来组织了更新条件 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	董事电子有限公司是以色列买家的外国买家 , 需要购买产品等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	在传统的方法学中 , 我们已经完成了客户缺乏专注于传统的焦点----------------------------------------------------
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当两件事都完成时 , 阿拉恩看见 , 到了她的惊讶 , 她已经被吃了 , 因为上帝的设计是不错的 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	由海洋、湖泊和河流一直有不同的土壤含量 , 导致不同的土壤强度 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部门要求省级卫生部门建立 , 提高孕妇和儿童艾滋病防治系统阻止和控制系统阻止 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业人员:美国和中国鼠标和卫生损伤预防和控制协会成员 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 湖南 " 和 " 南京黄 " 的父母在克里桑的小花生育中具有潜在的父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售商只卖了一对鞋子的一对鞋子 , 这些鞋子也许会有很好的笑容 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成就是以下:1 ) 自我nof脉冲模块为老灰色控制的自我创造模块 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	为建设完成技术文档的技术文档 , 构建完成的技术文档提供了补充、修改和必要删除 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	" 唯一与国际党联合国联合国人民党法律师阿加斯·纳加马说: " 唯一的权力是奥扎瓦 。 "
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是 , 30小时的数据 , 需要搜索一个弹簧参数的搜索 , 以及天空位置 , 却没有设置在石头 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	无法了解一系列的后果 , 温室效应可能带来 , 但所谓的利益很少 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	二十世纪 , 考虑了系统功能语言学和心理学 , 作为语言学理论的两大影响 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	拉尼星期六在上海的中国国际商学院举行的奢侈品商品会议上发表会上 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道自己的虚拟已经从他身上走出来了 , 把他转换在压力中 , 说 , 谁触摸我的衣服呢 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴利拉·梅斯科现在正在美国人举行的美国人 , " 会谈马萨说 , 一个退休的巴基斯坦通常转向分析师 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	获得营养者的一个原则不能制作张东食物 , 普鲁斯 , 拉斯和其他值得这项任务的事情 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里格说: " 我们只需要强调那些饮料和驱动的人们真正会造成很多家庭的心脏 , 我们需要停止这么多 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马对记者说 , 奥巴马先生说 , 他将把新能源驱动到外交和其他非军事方面 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的激励是关注战略石油储备的作用 , 增加勘探输入和多种化石油冲击 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它是由外部侵袭、转移到宫颈淋巴结节点或远端组织和神经病学异常转移的特征 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	弗拉尼亚是理解巴勒多样性变化之前的关键时间 , 在德国弗朗尼亚大众扩大事件之前 , 弗拉尼亚是一个关键的时间间隔 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了教师互动的概念 , 以及教师与学生之间的互动特点 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别事件通常是癌症 , 错误 , 病毒感染 , 炎症 , 自身免疫病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	加菲尔德 , c.ed.ed.1990年 , 城市生态学和crororogoordo镇论坛 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我开始在 " 浦东 " 机场之后 , 我们会见这次旅行的领导人 , 我们用所有的陪伴人照片 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是0和100之间的一个值 , 其中100指数显示了一个轻载的服务器 , 而0是一个重载服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	比较了恢复对cv的影响 , 通过直接计算各代的稳定性值 , 预测陶瓷合金的能力值 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单个观点单一 , 单一观察单个结构的优点 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	由于混沌动力学系统的陌生吸引器的陌生动力学系统的陌生动态系统 , 自然紧连接 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	另外 , 它还需要更长的跟踪评估 , 是否可调节化疗法可以采取术后放射疗法的位置 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	铸造和冠金...伍德和赫米·鲁什 , 一个 " 鸟类 " 的类型 , " 比 " 海里松租赁的任何项目都要多 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司有进口贸易权 , 可为国内外和相应的产品提供全面的船舶自动系统和信息系统 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	这个问题在于中央政府的传播部门的争论中看到了同样的问题 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将会被称为uletetetide , 以及一个特别的东西将在火燃烧的燃烧周围 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文是在一系列中 , 将采取更新视网络2.0 , 如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人迷们的欢迎 , 他的两次冠军在周末与三个失败的三个星期的三个失败 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	或者至少 , 根据大多数美国人和英国人在一个新的调查中称之为 " 语言申请宝贝 " 的新调查 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会尝试通过这种预言和使用xenophobia或海军论文来说 , 每个国家都应该举行相同的标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果8 , 000自动测试案件生成600个故障 , 您真正能处理这个 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作者很难宣称 , 权威的分享 , 但他们会有良好的任务 , 不会与其他男性的工作相互干扰 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远的时候 , 社会平等的声音在社会现实中引起的时候 , 系统的能力和应该藏在平等方面 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	决定人士还指出 , 中国已经在莫尔特的最大的市场 , 而且在每年的大陆上 , 大陆的冠军市场正在增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国最好的天空飞行员为摄影机 , 大多数年轻人笑着 , 笑着笑着 , 他们的眼睛跳舞 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	随着大型公司规定了屋顶和国际竞争的时候 , 国际竞争已经变得越来越多 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	随着世界银行和新闻机构的变化 , 自从那时 , 随后世界银行和新闻机构不会通过消费者的经济预测来消费 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	随着分裂 , 用户在标签显示空间内有许多用户开始的事件 , 例如当用户单击或两个单击时 , 例如当用户单击或两个单击 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于廉价的中国商品更适合于大型零售商来处理 , 他们倾向于在他们的推广下定价项目 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	因此 , 进入官方站点 , 因此 , 通过接受和票单独控制的钢件事件 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	传染剂在感染人群的存储中 , 通过污染的食物或水的污染物来传播到不受感染的人 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	杰:我们还没有看到任何其他平台 , 但我们确定有更多平台、应用程序和站点都可以在同样的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度改革和证券市场的稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	它是一个新的社会化观点 , 核心正在寻求共同的地面 , 而储备的差异 , 和平的共同存在 , 代码开发 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学的特点在于演绎主题的选择或在艺术结构的形成中 , 具有交流的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文针对检查员和流动图的基础 , 提出了风险识别特征 , 建立了检查员和流动图的风险识别技术 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	位置连接面板的密封应采用无锈钢 , 无锈钢 , 钢筋 , 钢筋 , 钢筋混凝土面板 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计的教学中 , 给出了线性回归的参数估计方法 , 给出了线性回归的参数 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物收入太多的死亡 , 这些文化被隐蔽 , 它们不认为后果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中国和外国佛教的活动有限于点和线 , 缺乏大规模传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水的表面是健康的 , 它来自于第一个地方和下一个地方 , 空气的表面是不健康的 , 它来自于缝纫 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波器提供了基于服务器的服务 , 所以您可以报告spam , 所以其他用户可以从您所识别的电子邮件时获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿着音乐 , 因为我喜欢运动 , 但我很难为我感到自信 , 因为我只有5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除了葡萄牙的葡萄牙 , 互联网并不受欢迎的猎物地 , 除了一半被调查的男人和女人选择找到网上 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译指标在空间、空间、位置和性能方面的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	风格和洗涤 , 用拉斯伯里和巧克力的红色 , 完成了um和spring , 无法努力 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧 , 看起来很慢的进步 , 记得上帝从来没有在一次忙碌 , 但他总是在时间里 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于我们来说 , 大多数人来说 , 尤其是那些希望我们和他们回到的人们 , 我们需要 " 公认 " 程序 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	自从信徒丑闻以来 , 贝卢斯科也被关掉与科技人参加他的党的同时 , 同时 , 贝卢斯科也被判断了 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅有苏菲见证了全流的仪式 , 而她自己的祖父却是优雅的...大师的祖先 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	虽然酒店战略是聪明的 , 约翰逊愿意把它作为旧版本 , 但这里有两个酒店方法有两个问题 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	不要从互联网游戏中提到 , 甚至我最困难的朋友 , 他们正在抱怨并且正在试图登录他们的msn 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	针对钢铁焊接、气压焊接、铝焊接焊接和铝焊接的火焰正常化处理提出了火焰正常化处理方法 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他可以完成脚前 , 另一个人完成了 , 另一个人从他身上抓住了jar , 说: " 谁看到了一只脚 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	在决定的哲学成果中 , 它在计划、理论、重组和制备方面做到了最好的区域 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们结束在一个不断的花费和债务的周期 , 工作更多 , 更多的工作 , 结束了与货物的空间 , 但意义和幸福的空间 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , webspherherhere每个代码访问提供了一个解决方案 , 可以通过访问的portlet访问来提供一个解决方案 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语版本 , 可以引入一份报告指标 , 并由逻辑和语义标准组成 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白人看着8 , 000人回到1970年代 , 所有的iq测量在5岁和十岁时期的时候 , 都有8万名记录 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了获得成功的希望 , 旧pc认识它需要从目标模式中获得 , 特征xo机的制造 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	在编辑视图之前 , 你必须将视图绑定到这个控制之前 , 双击视图控制来选择一个存在的视图或创建一个新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已被广泛应用于长距离通信中 , 但它的高系统成本大限制了它的应用程序 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在内存的对象缓存中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过在整个集群中分享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在一个线路拓扑中 , 一个部门是一个连续的电路 , 通常与重复器连接到其他部门 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	马利夫影子的一位高级妹之一 , 已经证实了她在保护伊利丹之前的比赛 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	当奥巴马在2008年成为总统的候选人时 , 他承诺 " 采取 " 芝加纳贸易和货币问题 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着渗透频率的增加 , 光谱区域的数量和变化将不同的分散方式不同 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你选择你的仪器 , 或者打开你的嘴巴 , 都是在好习惯上建立的所有建筑 , 和你的嘴巴交流 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标直接行动是生物学的基本特征 , 也是识别实体是否活动是否重要标准 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 他们在奥林匹克之前回到哪里 , " 沃伊斯特克说 , " 当然这将对商业计划产生影响 。 "
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安质量和技术监督局为了进一步促进食物的英国名字 , 为了进一步促进食物 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国委员会的全球运动来提高气候变化和能源挑战面临世界城市的能源挑战 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	谷歌的技术要求从商人中想到的一点网络 , 但看起来简单和安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	该钢框架在短方向下应用 , 纵向加载稳定了建筑的建筑方向 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	展览在东方的历史展览区 , 主要是对中国铁路的荣耀进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这件信息的重要性在于您的健康状况下 , 请立即使用这种烹饪方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	但在河流种子生长行业的工业化管理过程中 , 有一定的问题需要迅速解决 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	分析了影响圆柱头、阀门和阀门内燃烧机内燃烧发动机的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被告知 , 如果它压缩了电脑 , 所有的实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	性能损失主要是由cutof插件引起的 , 旋转方向推进器和插件开放基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于美国而言 , 美国人来说 , 美国对民主的 " 民主 " 战略增加了 " 出口民主 " 战略 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周 , 美国的天主希望只有上周宣布他们最终会对死刑反对严重 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	莉莉莉安·拉弗里斯:直接一部电影是一个过度的工作 , 我们都知道它 , 你必须说的 , 还是你做什么呢 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本论文的对象是研究了几种复杂的变量的形态函数和形态映射的独特性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血液动态稳定的静脉灌溉水平可保守糖尿病的观察和鉴别 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	khakitotebag和金属成功的剪切袋 , 因为你想要你的访问 , 就像你一样是电子 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphereapplicationserver社区版本的插件 , 不要看到您的服务器列表了吗 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种有机盐的催化活性 , 与isoamyl醇的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的探讨血液的治疗效果 , 通过调查肾脏、增强脾气和生成血液的方法 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了基于普通的差异方程的多体系统动态动力学的设计敏感性分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	在多线程技术实现了一个洞穴的扫描器 , 其扫描速度很快 , 洞穴很容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体过度性质的性质 , 使观众进入voyur的位置 , 只能揭示自己作为一个正确的对象 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	针对等价理论的观点 , 翻译品牌名称应实现一个完美的语言学u 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流是稳定的 , 如果它不被重新定向文件或一个管道 , 那么选择的页面就会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探讨了环境偏差、纵向和中壁缺陷的配置 , 以及厚度验证和辅助监测 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有奥运会 , gm的承诺建立一个小型的汽车 , 在北美北部的汽车会缺乏争议 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	应用于zibo市废水处理厂 , 处理了80%的工业废水 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同意红肉菜 , 蓝鱼和更硬的奶酪 , 特别是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这个综合资源包括一个国际支持者 , 那些在领域领导的学术和实践者的贡献者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他喝着深渊的蒸汽 , 学会把自己的精神从家里流出来的房子里 , 学会把自己的精神混合在房子里 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 国家核政策的回顾是自2001年以来第三次冷战结束以来的第一次 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	参与这个竞选的个人并不仅是科学上未完成的 , 而且显示无趣的变得更好的信息 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自我开发的光油改造催化剂在氢气生产中得到了良好的效果 , 完全在家里完成了进口人 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人都在这里加入我 , 希望你两个 , 塞俄罗和科基鲁 , 最好的生活必须在你的婚姻中提供你 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几个客户机上 , 并且可以模拟数千个虚拟用户的虚拟用户 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	在化学行业、冶金和食品行业中 , 广泛应用于化学工业、冶金和食品行业 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们已经认识到这个趋势 , 我们可以重新利用我们的资源来刺激我们的关键路径活动 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在一定的意识状态中 , 和平思想的生活 , 充满力量 , 以及信仰和精神的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的分析临床特点 , 评价全球神经网膜病变的诊断标准及手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数情况都在明显的区域组装分布中 , 北部城镇占78.51%的总体病例占78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	家庭老板庆祝它与他们的业务、农业和商业活动相关 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续的产品升级 , 多纤维混合理念的实现 , 棉花企业增长纤维来创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体来说 , 53%的法国人相信sarkozy先生是 " 一个好的总统 " , 与5月份的41%相比 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源房屋表示 , 今年将供应30毫吨的煤炭到中国公司 , 在2014年的一年里 , 大约有3亿美元的价格从2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和提示部分对如何改变你的行为、学习新技能和变化个性特性的建议提供了很大的建议 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	基于数据结构的数据结构 , 重新将数据处理为您传递到cin中 , 这个函数不设置参数字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	亚马逊web服务 , 在其巨大的数据中心租赁能力的计算能力 , 还获得了一个很便宜的信誉 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	这个版本显然提供了比自由版本和frostwire的更具特征 , 说是limewire的自由版本 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kdcup9数据集 , 实现了cdcup9数据集 , 给出了该方法的最佳性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯坦是耶稣爱耶稣的人之一 , 生活在他身上 , 突然死亡了数百万的问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	这足以让我们感觉很好 , 经过外包工作和扭转后 , 婚姻机构现在正在保持我们的爱生活 , 日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	去年 , 金融时间收购了金融媒体 , 一个在线的新闻经理 , 负责订阅费 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	早些时候 , 您可能开始等待早些时候 , 或者计划一个新的博物馆展览 , 您已经希望捕捉 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	乔克拉恩先生 , 你真的想结婚詹妮弗 ? 克莱恩人回答詹妮弗将是我们的泰国江集团的牺牲 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	比希望与华涛总统胡锦涛、温家宝等高级官员会晤 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	ym:当我年轻时 , 我看见了许多哈基姆奥拉吉奥拉吉玩耍 , 当然 , 当然迈克尔·杰丹 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是一种基于恐惧的思想形式后的叶子 , 集成了基于统一的统一性 , 与光的语言相关 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美食用水果和蔬菜作物经常不能达到超市 , 因为它们的大小或物理出现的超市 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	这个项目将利用电力购买技术 , 由模块、海洋购物组成 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课程的合作学习理论可以改变传统教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 在1980年被释放 , 特别是幸运的 " 猴子 " 年仅发生了60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是二维 , 那么你经常想要 " 不包 " 的内容 , 就像它迭代的那样 , 就可以做到这样的 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证面部的安全和迅速的支持 , 而且大部分减少面部的消除成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 在高卷医院完成的过程中 , 通过经验丰富的外科医生专业化 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场者和消费者的时候 , 市场者和消费者的营销工作都意识到发生什么 , 而且两者都满足了最终成果 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从互联网早期流行使用的时候 , 网络空间是网络空间的新闻 , 没有法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但这件事并没有满足两个圣诞的女人 , 马达·科尔丁 , 玛丽莎·德布斯 , 以及交易会主席查特维克 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是一名成员 , 制定了许多基本法律 , 行政法律和当地法律等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 全面讨论:我不会称为基于地方的社交网络服务的重用户 , 我没有权利 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovafb2的涂料抗原和fb2竞争抗原 , 研制了一种用于测定大麦芽素b2的冰箱 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以 , 学习你的第一个词 , " leker " [leka][leka] , 意味着 " 从食物到女孩的任何东西 " 好/美好 " 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他是欧洲迁徙的最佳项目 , 因为他获得了维萨dor和护理奖 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种过程具有较好的适用性 , 在高的阿尔加尔加德和良好的处理效率 , 低成本也具有良好的适用性 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌患者的四个病人在18fd综合性图像上发现 , 但显示正常血清标志 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软to触摸织物和强大的压缩机械设计和思想的细节 , 每天都要穿戴 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	然后 , 你需要跟随时间的正式服装代码 , 没有训练员 , 没有jans , 还有女士 , 穿着夹克和钛 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助您的工作前景 , 如果你需要一个或开发更多的业务 , 还有更好的费用 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	加入中国男教育者缺乏雄厚的论点:中国男孩在女性环境中开发 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法适用于几个简单的模式分子和苯胺和hiv1蛋白的包裹 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	五个经理还表示 , 在夜晚里 , 他们更有可能制造错误 , 006人揭露了1 , 006人 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么 , 医生告诉我今天早上 , 你的机会很快就会看到他说的机会是十个 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每个调用都得到自己的活动记录 , 所以每次都称为变量的存储空间 , 在活动记录中获得自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	6月13日 , 捐赠者推出了4亿美元的支持gvi的工作 , 超过任何人最野心的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人加利沃纳克用他的知识来创建成功的葡萄酒图书馆 , 一个日常视频博客 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周 , 一位名叫加里的男子 , 卡尔维先生的奶酪 , 来到了 , 然后把它放在内部的水里 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是 , 我们将需要使用科学系列星系列星系的技术 , 以帮助我们达到可持续的星球轨道 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	" 如果你有坏信用的信用卡比以前的信用更难得到信用卡 , " 奥迪西亚·帕迪罗说 , " 如果你有信用卡 , 但他们仍然可以用 。 "
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢在我的假设中深处的睾丸素受体 , 我喜欢用多巴胺 , 我喜欢把我的原始的脂肪大脑洪水 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	下次 , 您需要一个pojo并且在注释转换成一个ejb , 您可以给opepenejb团队提供一点感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因 , 一些常见的运动员包括环境、动物权利和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国的煤矿一定杀死了2万3万名工人 , 而煤炭吸烟了空气 , 其他地方杀死了许多 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	记忆的大多数研究主要是集中在内存中 , 当你可能期待的时候 , 记住的东西 , 如何准确和等等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如路由消失小说一样 , 我们也许试图把我们的关注转移到某人新闻和味道再次转移到浪漫爱的圣诞里 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 它通常设置alias , 它扩展到 " l " 的l' , 对于一个目录或文件列表的目录或列表 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战是在单个umbrella提供普通的访问下得到这个不规定的和统一的系统 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放已经接受了很多关注柴油发动机的排放标准 , 增加柴油发动机的排放标准 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在这种观点上 , 脂肪神经网络的观点显示 , 有些脂肪腺宏观形态在神经脂肪组织细胞之间 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤降解的主要类型是贫困营养、贫穷的微生物、坏结构、基础和重药物 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:分析56例手术中间血管内膜炎及脊椎间盘突出的临床意义 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	周六 , 美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿周六呼吁北方的协议和声明 " 深刻可拒绝 。 "
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店付了债务卡 , 那么你可以从账户的账户中获得额外收费 , 这通常被称为 " 现金包 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	pigeonscaatter作为一个男人在kathmandu附近的圣殿里走到家 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	然后 , 种子进入马丁晚期挑战 , 虽然罗斯里继续看到更危险的侧面 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中的配合线是一个3rd的聚合物 , 但任何类似的光滑会告诉你 , 有大量的上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一家公司希望在下滑利率下降 , 它就可以简单地拥有市场单元建立它的债券库存 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大型 " 是一个旧战略 " 角度 , 讨论成为福州哈尔出生的价值 , 很大程度和必要性 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	您承认 , 同意 , 你可以享受成员支付年费用的成员 , 同意你可以享受成员和相关设施费用的成员 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据行业分析师马什·科恩说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋实际上购买篮球 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国东大学气候政策专家mikehumme说 , 英国的社会效应也不可预测 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	孟江桥是上海地区最长、最高的石桥 , 拥有五个开放式 , 在上海地区 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行的程度外 , 定义的内容也是限制财政复制主义者一大处理ap 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	金融监管的新海外没有什么地址企业 , 尽管他们在通胀房屋泡沫中扮演了一个中心角色 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯苏利兹在上个月在安菲尔德的安菲尔德的11场比赛中 , 上个月在安菲尔德的安菲尔德 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	某些路径在公园里拿着我们 , 沿着四桥高高楼的地面 , 在洛杉矶河上滚动水 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	2004年9月 , 曼联人失踪欧元2004年9月的测试后 , 这个测试显然是一个在2003年9月的情形 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 采用改性剂作为改性剂 , 研究了硫化亚胺和阿司匹林进口表的不溶性的改进 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了moca/e比和数量填充物理性能和pu弹性的热空气时代的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明:src柱的轴向压缩比对src柱的轴向压缩比通常高于rc柱的有限值 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	为了组织一般的行政支持对反馈和缺陷产品和其他非法活动的战斗 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 双重水平和砂床河两个水平时 , 叶尔夫关系不能分解通道模式良好 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	例如 , 设计的普通设备 , 包括雪鞋和电脑或类型的键盘 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从目前的情况下 , 欧盟的发展可能是通过巴黎成功地破坏成功的 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	该方法采用马铃肝组织作为原料制备干燥的醋粉 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	采用透明的导电剂 , 生成了一层硅薄膜亚电池的顶层 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业都是关于特定市场或技术的热情 , 把销售帽子放在不自然来 , 这是好的 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接当地能源平衡的生产发展 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	知识和实践 , 关于女性怀孕妇女的碘缺乏障碍 , 房子 , 以及上海的小孩 。
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法采用ct扫描对74例患者的骨折变化进行了分析 , 研究其与预后相关性的变化 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	输入$/userinstallroot}\etc\etwsecurity\sampleender.jceks 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的评价整体骨扫描在诊断和手术后的应用价值 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	经过一次会议和一次奥运会议 , 10名成员方向投票 , 确保安全 , 他改变了整体工作 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	奥利拉说 , 微软并没有作为诺基亚的唯一选择 , 而且许多公司已经显示了与完成的手机制造商合作的兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家 , 是在中央栏外的星系周围的核环境 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了pinelliaternate的germplam评价方法 , 建立了提取物和总碱的评价方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国银行破产法官允许莱曼将现金投入两个银行 , 以避免监管者的敏感 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法观察两种不同浓度在小鼠血清试验和用醋酸写作的不同浓度的镇痛作用 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是完整文本的总结 , 语言的整体特征已经做了简单化了林庄 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	普西瓦尔斯基的马 , 一旦旋转蒙古的步伐 , 正是想在野生里变得太分散 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系模式的变化需要美国和韩国的转变 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长丈夫拆掉了 , 这些 " 就像有些谋杀的虫子一样 , 这些 " 就被短的马吞噬了 。 "
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑您的网上专辑作为每个乘客都可以在公共旅客上留下的家庭专辑的等价 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场如此激烈和公司 " 冲击 " 的长期日志 , 有一些指标来临的事情 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果你跟随下面 , 计划在这个点上采取一个破坏 , 请在您现在有两个工作 , 可以在您的文件系统中创建更大的文件 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们在非白人群体中看到更多的权威主义 , 我认为权威家庭的百分比在亚洲裔最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月球远远离地球 , 即使大树在山上生长 , 我们不能看到它们的最强大的远镜 , 还是发明的 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	阻止机场风格的客户和袋子在大城市的内部和巴格停车停车 , 因为它会带来普通生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	几天后 , 他们仍然与军队一起触摸 , 幸运地 , 他们杀死了一条鹿 , 很难依靠venison , 花了几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 为四大银行 , 好银行/坏银行交易应该经营 , 行业只会稳定四个工作 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时 , 我仍然想看到s710的钥匙板 , 所以当我看到了s710的时候 , 我知道它是完美的适合 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 就必须是上帝的一般知识 , 然而 , 这导致男人常想他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	与任何人类癌症、淋巴瘤、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间没有其他文档联系 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国最近公开支持伊朗和伊朗对伊朗的制裁 , 并对韩国的核活动造成了更少限制 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这个游戏开放了五千万美元的游戏 , 在一个不被称为 " 战争中东 " 的中东国家 , 交换10毫万美元的费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	在8月末 , 美联储充满了许多残疾的工作者的幻想:他在一个难以置信的时尚 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	根据价值链的方法 , 提出了基于周围和企业策略的分化优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	鉴于j2ee1.4岁的j2ee版本的j2ee1.4岁的j2ee版本需要不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利活动主义brigittebardot写到德国部长呼吁她不给予压力来超过奥巴嫩 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	巴勒肯尼亚全球比赛和塞维拉维拉维拉维拉维亚中场马萨卡都是在拉齐奥总统克莱迪奥·洛蒂托的购物名单 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在两级金融控制涉及在大学和学校实验室管理和长期发展中有矛盾 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	指出 , 该样本更有效地提取信息关注于希腊生物反馈系统的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科尔声称 , 穆里奥并没有对未来的球员来说明 , 更喜欢在处理赢得比赛中集中 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	系统实验研究和理论分析在金坦岩石盐的力学方面进行了系统的研究和理论分析 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例发生鼻腔感染 , 发生14.3% , 呼吸感染占48% , ur24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	除了德国的趋势外 , 年轻人实际上失业率下降 , 至10.3% , 两年期 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	从传统的观点来看 , 句子意义的意义是其真实的条件 , 因此分析意义的一种新观点是实现的 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论对大鼠肝炎大鼠血液治疗有一定的规律作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗马国务卿克罗斯指出 , " 虽然物理学家经常认识他们的病人会死亡 , 但他们从来没有告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然停下来 , 命令他被称为 " 盲人 " , 告诉他 , 是好舒服 , 他清理 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	波浪的大小表示 , led的质量比小芯片的质量更好 , 价格比异常大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国艾滋病传播模式对感染率传播率的传播有着重要的变化 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	事实上 , 美丽专家通过实际研究表明 , 婴儿油与糖的结合提供了一种最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他被指控陈氏电脑的图片 , 当时 , 陈氏电脑被修正在精英多媒体限制 , 零是雇员 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些 , 从林肯的演讲和写作的问题 , 都是在整个隐藏的城市上面的火焰手册 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多人在破坏宫殿的地方 , 他们保持了大多的原始地区文化 , 比如他们的方向和传统食物 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子来看 , 它可能会聚集到如何反射 , 总是寻求一些固定和永久的东西 , 尽管在本身上 , 并且将其传播为特定的 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔给婚礼带来了kay , 所以她会慢慢慢地慢慢地慢慢地慢慢地和她也许没有大量的震动 , 吸收父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	焊接金属和金属36z钢焊接的裂纹增长率可分别为35和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统很容易构建和简单的使用 , 比传统的msps没有增加收购时间更高的光谱解决方案 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的成果表明 , 重复性pv在前前前的pv患者的垂直水平同样有效 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	软银行合作是一个好的启动:公司拥有200万个订单 , 其用户基地已经在过去几年增长了 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不敢把自己称为改革开放和开放 , 但毕竟 , 我们是第一家普通人开餐馆 , " 郭说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	上赛季的最后46场比赛是左膝损伤 , 他平均在14.0分和8.2反弹 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了沿河斜坡的灵活性系统 , 详细地探讨了相关扩大土壤的性能及设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	采用性别吸收指标 , 指出性别吸收对性别吸收率的影响 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女人在英雄的母亲里有更多的建议 , " 一位联邦主义说 , " 比建立 , 阿马逊就像英雄一样 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	尽管如此忙碌 , 通过 " 水域标志 " 实际上 , 没有发现 , 今天 , 到图书馆 , 图书馆小时前 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了解决这些条件 , 我们必须根据我们国家的特定环境 , 重新签署公司的规定机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	吉母发现一张石桌子 , 许多字已经被打碎了 , 明显不想让其他人知道这个坟墓的更多信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队通信提供了一个蓝色的印刷 , 它不仅是会议业务目标 , 而且也是执行有效的工程 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路伯丁鉴定它使用 " chine红 " 的形状 , 但说任何混乱的影子会影响贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	因此 , 您可以去一些论坛 , 学习在常规颜色上的一些信息 , 论坛将涉及到网络平台更可靠 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	分配 。 您可能不会分配 , 代理或其他任意转换您的权利或义务 , 通过该协议操作或其他法律操作 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物主权在中国正在增加 , 藏族大学是那些想把他们的财富远离股票和房地产的时刻 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应当为所有提供 , 大学培训应该是我们普通国家的任何一部分课程或比赛 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点探讨了原始日常中心工作者自身身身份 , 并探讨社会结构背景的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 从1918年以来 , 观察者使用的东西 , 无论是真实的 , 叶肉是季节的 , 吸引完美的 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	米歇赞成阿富汗总部abduljabarbit是阿富汗政府最大的雇主之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他把汤姆的破坏影片放下来 , 她看见一只山羊的眼睛明亮 ; 矩形的小狗 , 晚上散发 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	根据加州镜像的分析 , 提出了解决新闻传媒影响的新视觉创造 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 经典装饰品 " 的质量产品 , 完美展览 " , 永永永永永永永永永永永永永永永永重新定义了每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行正在转向亚洲的中央银行 , 以保持高通胀 , 直到全球市场转向补贴 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个nps也显示了基因生成的交互 , 但它们的影响不大于男性或女性 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	尽管在第二年 , 俱乐部只是成功 , 部分由于能源和热情的协调员 , 苏珊机械 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	杰米8g.德鲁在法兰克福举行的辩论 , 希望在全球信用信用信贷交易后 , 投资者的信心可能会返回 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd中 , 数据被重新存储到某些组中 , 所有组都按计算机节点的请求进行多个限制 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	两个不同的法国和平沿着密切 , 一个小的两个人死亡的救援者 , 是杰克斯的海洋船员卡利普索 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	在城镇错误的旁边 , 不过仍然穿着新看起来很美丽的鞋子 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	现在投资者正要求银行像莱曼和华盛顿相互提高资本 , 或者卖他们的资产 , 并证明他们是解决的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在2000年在民主党议会上发表了一个民主党议会 , 他是党副总统诺曼 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	采用bp油喷涂在一次试验中污染的砂浆 , 该团队可以从二秒内分离水中分离出来 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	另外 , 基地可能是危险的条件 , 如沙桩和上升变形 , 因为在阿斯坦安静的土壤上卸载土壤 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生把一个项目发送给朋友的列表 , 有一个简单的文本消息 , 他每15分钟都有15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	把你的空间与您的窗户运动传感器和战斗在空间的飞机上 , 与您的阿森纳可升级武器更新战斗 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	本方法可以提供一种用于测定铝粉末含量的新方法 , 具有快速、简单、特定精度的方法 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	当它关闭在目标的时候 , ekv集成数据从xbrwith上传感器和锁定到敌人错误中 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利的头脑增加了成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 发明效益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	自从主人是电影制造商 , 他的客户是电影明星 , 歌手和庆祝晚上供应商会 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	jersey , 脉冲器 , 心脏器 , 腰衣和类似的文章 , 被杀或腐蚀 , 丝绸或丝绸废物 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	结合:原子与分子、离子、离子、金属和其他稳定物种有关的任何交互作用 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另一个是伦比松 , 风暴不仅能保护土地和农作物 , 从风中降低 , 还可以用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个背部 , 约翰flanagan和杰克·罗宾逊 , 昨天 , 反对了沃尔科特和萨米尔·纳斯里 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	以下因素如糖尿病、淋巴细胞、卵巢病变水平等因素 , 显示了一种独立的方法 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	审美追求已与各种新闻作品相连 , 作者编辑的过程也是审美追求过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西南地区南宁地区的六个县和城市 , 位于南宁区 , 位于广西省西南部 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	其特征是:严重的条件 , 快速变化 , 更容易误诊 , 困难的管理 , 更复杂 , 死亡率高 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 地区总理安德鲁斯在访问中国外交部长李赵兴的办公室见面 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹被委员会执行整体和平协议 , 并在自由和公平的南苏丹举行参议 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种交换车辆悬浮系统的悬浮系统 , 特别是一套悬浮式钢板 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使小山成为我们国家制造基地 , 我们需要做下面的:人 , 鉴别开发和创新高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	最近 , 改进荧光化学已经使得它可以使用更高的荧光化学浓度 , 没有引起医疗复杂 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	儿童哮喘家庭历史或个人历史的儿童越来越有可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及使用新型有限色谱介质的新方法 , 在净化和生产cobra神经xin中产生的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitel干涉增加了光栅测量范围 , 测量精度达到了纳米的水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省级劳动保证了大厅流行员张迪ou到现代 , 办公生长jouebai来做重要演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	将各种各样的历史上准确的武器 , 包括机枪 , 巴佐斯 , 斯尼珀骑兵和火焰人员 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文研究了一种含有多糖氧化物群的水溶性硫黑染料的染色及完成性能 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	给出了一种用于厚砖层的odic铝氧化铝膜的制备方法 , 属于材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	选择序列和并行执行之间的理想阈值是协调并行任务的成本 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区微观角色的微观特征没有明显差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面对问题是人们身体脾脏问题的反映 , 只有内部治疗可以有助于解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是最优势和临床价值的方法 , 用于诊断早期肾病变的损伤 , 具有巨大的市场需求 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	莱姆再次获得了 " 2004年最好的生产商 " 和 " 2006年的男性音乐家 " 的最佳男性音乐家 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	它们包括一个电子商务店前面应用程序 , 一个社区网站 , 一个portal站点 , 例如报告 , 以及项目时间包装应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度多文本增加了14至21个新节目 , 与150个附加节目相比 , 印度多文本平均增加了14到21个新节目 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	候选人和候选人 , 礼物 , 陶瓷品 , 叶子和糖果蜡烛 , 包装桌 , 蜡烛 , 蜡烛 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他打击鼓 , 演讲者 , 把他的错误 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 然后把它放到地板上 , 把它放到好的测量之后 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	莱维特说 , " 不要把你的老板带给你身份的情绪感 , 因为他是个人责任 , 因为他是个人责任的 。 "
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	阿蒂拉 , 胡锦涛王和西欧大部分的胡锦涛 , 死亡了一个死亡 , 没有人能预计到这样的战争 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	有一个视频共享能力 , 可以看到视频 " 的视频 " , 其他人 , 虽然你的交互有限于视频附近的混乱 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	它提高了xerosis的主观症状 , 临床xerosis的临床xeric敏感范围和dermosc光学表现 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	很快就把剪切 , 开始起来 , 当感觉逐渐与剪切压力板连接到一半时 , 它开始慢慢下来 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底层改革不能抵御 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免面对 , 这样它就像不可避免的平台 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	阿米斯花了电影拍摄的剩余部分来获得他的收入 , 让他的逃离 , 把他的小女儿从她的新福特父母中回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则分配的价值是应该在测试1中分配到机器的测试之一 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几周后 , 我们得到了一句话 , 克里人希望我在传统上讲话 , 尽管它还不清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果也可用于解决中国西北地区的同样盐问题和地球复制的相同盐问题 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	一种结晶化合物 , c6h12n3ps , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤的硫化物 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	阐述了热力学的基本原理和热量计量的类型 , 给出了一种热耦合计的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥是中东海岸 , 18公里东部 , 位于意大利边境附近的18公里 , 法国围绕在三边 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有一个文本正在改变这个世界 , 但把这些条约合同 , 这些条约约约约约约约约约约约束了qaida的招聘池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周下午 , 富爸停下来 , 我们听到车辆停下来 , 车辆停下了很多 , 当引擎转移时 , 车辆停下来时 , 我们听见车辆 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	这个增加电压主要是电力线频率和其对电压读取的影响 , 将依赖于正常模式拒绝能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南湾贸易有限公司是一家公司主要经营良好的葡萄酒 , 进口葡萄酒 , 香烟 , 名茶和烟草 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	试图在任何卧床面上做房间 , 反映了食物的镜头 , 为了获得 " 双胞胎 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当骆驼已经完成饮料时 , 这个人拿出了一条金鼻环 , 两个金色的手臂重量十公斤 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆的学校教师为例 , 探讨工作创新和影响因素的影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	在清单1中 , 原子变量类似似的同步计数器例如 , 类似性只是超级 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另一个危险是 , 个人和商业账户将被混合 , 因为他们和沙马克尔这样做的时候 , 他们现在正在支持他们的银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能导致一定的爱者使用很长的钓鱼绳来钓鱼 , 而且也可以减少或设置鱼钩 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 对于某些燃烧机械喷雾器的燃烧器 , 燃烧器的燃烧器也可以得到更稳定的燃烧器 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	结果模式定义和soap消息生成的soap消息是语言内部 , 遵循wsi基本文件 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建您最喜欢的收集 , 经常使用nippet , 确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们提供了一个小时的基础 , 以保持我们的用户信息 , 直到今天正在解决4pdt之前才能解决 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 它仍然是膝关节外科医生的挑战问题 , 以重建损伤或接受的nicus的功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些在政治权利拒绝纽约时间报告的任何东西 , 并非批评相信fox消息提供的任何东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管克拉普的爱情与中国 , 他的中国风扇相信他能制造美国人 , 甚至世界也是世界的伟大人 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	同样 , 中国政府计划由当地中国政府提高基础设备制造商这样的重型设备制造商 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当粮食被地面的时候 , 或叶子被烹饪 , 它们变得更易消化 , 使得更多的营养被身体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找一个机会 , 以保持他在一个大城市学校的艰苦游戏中接近他的团队 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上周 , 一些主要银行包括ubs减少了2012年的增长预测 , 大多数由于出口会面临的危险 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热荷载集中在传统时期间的讨论的外周周周围 , 可能导致一个形式的变形 , 离散性可能会引起 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依赖于系统中多元文档滤波器 , 它可能需要添加一个查询文档 , 如果请求文档是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大部分50 , 000个应用程序 , 已经编写的手机 , 使用基于androided表运行的操作系统应该运行 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 深入地分析了各种作者的工作 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室是用黄色自行车锁定的 , 可以在仓库里看到的石油价格玩具的箱子 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	考虑了物理信息融合的多线性和非线性特征 , 采用svm建立医学模型 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	1934年6月16日 , 伦敦 , 伦敦 , 英国人选手亨利·杰科布斯和威尔曼杯比赛后 , 美国人在英国举行了英国 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党 , 巴基斯坦人民党党说 , 一个联合国调查到她死亡的唯一方法是在事实上获得的唯一方法 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	随着企业和市场的干预方式 , 行业集群促进 , 将促进区域经济发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸还呼吁维多利亚 , 在任何决定之前 , 在任何决定结婚的决定之前 , 维多利亚也允许尝试与她的日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 尽管这些成功 , " 仍然关注高水平 , 以及后面的原因 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将有极大的增长 , " cinic在一份声明中说 , 与其报告的释放相比 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个哈勃的空间望远镜图像显示 , " 猫的眼睛nebla " 是 " 最复杂的 " 行星nebla " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料抽取系统 , 玻璃加强了热塑料组成 , 测试方法证明了混凝土联合的设计方法 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪士尼执行官说 , 如果他们在中国的努力成功 , 他们可能会在其他国家的英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	在我们世界上存在的许多美丽的地方 , 我们就失去了选择和唯一的办法 , 决定参观的地方是遵循我们的心灵 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非的居民 , 或其他城市地区的城市地区 , 可能是在丰富国家的外国人在同样的地方 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位guuguguithirr发言人被电影告诉他的朋友如何在他年轻的时候 , 他在沙特森森林的水中被捕获 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	限制数据表明 , ms0和tsr在1:0.93平均的关系中 , ms0的价值比tsr更大 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	这种灯光的性别游戏 , 现在已经得到了所有的黑暗和兴趣 , 更有创造力的男人 , 更有创造力 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqa和qam决定 , 如果附加行动需要 , 并实现这个行动 , 以确保计划审计作为规划审计 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	它还可以保护磁约约束保护 , 可能是由于二次负荷变化导致的二次负荷变化导致的二次负荷导致 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 在稳态铸造过程中 , 硫板的清洁度适应两种生产工艺相当于稳态铸造 ;
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可转换是一种可测量的、可验证的工作产品 , 如指定、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联合国军方承诺不要去战斗 , 在这项协议上 , 他们在巴罗伦发布 , 送回家 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	船长移动的波浪 , 开始在身体背部的后端 , 直到达到头部 , 推动它 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有灰色的摩西西斯科的故事描述屏幕 , 特别是黑暗和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可避免的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中将有益 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过对他们进行审查 , 诺佐先生可能有助于一次改革:更多透明度和会计性 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 , 我们有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特猪 , 丹尼·贝格兰普 , 詹姆斯 , 雷曼再次尝试 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们彼此激动了 , 斯托德德德德纳博士在汤普森的耳朵 , " 谢谢谢你们相信我 。 "
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	超级 , 压力 , 或者担心孩子经常开始睡眠 , 睡眠激发的后果很严重 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 他购买了印度的农业社区 , 它吸引了农民 , 阿蒂斯和知识分子 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过对提取和错误管理的结合 , 庆祝摄影师安妮·莱维茨发现自己在债务中获得了24毫万美元 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈文海先生需要一个统一的思想 , 以保证各种工作和成功的完整填充 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	近年来 , 发现在中国和西班牙的早期人类仍然存在在中国和西班牙 , 在非洲的理论上 , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他写了一个名为 " 一个寺庙里 " 的孩子 , 描述了他在庙里的生活和研究 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	《法律法》的一篇文章报道在一代审判过程中占据了一代法律整体的报道 , 并从当前的观点重新启用它 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但他决定把笔、磨削、继续写作 , 每一句话 , 他需要付普通人不能想象工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	" 进口税率在客户和个人邮政园 " 的个人幸运的个人幸运 , 是这个规定的一部分和范围 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 城市和某些私人开发人员开始尝试改变商业空间 , 改革商业空间 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主机家人知道时间/平洋/兴趣/对象 , 在前面 , 然后在旅行或停止时 , 就会得到同意 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	这样 , 在前苏联有许多平洋的建筑 , 在这里有公共厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	第二 , 有一些糖尿病患者可以从阿富汗获益 , 第三 , 阿富汗病人可能会继续保持药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	唐后承认了面对数据 , 让纸看起来更好 , 但说 , 一个同事使他想到细胞线是真正的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	它还保证您的应用程序背部与您的常用的特权运行 , 所以你不需要做到关键的文件 , 这是一个很大的 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	凤凰太阳首席执行官和总统rickwelt , 一个长期的nba执行官 , 告诉纽约时 , 他是同性恋的 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	联合国俱乐部的运行基金是通过参与者收集的金融资金 , 以及机构提供了地方和运动设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	它自然速度从腿部溃疡中恢复 , 简单地提高了雷德大学肝脏病学校的报告 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王的死亡意味着伊丽莎白iiiii成为世界上最长的活蒙 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四十四条订单者在建设企业合同工作的基础上 , 应当申请此类质量的规定 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	文章以大范围内精神血浆培养的培养为主 , 为螺旋素培养提供了成功的预测 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 闻名的香味 , 进入竹心的深度 , 优雅和精炼 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	文章分析了kelison催化剂催化剂的毒性原因 , 提出了防止催化剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	采用无完整的二极交叉试验 , 研究六个量子特征的遗传效应 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到所有的一面 , 然而 , 只有我在辩论中只有我的神 , 都没有看到fuuo的图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种良好的方法 , 包括一个瑞典分析 , 评估你的市场 , 开发你的组织身份或简单预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	游览到桂林村酒店 , 还在广江 , 你会看到三个别人看看看海鲜餐馆的右边 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一种自动化的机械装置 , 一种自动调节可移动 , 一种背流缓冲和升压阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文通过简单的方法 , 给出了两种方案 , 找到多变量函数的条件极端 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择147个私营企业作为样本 , 分析了21个因素分析 , 并得到7个共同因素的影响因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了ca初始化酵母和聚氨基醇类似酵母的行为 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	这样做 , 各种糟糕的后果 , 包括贫困性能 , 大量的系统背景 , 可管理 , 以及增加失败的奇迹 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种利用多类随机神经网络来实时语音质量评价的新方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待的过程中 , 9个城市必须在某一年的幸运的预测下 , 这是一个成功的球员和收入的损失 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血浆内皮素和血压变化的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 大卫和金正看着奥运会的辩论 , " 红楼的梦想和dprk的人从生活中走出来 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同的悬浮固定的强度 , 评价在切断韧带重建中合适的位置数 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	在设计拱管设计时 , 计算了装载状况 , 主要讨论了交叉项目中拱管的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁共振胆管切除术的磁共振诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为这大部分是由于男性皮肤的厚皮肤 , 隐藏出现的脂肪细胞的外观 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈论谁会从课程中获益 , 以及一个关于这个学期的详细的主题事件 , 我们会在课程中覆盖的课程中 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃部紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸迅速 ? 你的脉搏比赛吗 ? 你的手臂模拟吗 ? 这些感觉防止了从事执行过去的生活 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	在生产霍格胆固醇拉比达的生成过程中 , 实验结果表明 , 疫苗的暴力并没有达到它的标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	介绍了氯因子的活性氯原子 , 在氯化氯化氯化碳中 , 通过强有机酸含有活性氯化氢 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我公司产品非常好 , 产品销售在世界 , 比如:东亚 , 我们在世界 , 日本 , 韩国 , 拥有大量的成本 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是自然生态环境的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和破坏 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这个名字在解释他们的动机长承认了在城市西威利的犯罪事件的媒体报告 , 他是写平衡的报告 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了建筑和装饰的中硅密封剂的制造原理、性能、影响因素和使用因素 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五个卧室 , 一个现代的家庭超过1500万平方公里和完整的休息家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个自由和紧迫的问题 , 人们如何是中年人 , 而且他不想浪费时间 , 你知道他应该怎么做 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语学成为审美学的主题 , 对于内在吸引力、审美性和社会性来说 , 成为审美价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存行简单的实现是可扩展的 , 允许您把背景放在一系列记录中的记录中 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 当我们在本周的专业报告显示 , 德国最大的经济成就 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 告诉一个不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	向api调用了http请求的形式 , 以建立的服务门点url , 包括xml数据的详细信息 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持初级和二级学校 。 除了英语和马来文化的主题外 , 除了英语和马来文化的主题 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件 , xls传递表 , 或者动态web页面 , 实际上没有开启ide并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 性别吸收的影响在时间过程中增加 , 不同的民主性特征不明显 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育的核心是培训创造性抽象的学生 , 教师的指导和学生的参考 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾范佩斯的一个新合同是阿森纳温格的代表 , 但他不想成为一个月来的媒体观念 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个</p>儿子主持人威胁陈元 , 陈元最终不敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	当我计划到陌生人看时 , 我知道 , 我会很难利用摄像机建筑的基础救济照片来采取好的工作 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	在灌溉过程中 , 波里蒂和阿瑟拉克诺斯可能导致叶子和失去年轻的增长 , 通常是在地面或喷洒过程中 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普遍条件包括人类的质量和道德、科学在文化、劳动技能方面的质量 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟对此表示 , 中央已经进入了长期计划 , 面临广告的最关键问题是广泛的承认程度 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以重新返回我们作为不可交付或不可撤销的订单 , 客户将每个parcel每个停车费用 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	价格不应该接受或接受 , 除非移动已经做出了一定的阻塞和伤害的初步决定 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果紫外糖钾由红素、红素、黄素、黄素和甲烷组成 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	要了解不同类型的吸烟木材 , 为了使酒吧的砖材制造 , 了解更多关于bbqgills和火坑在这个自由烹饪视频 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳能替代剂 , 动物 , 地理长期 , 纬度 , 替代态度 , 云覆盖 , 气候透明度 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴格曾经表示 , 这个碗形将帮助观众集中在容器底部中心 , 集成人群和结构作为整体 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比关键西南部的玻璃海洋 , 在美国南部最南部的地方 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统巴拉克奥巴马正在选举大部分时间和公众出现 , 这些日子来改革国家健康保健体系 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	研究了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和酸的成分 , 测定了铁酸和泡的营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我阅读这个消息时 , 我是一个完全震惊的时候 , 然后我想回到他昨天晚上什么时候 , 他看起来像昨天那样有些样的表现 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为一个特色的城市 , 资源城市的资源城市 , 在建设整个行业和国家经济体系中得到了巨大的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了我国自我恢复过程的基本原理、过程流程、技术特点及工程实例 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果你使用了铁路行为的话 , 您知道 , 一个锁定用户将设置与会话内的用户关联的值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	迪恩斯坦解释的神经活动仍然在睡眠和典型大脑中 , 正常相关于某些模式 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一个可移除的观测塔 , 可以直接用来直接直接导致如何和岩石的火焰 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种设施 , 如污水处理厂 , 鼓励科学家工作 , 减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	虽然他们冒险地说 , 中国语音在网络上说话 , 但这里的公众观点已经准备了一些更具复杂的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	纽格兰建筑师 , 看着他的酒店窗户 , 在巴黎街道的国务院里 , 感觉自己的心灵与青年的混乱和愤怒 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	贝恩:是的 , 很多人住在那夜 , 我看到人们走在长城的街上 , 正在等着民族旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 谢敏也努力帮助赫隆 , 负责推动整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然适合的身体也可以用更小的或更重的胸部 , 但小的调整可以提供更平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	清楚地 , 不同的管理水平 , 无论是鞋底或海洋 , 需要变化知识和意识物品的知识水平 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	今年早些时候 , 政府允许萨里亚法律 , 因此 , 今年未能通过武装极端主义来抑制两年之后 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 他补充了英国电影的补充 , 虽然他们只提供了2d版本 , 但只有7个版本才显示了它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	根据大卫 , 苹果代表人说话 , 用电话给他告诉他 , 由于它的 " 政治魅力 " 的自然而受到拒绝 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	科学基础是建立一套科学综合体系 , 进一步运用后生教育的科学基础 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	也许最重要的是 , cd19l杀死甚至那些高度抵抗标准化疗药物和辐射物的白血细胞 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	该系统将使战争者使用手持电脑 , 以请求全面的有趣视频 , 例如敌人定位或主机领域 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问 , 最聪明的美国主义 , 甚至很难认识到英语的人 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	当交通政策结束时 , 组织保持周明阳 , 为了便利生活 , 她将回到东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男性的完美浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了穆迪尔性的美观 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期一早上 , 几个星期一早上 , 告诉自己 , 很有必要去教会 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	采用纤维素凝胶来支持大鼠心脏细胞 , 在纤维突破细胞之前 , 将纤维突破为组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了建筑节能和点的窗口是目前低玻璃的最佳环境之一 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们年龄的时候 , 突变的数量开始扩展系统的能力 , 以及mitochonondria开始哺乳功能和染色 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	看起来像微型透明昆虫的分离研究 , 从7 , 000到1400万种被称为物种 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的商业是非常紧张的 ! 在尝试过后 , 看看我们的上线是如何有这样的时间 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类语言中的一个重要生活 , 是人类语言的重要性 , 血液的丰富 , 如能量、情绪、硬化等 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格得到了 , 并且很谨慎地把自己的妻子打碎了贝特哈 , 因为他已经付了一条圆的总结 , 他把她吻在她的唇上 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	全国石油威尔瓦科开发了下一代的项目 , 将培训和发展高等大学毕业生为未来领导地位 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 携带旅客和货物 , 是铁路的主要任务 , 随着社会的发展 , 铁路越来越高 , 铁路的需求越来越高 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持一个希望的东西 , 是她的丈夫的重要物品 , 很快把他的衬衫里 , 枕头从他的身体里做出来 , 他的圣灵球 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	文章介绍了世界铀资源、其在某些国家的分布和变化 , 从2006年出版的红书 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华尔宁波计划在专业、动物和消费市场中开发国内市场 , 我们希望更多人参与我们 , 我们明天会更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	周五 , 周五的一份报告显示 , 消费信用在20个月之后 , 第二个月的下滑后 , 消费者信用上升 , 可为花费 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论尿病患者中cgms和csi可获得血糖干燥的价值信息 , 并提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiphop社区 , 从普通音乐集团获得了平等投资资资 , 探讨了投资的财务细节 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	然而 , 城市规划者 , 微妙地试图把资本转化成现代、效率和宇宙等城市 , 大多数都被认为是历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	语言压力:页面像邮件 , 但是 " 正常的博客色彩 " 的生活在正常的博客科学中 , 当你提醒管理页面的时候 , 就会消除 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国的婴儿学习项目是英国的一个完美和多方面评价体系 , 是评价和教育过程的结合 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	添加了提高了rpuf的压缩强度和模块与rpuf的相容性增强 , 提高了耦合剂的容量 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了日本建筑师kuma设计的 " 竹墙 " 的村庄 , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 将注册3的立即模式与注册数0相比 , 存储了qi4美元的结果 , 收到了3 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	周日 , 观察家声称 , " 茶党在联邦花费范围上升了愤怒 , 尤其是在银行中 。 "
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 在1990年代末期 , 许可样本已经变成了成本的成本 , 许多rappers开始创建背景和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	如果早期检测的时候 , 伊斯兰诺马的生存率达到了98% , 如果检测到的预测阶段时 , 可以低于15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但经过几年来 , 卡拉德里尔的经过了几年的庆典 , 到了他真实的和伊斯兰德里去与埃伦的儿子一起 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日晚上 , 智利总统和外交部长唐 , 参加东美洲论坛 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在全球的背部是数百个小镇 , 这种衣服是波普历史的重要组成部分 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 商业正在推动中国破坏的公司 , 而这些合作伙伴在美国销售的时候 , 美国的销售比斯蒂尔更少 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评的有机形式 , 包括 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机整体 " 和 " 反对立体 " 三个概念 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下面命令将创建 , 在卷积测试vg中 , 一个jfs2文件系统的jfs2文件系统与ununing点/fs2文件系统 , 并且只读取允许 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨白蛋白6和白蛋白18水平在血清中与血清综合分化的关系 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	目前的运行状态和电磁搅拌系统的电磁搅拌系统 , 马山铁和钢芯的1钢铁矿 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线继承 , 等于性别之间的继承 , 建立个人属性的基本内容已成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱的完美状态是单独独独独的 , 就像花边传递的话:夏天 , 保持记忆...
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	华达盆地位于中国南部吉林省 , 是一半格拉伯盆地 , 位于荷兰断裂北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	这个单元特征为两个128galn混合罐 , 一个30gallo持有hopper和一个变形的进展电容泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理的多元主义 " 经常表现了民主文化的公共文化 , 但现代时代主流思想是经济主流思想 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种化学风险模型系统 , 基于更新的气候分散算法和相应的方法 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的分配需要仔细考虑 , 但如果正确的通胀不再是关注的 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作计划 , 运行ct和超声图在检查表上进行ct和b超声图 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	所以 , 所以当然 , 应该被剑死 , 由于信徒 , 和祭司 , 在那里 , 祭司 , 祭司的地方 , 都要去了 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的集成模式 , 包括一个延迟的锁定循环 , 同步到一个参考钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸称 , 哈克马将在两个欧洲首都交易基金会上增加其暴露 , 投资汽车hkma管理 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股市最近的推动反馈已经在家庭预算上重新增加压力 , 标准500指数在7月份下降了4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他在非政府组织上重新限制了美国税收机构的非政府机构 , 并获得美国税收机构 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊情况防止这个从事实现 , 它可能会在安装国务委员会的证券委员会批准 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	在一般相对性中 , 时间被认为是高度、宽度和深度的尺寸 , 创造了四维宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	少数人被自定义为了让他们的灵魂从早期的灵魂 , 因为它更困难地检查自己的心脏 , 比写一个回答 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统的发言人说 , 尽管在淋巴结癌诊断 , 但他仍然会继续在办公室 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	委员会应当确保项目设计、建设和运行 , 按照媒体报告中包含的信息和建议 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型的时间更长 , 消失自然缓慢 , 如果有复杂的射线 , 可以显示大量的光滑 , 安伦多的形状 , 更多的圆形 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , niu加入了emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家签订了国际经典音乐品牌 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但在我的经验中 , 基本uml语言超过文档的基本原则 , 对于大多数软件密集系统的结构来说 , 对于文档的基本要求 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我想如果我在晚上做一些动力运动 , 它可以帮助我在15毫米时期的能源水平 , 我经历了最低的业务 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从前一天的治疗中 , 小鼠pmn的化学物质开始减少 , 大剂量剂量的影响比小剂量组更大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	在芝加哥会议上 , 最近在芝加哥会议上消失了西门网站 , 从来没有讨论机器在哪里使用的特定地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可变线性回归数学模型预测火灾传播 , 监督火灾防范 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法对245名自治抑郁范围、自治焦虑范围、自我制定自我制定的学生进行评价 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	拉里亚先生告诉法院说: " 我们不应该通过这个过程来协调更多的努力 , 比我们愿意做更加努力 。 "
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	埃尔吉人是一种智能的科比亚人 , 出现为浮动大脑训练的群体 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司新飞机的需求将在未来20年增加五倍 , 需要超过2 , 000余架飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看见上帝的惊奇作品 , 听到神的声音 , 听到神的声音 , 然后他们在正确的恐惧中 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地区 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 一个阶段被称为保守教育的阶段 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当爱德华出生时 , 他被送给了抗生物 , 清除他肺部的流感 , 尼日医生建议我们承认它 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微小批评自己从约翰妮·沃尔克的瓶子里出发 , 鼓励我想象来自自己的爆炸 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一棵小树的时候 , 他们听到了他们的头部和一只可怕的灌木 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外 , 还有10天或酒精外 , 除了身体外有一些疾病 , 外 , 还有药物不能使用 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预览1 , 今天下载的可用性是下载的第一个步骤 , 在本地html5支持的第一个步骤 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 在教学改革上 , 前者的训练应该结合到后者训练 , 以便学生可以提高思考的整体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有耐腐蚀性、耐热性、耐磨性、耐磨性等优点 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	该控制器在多功能电动驱动同步控制系统中应用 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论我国5种杀虫剂对成年蚊子的耐药检测 , 可用于我国的耐药检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	大多数情况下 , 目标是在今晚最后一次的一切葡萄 , 但在13个葡萄上坚持在13个葡萄上 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短代码进行同步化信息 , 使得相关代码传输频率快速传输的难点 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是导致服务方向和服务的技术架构之间的关系和差异 , 这里是一个破坏它的方法之一 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件传递到了错误 , 可以使它很难反映到原始的源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是非对称数字订阅循环的不对称数字订阅循环的出现 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组装水转换细胞是可行的 , 应该在水采集和水采水工程中流行 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 学校在某些类型的学校积极寻求沃尔多夫毕业生作为潜在的学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	本周 , 来自21个国家的高级官员在海湾举行会议 , 亚洲太平洋经济合作论坛的年度峰会 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	论述了城市环境建设的功能 , 阐述了城市环境建设的必要性 , 以及环境公路的必要性 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多目的联合应用可以结合应用的多目的 , 可以结合文化和松开 , 实现空实体存在文化的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	孙尼日强烈推荐的是西南 " 的 , 揭示了他在那时男女和女人之间的平等概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	一些投资者已经开始了他们 , 他们把他们的背部转到火车上 , 开始从草坪上跳出来 , 他们的运动就像任何球员那样高兴 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	普利多毒素:在双盲治疗一组高活性儿童中发现 , 比甲基苯甲基苯乙酰胺的有效性更高 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国商业方面发挥了重要作用 , 进一步 , 它对国家经济有着巨大的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您的收藏 , 保持新兴工作和收藏卡的行为 , 以及收藏的行为也是工作的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每天看到他们的平均性经验的平均数量 , 每月2.7至4.5%的性别经验增加了2.7 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江南地区云南地区的云南地区 , 有较好的油气勘探潜力 , 气藏勘探潜力 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	这项研究将看看看是否能够破坏病原伪造的通信系统 , 防止病毒的疾病 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于特殊的地质特征在子层储备中 , 注射化学剂的通用方法不适合亚层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	" 我并不说我们看上去 , " 玛丽说 , " 她说 , " 你不必死去了 。 " 我总是记得那样 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	据说 , 这种革命可能会受到限制或雇佣 , 硬线器和巧克力一定会在一天结束 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	虽然iq和个性测试也许不会对费克纳思想的直接关系 , 但他们的精神是相同的:测量 , 定量 , 以了解不同之间的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	然而 , 沙箱已经墙壁 , 因为魏波现在并不玩得太多 , 而且对外界的监控和犯罪政策的主体 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	好吧 , 这是一个非常大的手机 , 如果你看完整的日子 , 就会找到一个正面的故事 , 找到我面前的一个积极的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobradadock认识到 , 为了订购业务的最大障碍之一是消费者不能检查和触摸完美食物 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每个病人治疗 , 预算预算预算中 , 在2002-2005年的总价预算和总成本均有一定的变化 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 通过发明一种复合压力的复合压力 , 给出了摩擦压力和液压的优点 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	这是印度议会议会的一个标志 , 这个月在忽视这一问题后 , 印度议会的签署了 " 操作稳定 " 的标志 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究格里菲大学视觉媒体在视觉媒体的研究 , 并提供了一些有益的观点 , 在格里菲斯的经验 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在螺旋板上 , 几乎所有人都离开了站点 , 哈克斯在停车场里出去了车辆 , 很多人都离开了 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	尽管目前的数字可能会建议一个步骤 , 但分析师说 , 他们并非在中国贸易的定义指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译在点上编辑的 , " 把一个邮件附加到sina.com上 , 一个流行的webportal 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	分析了反垄断权威机构的四个主要模型 , 指出了反垄断权威的效率非常重要 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗 , 但当他或她看来时 , 这通常缺乏 , 或她是看作一个利润 , " lucnoel博士补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	而且 " 更多 " 的是 , 园林地区、农田、农田、工业土地将获得其峰值 , 然后减少稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbbc报道 , 至少19人死于德国德国德国德国德国德国杜迪斯堡西部迪斯堡西部的舞蹈舞蹈节 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象可以让我们做任何东西 , 即使是一位女性综合征导致没有过度的行动 , 文学可以使我们变得任何东西 , 把我们放在哪里 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成后 , 他离开了旗子 , 珍惜地用它擦嘴 , 其中一些圣威尔的中国人像14岁 , 比25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	西部一个城市在利玛附近的太平洋附近 , 建于1537年 , 它是周边最大的港口 。 人口264 , 1333 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人造成一个融合 , 我发现 , 这个建筑超级城市不会有一个古老的模式 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经过很困难的时间 , 试图学习外语 , 同时适应各种文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个男人在森林里打猎了一只狐狸 , 最终失去了自己 。 他在暗暗的时候 , 他遇到了一只白头发 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	地球上最大的大链接在地球上 , 环形的岛屿附近一个中央的拉戈 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	野生的羽毛覆盖着鸟类的身体 , 它们紧密闭着葡萄酒 , 创造了翅膀和尾巴的热力表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	即使是正常的业务逻辑的一部分 , 即使是正常的业务逻辑的一部分 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	但是 , 有时候 , 这种脂肪从低铁商店 , 尤其是在20和30岁的女性中 , 尤其是在她们吃不多肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 设计合理 , 运动方式可靠 , 由那些受伤的链链接组合的性质 , 实现了世界上高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了减少沿海鸟的习惯压力 , 建立水流池在核心区边缘的水流池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	印度克:看起来似乎你希望看到视频编码正在接近google宣布他们正在下降h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	马登娜 , 奶酪布莱尔和贝克汉姆都搬到了沉默的南方 , 威胁他们的国内生活的海绵 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	装备一晚vfrvfrvvvvvrvvvrvvvvrvvvicsite , 还可以很容易地回到您的秘密目的地 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	酒吧和咖啡环绕着平台填满了桌子 , 家庭在晚餐后停下来 , 或是过去 , 为了一杯葡萄酒 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	根据陈晓 , 在赵普林的高级咨询人员 , 公司标准不能在经济衰退中产生利润 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界上最大的矿业公司发言人rubgarajah说: " 欧盟不需要批准 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市市场指标 , 因此 , 房价和低通胀的房价和低通胀一定要做更多的饲料银行家和借贷者的经验感 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是教师职业发展的重要基础 , 在教师的路由工作中发挥不可替代的部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	同时 , 除了其他的运动规模 , 20岁的年轻人完成了像荷兰、纳塔尼港口和萨尔玛·哈伊一样的前面 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们得到有意义的结果 , 我们也证实了网格指数实际上是为了在后部分解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	例如 , 在短期市场峰值下 , 许多人指向宠物利润 , 股市明显的贫困也想保持或覆盖位置 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者似乎已经被忽略了 , 在周一的交易过程中 , 投资者看起来已经下滑了9% , 但在每个小时之后 , 投资者看起来就会有17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意 , 阿森并不会在丹麦的裂缝里工作 , 因为他有一个与阿莫斯的争论 , 他已经工作了一些时间 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公楼级别不适用于:经理喜欢熟悉 , 超级艺术家的数百名艺术家 , 是无根本的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	从现在 , 只有16qam实验在空间通信中实验 , 它们的16qam是由传统的方法制成的 , 其数据率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜下血管病变是一种用于腹部壁固定泪水固定的技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	没有结婚 , 也没有结婚 , 我的父亲告诉我 , 因为他们太喜欢分享他们家庭财富或过去 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	对于一个电力俄罗斯舞蹈主题的tus , 玩家配合聚合物 , 清理板 , 达到最多的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	一个危机解释说: " 你们在公园的大峰、扩展性玻璃器和印象水下应用完美 。 "
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达是真正的逻辑 , 在那时我不知道他是否是否被我拉腿或他是否真正是个简单的ton 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案 , 直接影响建设的投资和周期 , 确定了建设完成后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及荧光塑料链制造和应用技术 , 尤其是一种荧光塑料连接复合产品及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:评价板表面生长因子对不同根表面的附加和增殖的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	平壤 , 革命的首都 , 被断裂 , 社会主义公平主义公平面临不断的变化 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温微镜和xrd研究了包含硫酸盐水泥克隆器的克隆过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常特征变量指令 , 多地址格式 , 包含少量的普通目的注册 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	诚实的是 , 大多数人在课堂内容上做了 , 因为我们教授米歇根大学的任何1名学生都会学习 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自从1979年 , 中国重新重新重新启动金融信任业务 , 信任业经历了六大改进和修改 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察颈动脉悬浮治疗儿童哮喘的疗效 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南方的所有bp错误 , 并且联邦政府正确地纠正 , 大多数人对皇室付款的影响没有影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	结婚后 , 她的父亲试图安排 , 她在荷兰发现幸福 , 却失去了一个被穆斯林零点杀死的朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过他们完全可以看到独特的机制 , 建立在天空的原则上 , 虽然它只有五个故事 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	然而 , 本公司通常不给慈善 , 它并不贡献政治活动 ; 它不应该是理想的 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	格兰马·布莱尔现在96岁 , 他贷款了100美元 , 他在8年级建立的火灾站立了一座火灾站 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖泊食品机械厂是一家专业生产自动指导机械、冯莞机械、邮政机械、邮政机械等专业生产 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理拉法尔·贝尼特尔·贝尼特兹赞扬了他对他的婚姻背景的竞争对手 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	cuimadam的观点很复杂 , 精确 , 还有一些可以代表出来的李兴问 , 为了让彼得那么多的顾客的销售 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了企业分布资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐述了pp和实现技术的结构 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	更新努力需要增加 " 三个农村 " 支持 , 即农村经济、农村发展和农村民主 " 的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了旋转光长流动的影响 , 假设是一种算法随机过程 , 对纤维环理论器进行了详细的分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文利用概念和非概念学方法 , 描述了影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	使用霍尔 , 氢阻塞硅油 , 六甲烷 , d4合成了需要的氢化硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨paonia总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的影响及心肌超微结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨t抑制剂细胞功能的变化及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们回到一起重新关注管 , 垂直平静的姐妹在普通时说话没有人太挑战不要听 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	它在西方和东方的战争中 , 运营 " 市场花园 " 的战争中 , 在霍尔兰 , 以及阿森纳的离开 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章讨论了辽州市资本城市资本城市的相关问题 , 包括周州市与辽京之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但奥巴马总统的预算主任彼得·奥斯加说 , 共和党人只是在他们对总统税收建议上错误 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	后来的力量要求不必要解决:工作盲目:在这个形式的缺陷中 , 内容还有限制和事故 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她保持她的时尚主义 , 穿着t恤衫运动了她喜欢的游戏 , 通过携带她个人化的咖啡 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本著名的思想中:成功的新心理学 , 斯坦福的心理学家卡尔·迪克给我所描述的一个名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称 , 为了变得更聪明的大脑需要大量额外的能量和氧气 , 我们只不能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月22日监管机构周五在美国银行的五家银行开车 , 预计将会成为银行失败的忙碌年 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构预计 , 今年全球石油需求增长400万桶 , 至86.5亿桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也被非印刷报纸阅读者的重视 , 认识了光、声音和运动的重要性 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在近来的公众评论中 , 温先生已经把外国商业信心保持在中国 , 并且与国际执行人相符合 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果时间器在部门数据被承认之前 , tcp假设部分损失或损坏 , 然后重新发送 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	由于它返回了一个结果与诺米纳米二分辨率的结果 , 它是自然认为它具有相同的精度和精度的限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	因此 , 通过你的前锋发布了一个完美的实现方程 , 将一个完成的方程 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司 , 进一步扩大其生产能力 , 同年生产能力达到了5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真表明 , 该仪器大大提高了l、c和r的参数参数参数参数的测量精度 , 得到了更好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入一个积极的态度 , 每个人都鼓励帮助在我们校园内的社会建筑活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还说明 , 它们可以分离整个文化遗传微生物的群落 , 并创建一个 " 个性化 " 的细菌的图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在恢复一个锁定板固定构造过程中 , 仍然要保护完整的承载 , 直到联合信号可见于放射图上 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还担心迈克尔·布莱克 , 但西森在周二转向莫里奥州的国家 , 因此 , 他对米克尔黑人来说也有很好的关注 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	申请党和审判党的历史和参考党在下庭文件简单或编写论文中获得的参考 , 以及申请法院的法庭 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	阐述了改进是否会导致客户机运动 , 否则在板板和否认反馈中有意义地进化过程 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金 , 使一个人对物理疼痛的敏感 , 减少了社会状况的失望 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过对缺陷位置的设置 , 来解决与树脂沙的移动铁 , 成功避免了缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 与zte的手工、统一、贡献、工作、微软的服务和客户携带的现实 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周的事情从上周转变 , " chuchat强调 , 解释了那些劳动数量的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 年轻人已经埋藏了 , 我在银行上伸展 , 我可以听到所有东西的深音乐 , 天空开放给我它的星心 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场战争 , 在2010年 , 她失去了四次 , 赢得了一次 , 这也是圣娜反对的战争 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	" 我想要有一个孩子 , 但我不想尝试 , 就像那样 , " 马登娜说 , " 这是那些怪物之一 。 "
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	在骨颗粒中 , 通过多层有机矩阵现金 , 表明矿相与石灰质有机矩阵相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例患者有虚假的阳性结果 , 包括11例自治mba , 9例高血压 , 6例糖尿病和6例其他疾病 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另一件事 , 从来没有证明 , 帕帕诺达的兴趣严格是家庭 , 参议员对大酒吧有血腥 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了有效的dmus的一些可行途径 , 给出了解决决策和科学管理的参考基础 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果与谷歌地图发生了同样的效果 , 当公司触发了120kb页面大小的时候 , 该公司开始了30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 浙宁还说服了卫生人 , 要获得女孩 , 沉默和沉默地印象她 , 并不要用非 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法甚至允许您在飞行中修改验证规则 , 因为所有的pamaware程序开始使用新的规则 , 没有需要在它们的代码中任何变化 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但我坐在我的山里 , 巴巴比亚人仍然在他们的数千上万 , 还有几个人敢到威尔德·斯卡里布尔 , 知道他们肯定会死 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	所以 , 三分之一的长袖在顶部和心脏器上部 , 是一个非常好的方法 , 而且在同时也没有一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	介绍了广东电信集成的业务支持体系的一些相关概念之后 , 重点讨论了广东电信的工作流技术的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	虽然汤姆在销售会上显示不合理的需求 , 但他不能与客户的不合理的需求展示 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对论文的一个非常好的机会 , 它立刻攻击了他们所谓的非法干扰和破坏的政府 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找转换外部的星球对太阳和同事的技术相似 , 用月球作为镜头看地球转移太阳 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填充了这座建筑 , 它是一座完美的炉子 , 门被烧了 , 地板被烧了 , 木基督没有烧伤 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	个人成员通常回答这个叫做武器 , 参与国有的宠物驱动机 , 将各种建议放在篮上 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 如何准确地评估你在产品和公司成功的正确路径下迭代 , 而不仅是在大小洞里挖掘进一步 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	如果他成功获得他的观众同意 , 公开发言也有益处 , 公开发言人也是一名自信增强者 , 如果他成功获得他的观众同意 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在 , 这比在快速的世界上更有关 , 你的工作发表了自己和ivy联盟信 , 在你的名字之后 , 没有匹配您的黑客能力 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	那时说 , 有很多故事 , 仍然在探索 , 离开探索 , 解除只是关于阿拉斯和利克王的故事 , 只是一个很短的观察 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体系逐步建立 , 高等教育体系在改革下 , 知识的经济时代正在开始 , 教育服务是开放的 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc已经发布的威胁 , 应该给国际社区疑问它在民主政府领导 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	目前 , 管理监督的政策已经被过去几年的社会取得了明显的成就 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	由于缺乏心理卫生专业人员 , 大多数受到抑郁症患者不会得到适当的治疗 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	文中还讨论了多模式方法 , 实现了统一和 " 目前 " 加速运动模型 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:采用医学知识、诊断、医疗技能、评论课程和评价试验 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	它是印刷行业的增长关注 , 如果我们可以使用密度来测量和控制点颜色的颜色 , 或者考虑印刷过程控制 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在杨城500kvehv传输线中 , 采用固定系列电容器来提高电源传输能量 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	路易斯坦和泰坦人常被认为是妹船 , 事实上属于两个独立的主人 , 但错误却是理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但目前的h1n1型流感真正让这种非常明显 , 人们通过流感病毒传递到猪、土耳其和牛奶 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	随着我自己与格兰维尔的愤怒者在一天的记录中 , 就要从前一天的28艘鱼捕捞 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr , 83岁的老板 , 现在他儿子30亿美元的教练 , 比尔和melinda盖茨基金会 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	这并非仅仅是开发者 , 当燃烧到timo的开放方式的时候 , 提醒用户开源的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	在上周的地震之后 , 北京仍然抓住了数千名死亡 , 中国已经把第一个蓝色印刷重建在上周的地震之后 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文研究了一种新方法结合目标变换因素分析和光谱图书馆搜索的方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	原因是 , 具有声音结构的知识基础 , 直接影响了专家系统的干扰速度和有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 液态活性极大提高了液化温度、催化剂量和液态固态比 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了宋华河流域冰水系统的性质、冰阻性能的性能 , 然后研究冰箱的推进性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	紧张的城市 , 州和联邦技术部门已经是云计划的一些机构 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是一位孩子们去学校项目赚钱的孩子 , 来自一个昂贵的协议箱里的卡 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	由某些乳酸细菌的某些菌株而制成的多少是否可以转化糖类似的分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济阶段 , 生产区域和住宅单位作为整个社区 , 建立满足国家建设需求 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划还满足西方的其他预订 , 为了有效的绿色刺激对建筑效率和可再生能源的建筑效率 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 卢迅是日本最常见的中国作家 " 主题 " 作为日本学生所需的文本书 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单讨论了敏捷方法学的特点 , 比较了传统的软件开发方法 , 介绍了几种敏捷的方法mos 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%患者患者的症状减少 , 囊肿的疗效显著降低或失望 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统的操作简单、快速、稳定稳定性 , 其维护方便 , 接口友好 , 是其流行和应用的有益 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智能分析师一贯认为中国进步的速度和技术上都是经济发展的 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	alphathathasemia , 另一条条件 , 是世界上许多地区 , 马来拉里亚洲 , 尤其是非洲和东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍大脑损伤ct标志的分类 , 并探讨其在诊断和预后诊断中的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验结果表明 , 该模型描述了pizeric活动器的行为是有效的 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	在gtaw联合微结构和gtaw联合微结构中 , 高温连接的低温冲击强度比smaw联接的最佳 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要在孩子和孙子们周围的生活中心 , 寻找自己的社会环境 , 这种方法 , 你不会失望太多的期望 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	按照下列项目的绝对数量 , 应当按照下列项目的绝对数量 , 确定有效的传播数量 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公共性是建设和加强政府的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 在圣地上做服务 , 圣洁服装在祭司的圣洁服装 , 以及他儿子的服装 , 到祭司的办公室 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验 , 分析了硅橡胶释放剂在房间温度下的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾性分析30例pelvic地面环境下生物反馈疗法和护理护理情况 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引法 , 一个强大的内容由清晰、纯粹、集中注意力的思想开始吸引你的欲望 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	重新构造心脏和心脏缺血区域的3维生素图像 , 心肌缺血区域从2dimimionbeamct中恢复心脏缺血 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	例如 , 在前面的例子上 , 将x添加到脚本的开始 , 以及一个评论 , 并执行它 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究对饮食咖啡因消费的食品频率仪器进行研究 , 以评价咖啡因摄入和肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用集成带来了多个应用程序和信息源 , 无需直接调用它们 , 它关注应用程序与数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	随着气候变化的国家 , 气候变化都是贫困的:它们包括索马里亚 , 尼日利亚 , 阿富汗 , 阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润现在正在达到2007年的预订峰值 , 但增长和稳定市场之间的差异越来越大 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	另外 , fda可以启动一个管理回忆 , 如果机构决定一个成年或错误的婴儿公式给人体健康带来的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	danton是一个强烈的消防品牌 , 一个令人震惊的政治演员 , 他的观众在拉拉尔举行了广泛的记忆 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行的风格接口 , 许多商业软件被使用 , 是从年轻的外国手段开始的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母超级化疗法是严重溃疡性溃疡病人的安全有效方法 , 可提高患者的组织学 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水质控制的高质量的技术解决方案相关 , 从任务到混合器 , 从直流到显示头和螺丝 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域数据结构 , 首先分析了信息树的概念 , 提出了一种新型的抗逆措施 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	虽然疼痛 , 我会努力完美我的生活 , 不会对你爱 , 不会对你感到不满意 , 我和你玩10年的热情玩笑 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	法国花园的比例在法国花园运行 , 由三个兄弟的阿里克力代表的三个兄弟戈尔 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建课程设计的实施和管理系统是运行过程设计和培训综合适用人才的前提和保障 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	阿尔巴尼现在将导致一个挑战性 , 试图赢得个人机构 , 安全大多数需要批准这项交易 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一所警察学院发表演讲中 , 周大学的一名演讲中 , 南非人拥有世界上最高的谋杀率之一 , 去年有18万人杀死率 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警察发现 , 920 , 000多名美丽的瓷板板板板上 , 中国的云南省和泰国港之间 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	向非洲发送军队发送军队 , 直接谋杀冲突 , 是一种对象 , 干预主义的增加正在增长更糟糕 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	测试结果证明 , qh4节省能源沿海设备具有显著的燃料 , 在任何路径条件下 , 运动车辆和任何路径条件下 , qh4节约能源沿海设备具有一定的效果 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这种方法很轻易被视为障碍 , 但可以提供一个广泛的曝光 , 就像是与两边矩阵的方法取得的 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三个意识到 , 男人是对天战争的关键 , 因此他们的刚性时代 , 自从开始开始就被传播 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	巴西的仿真系统分裂 , 基于奥兰多 , 生产和制造 , 包括现实主义和鲁棒模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	针对地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法 , 提出了地面结构安排的基本思想 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的范围远远大 , 许多美国人认识到 , 根本品牌改革不仅需要临时修复 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅能通过开发经济的 " 社会财富 "  , 而且在合理收入体系的基础上分布它 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	在治疗25分钟的压力下 , 奥巴马的新鲜时间达到了1824天后 , 治疗两次压力在250次压力下达到了1824天 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	它是一个相似的塑料前面和橡胶化的小板 , 作为79美元的非触摸模式 , 但几个按钮也很少 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	因为我们的团队需要用户连接到数据库并设置多个jbos包装器 , 我们使用panel来提示网站特定信息的用户 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 在第一个平衡中 , 这些光和粒子的互动看起来像魔法 , " 极端分子是量子光学的脉冲 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个破坏的国王 , 克劳迪斯 , 正在为他父亲和姐姐的死亡而引起资本和愤怒 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论 , 我们可以通过观察病理大小的病理学 , 确切地发现环境偏好 , 运行后应该是一种路由检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	在地面上 , 盐标志上 , 当喷气的爆炸中 , 喷雾机场的爆炸时 , 没有水平 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经过类似的经验 , 在战斗贫困和追求发展中 , 我们充分欣赏他们面临的艰难和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	将数据交换为客户端和服务之间的格式定义为xmlschema的xml模式 , 显示在清单1中 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题 , 据报道 , 有些媒体指责中国黑客的黑客进入普通网络 , 以及我们对我们战斗的信息 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 南非人口的平均非洲 , 只有9.2%的人口定义为白色 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海鸡水果的外 , 除了蛋白、脂肪和碳酸盐 , 还有各种基本维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	雇员工作满意度可以分别解到公司转向注意力 , 工作性能达到49.38% , 58.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	owen支付到一个表现 , 这位年轻的年轻人被击败了邮件 , 并从罗伯托·阿伯尼亚里救出来的救助 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	1920世纪初 , 民族化的记者出现在20世纪初 , 出现了民族化的新闻主义 , 是政治和经济体制的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双色荧光和流动细胞分析方法对不同层次、血液化时间和洗涤时间的影响进行了比较 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	飞行已成功地抢劫了两个世界级目标者 , 我们的激情领导jt , 信息翼箭和影响中场乔尔 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车和视频、任务机、智能计、太阳能汽车、电力工具及军事应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	詹米·威尔逊是简单健康的 , 说: " 只有一半小时才能帮助别人的生活和他们的生活 。 "
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	鉴于我们对安全公共卫生的责任 , 密度官员面对这样的情况几乎总是错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在增长市场和发展中国家的更多协议 , 增加了欧盟发展中国家的代表 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	安德尔 , 安德 。 斯特 , 安德 , 安德 , 安德 , 安德 , 安德 , 安德 , 安德里 , 都有 。
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对孕妇的影响越来越紧张 , 如果孕妇女流感 , 更可能承认她们 , 但孕妇的死亡率越高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	曾经 , 我的朋友 , 我的一些笑话 , 为了有趣 , 就像许多阿根廷电影只适用于一张杰德的观众 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	当我们想安装第六个战争教授时 , 更多的抵抗是在斯克霍姆大学的物理学教授的时候 , 我们就会遇到更多的抵抗 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的是安全的版本 , 但我不认为历史上有一个单个案例 , 在那里 , 一个炸弹威胁被称为 " 炸弹 " 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这可能意味着不同的西班牙环的成员不同的事情 , 米克哈尔·莱布布穆夫说 , kgb和一个著名的冷战空间退休的颜色 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们还发现 , 男性和女性工作者的方法几乎没有差异 , 建议 , 职业驱动女性只是在薪水谈判中 " 竞争性 " 的 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	意大利软件确定有 " 北美的正确连接 " , " 丹尼洛说 , " 尽管我们在欧洲和亚洲有我们 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然气候 , 如洪水 , 热带循环 , 扭曲和潮流的船舶都发生在这里 , 几乎每年都有悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	sap>cobol非xml转换可以开发与ibmwebspherherea转换器进行消息映射 , 以便在网络处理策略中执行消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	这些形态变化在组2.结论:hbo与nimodipine结合的hbo结合 , 音乐对高可逆性icvd具有很好的恢复作用 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际的探索方法 , 利用地震波实现了地震波的稳定性计算了周围岩的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	尽管这里有许多实际和政治困难 , 但这大型地区的利益可能是巨大的 , 而且更好的是碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 一些新闻:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等 , 从传统中国的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻造 , 润滑油泵喷涂 , 扩展齿轮寿命 , 保证长期印刷精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	清明节著名的 " 河景景 " 的著名图片 , 也将在中国巡逻展示中国古城的魅力 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受的时候 , 这个知识的后果每次都在锻炼 , 它的权力总是是直接向其交易 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	这是不基督徒 , 相信结束可以仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅仅是神的王国 , 甚至不够的结束 , 才能结束到人们的任何意义 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高能量风隧道试验 , 研究了一种变形的超声输入和超声形态转换的超声输入器人 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果突变素和淋巴酶均可成功地把细菌墙覆盖 , 并从细菌中提取血浆 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨在帕金森病人穿穿着电机流感患者的疗效和安全性 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子扩充阀的流动特性 , 应适应超热阀的流动特性 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	11岁和slomon给了hiram2万个小麦作为食物 , 除了两千个浴缸 , 还有两千个浴缸 , 还有两千个橄榄油 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定在2001年以来 , 由于2001年以来 , 由于欧盟基本教育项目运行 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef的临床疗效和毒性 , 作为当地先进乳腺癌治疗的新型化疗恢复的临床疗效 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	加强医疗行业强化的服务意识 , 加强医疗行业的发展 , 加强医疗意识 , 进一步提高医疗行业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	吉特斯被视为动物部门 , 另一侧印度彩色象征 , 以庆祝国家独立70年 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车 , 大型和小型战斗车 , 箱子车辆 , 监视汽车 , 无论是私人汽车 , 公司车辆可能上海贷款 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了物理变化到触摸屏 , 触摸屏技术也在移动设备上的软件互动波中使用 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择红莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 草莓酱 , 菠萝酱 , 菠萝酱 , 芒果酱 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行业发展面临着各种挑战 , 包括纤维、企业竞争在外部和发展中国家的各样挑战 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	它们在慢性膜结构、皮质蛋白复杂、电子传输部件和照片合成功能方面都不同 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	为了探讨改进型tvp3混合蛋白的安全性 , 以及改进的融合蛋白类型的有效性 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了不同参数对桩壁类型的稳定性的影响 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	有些人可能不会在一起做什么 , 相信它或不相当普通、钱意识的人中有百万富翁和百万富翁 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	1969年 , 前军队的殖民地 , 他在1969年被大量人口的国家 , 在27岁的紧张时代 , 已经在他的图片中恢复了这个国家 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	今天 , 斯蒂文·杰拉德今天拯救了利物浦的德比日胜利 , 并坚持红军正在重新把胜利四个地方赢得的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了大规模的细胞文化的一些方法 , 包括人类培训、环境控制、睡眠技术和材料管理等 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	离开yi不知道 , 对于cilia并阻止这种危害的话题 , 这并不好 , 请求一个人格与布鲁斯不同的事情 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	根据本土丹麦的报道 , 利物浦正在唱歌的年轻人尼古拉杰·科赫特在三年的交易上 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	南18条法国信用农业银行 , 沙街60年南 , 江南通信是纽约工作 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	思想与政治工作的大学咨询人员是思想与政治工作的基本指挥者和教育者 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct目前的变压器在连接方式、控制电路和保护继电路中使用的仪器变换器 , 通常有5个ampere二年 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全驾驶 , 剩下几天 , 然后在一个步骤中 , 干水果鲜 , 议会层和所有都是从绿色种子中排出 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声纠正方法相比 , 非线性配合在中间和后冲击响应功能的非线性配合是相对较低的 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	简介:夏格和母亲给了母亲付出尊重他的坟墓里 , 小宝突然下降 , 在返回10年之前 , 回来十年 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务过程竞争中心可以为这些需求提供一个中央存储库 , 并且在云中保持它很容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	通过实验测量 , 实验测量的测量 , 计算结果表明 , 该模型的表面温度分布是相当的 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	作为聚合物填充器作为木材利用的重要方向 , 降低聚合物生产成本和提高产品性能的重要方向 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	在10月份 , 迈克尔·波兰在纽约时报杂志发表的一封信中写了一封信 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人们 , 质量第一 " 是我们的十个 " , 金子们将继续创造竞争性产品 , 我们邀请您参与建立未来的依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:冠状折射器具有较好的抗蚀特性 , 因此它是在铅窑中应用的最适合于此窑中最适合的 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 给我国市场带来机遇 , 信用已成为限制社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在台阶段 , 六艘美国战争周围围的船舶 , 以确保武器在火山地区的其他地方不采取武器 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	杂交字符明显显显显显示了母亲的异常、水果设置日期、水果大小和颜色如果混合人群都会遵循哺乳母亲 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但即便如果重量反对利益不完全回答气候变化的问题 , 它是答案的必要部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有新颖的结构 , 硬化 , 耐久 , 特别适用于各种类型的卡车类型修复 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	来自西部大西部地区 , 被称为萨莫利亚的西部地区 , 这些毒品是在最重的婴儿单位 , 可用于刘安军队 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了模型的反限性和噪音机制 , 进一步阐述了这个新概念的研究方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左宫颈切除术用于宫颈癌和部分颈椎癌的颈椎癌和部分颈椎切除术后的左颈切除术 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	缓慢期望的增长已经预计联邦储备的预计将会推动另一轮债券购买 , 以便将长期借贷成本降低 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了山西蒙古沙漠沙漠地区的土壤水分含量及其动力学 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会说 , 美国大学教授的六十八%的教师批评在今天美国大学教师的六十八岁 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量计、集成传感器、转换器和集成器 , 并在此基础上阐述了传感器、转换器和集成器 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	照明中心的旅行代表了世界贸易中心的失去二塔 , 它只显示了9/1攻击中心的许多记忆之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该对那些犯罪错误的人进行信任 , 而且他们的态度仍然是不错的 ; 他们应该被剥夺当前的排名和高效的人 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制剂基因pten诱导人类膀胱癌细胞凋亡的作用及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是波迪尼 , 它的领导人是普通的pica , 卫生部门 " 电话 " 全天 , 因为读者们想到了更多关于动态假日的信息 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	采用qcg系列传统的运动管道运动泵 , 以处理清洁水或其他液体相似于物理和化学性能 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	非传统的代理 , 例如代理导致波文斯班牙语言语法 , 与人类各种切割性疾病相关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	通过介绍一种降低剂观察器 , 以重建外系统的状态 , 解决了ootc法的物理实现问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	针对粗糙集理论的连续评价属性 , 提出了一种方法 , 强调分辨率分辨性的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	今年1月 , 空军防御系统显示 , 中国航空系统对可部署的多功能武器 , 强调出口市场的重点 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔子病人应该保护安静环境法院的处理 , 可以使用拖车器来减少患者的痉挛、瘫痪和疼痛 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 应该作为替代 , 沃尔夫斯堡可能会稍微降低价格 , 放松他们的增长 , 允许罗斯里的玫瑰石 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动周期识别的平行混合电动汽车的自适应控制策略 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	由于信任研究的多文化交互与omnini的现状 , 正在检查其哲学维度 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	马萨因和他的同事们的长期研究表明 , 大坝的极端精密模式特别是在海底或半径地区的极端精密模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿对其后院的苏联影响的时候 , 美国南美政策已经降低了重要性 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 两名德国代理人在1942年发现了英国情报局的两种这样的代码 , 英国情报已经失败了裂纹 , 声明的文件显示 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新的稳定添加剂 , 提高了fcc柴油燃料的颜色变化和沉积形成 , 含有非基本的氮化合物 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	净收入达到54亿美元 , 或每股4% , 从净收入下降151亿美元 , 或2007年第三季度的第三季度 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	尽管英语最受欢迎的字母 , 尽管英语最受欢迎的字母 , 但它并不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时代主席阿瑟·斯伯格周四在新设备上发表评论 , 除非说 , 除非在新设备中说 , " 安装隧道 " 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	动态 , vivivid , 工作流的个性成为客户的急需需 , 用wfms应用范围扩展和应用程序实现扩展不断扩展 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指的部长在一家大型的来源 , 很快就从工人中间的污染物被用水洗在各种组件上 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	麦克莱恩 , 另一方面 , 在控制中感到更多 , 说她喜欢她前的工作方面 , 尤其是金钱和石星的机会 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	自从我们周末花费了四小时或多小时的工作 , 对于你的健康和长期性 , 你的工作的地方也是有可能的 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	当使用odbc时 , 这是一个冗余的实践 , 作为应用程序的初始化 , odbc函数是数据库系统的 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在离开八年后返回巴基斯坦 , 并且在卡拉奇的战争过程中幸存了自杀炸弹 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分别分为糖尿病 , 给了一半的地方 , 用一半扩张的氮素 , 一种药物在血液中提高hdl水平 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	好吧 , 你可以伸展它 , 说 , 一个工程的例子来改善人类健康是从一个地方到另一个地方 , 但这比我要做得更多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者在周一看来 , 亚洲和欧洲的投资者看起来很明显地说话了64.76点 , 或超过5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	在这里 , 我发现的星系配置图 , 可以更好地做到 , 或者很容易被烧伤的sc结束 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 孟子的佛教学思想的研究比其他人更少 , 尤其是大成青春的内容和意义的研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多公司的规定 , 鼓励美国sarbanesoxley行为的激励 , 以及其他措施 , 要清理公司行为将是sarbanesoxley行为 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	您可以嵌入媒体 , 更好地说明一个主题 , 为自己建立信用性 , 同时与其他人合作 , 提高您的knol 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	阐述了mvc2的创新思想 , 以及基于mvc2的访问管理系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	斯蒂尔在接下来宣布 , 利比亚的评论是创始的 , 丑陋的 , 使利比尔对斯蒂尔的能力导致党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更有可能参与城市娱乐中心 , 蒸汽黑色 , 或者在公共池塘或火中喷洒 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	利用这些参考 , 中国应完成现代教育投资体系 , 给出基本教育、加强教育机构等优先进展 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它袭击了岛屿 , 杀死两个民事人和两个民事人 , 因为南方忽略警告不要在岛屿上火灾 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:可以在整个策略上实现创造性思想 , 我们可以实现用户经验优化的最佳结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 在超级机器人战争中 , 组成者肯诺克·苏里亚也被称为 " 超级机器人 " 战争中 , 没有法律行动的报告 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着我国的战略和领导行业的发展 , 高科技行业吸引了很多困难 , 逐渐成为我国黑人行业的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季 , 阿尔科表示 , 自己的成员在网站的网站上获得了36%独特的访问者 , 但在网站上产生了80%的页面视图 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但最终我们决定把它放到巴基赫 , 返回巴士 , 沿着我们的旅行者安吉亚和加盟 , 还在探索这个城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	加利福尼亚的宪法在体育学家的父母或法律卫生后 , 直到48小时以前 , 加利福尼亚宪法 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	早期种子的大多数胚胎 , 由于非正常内部核分裂 , 可以发展到全球胚胎阶段 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理教育应当教授专业知识 , 使独立思想和培养生命学习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总战发动机 , 将成为我们最新发展的基础 , 引入了3d海军战争的第一次 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生们将能够利用学习的知识和方法来搜索相关材料 , 并在未来遇到法律问题时找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论在角膜上皮下 , 它是一种满意的 , 以治疗由物理和力学因素引起的骨折病因 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	最佳主义者坚持政治家们总是在初步讲论人口崩溃 , 奥巴马先生实际上承诺自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	智慧的模式与其它地方做出了相同的设计 , 更少你的头发风格选择是有限于某种颜色和三种风格选择的 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律集体的权利 , 完全运动权利时 , 才能保护自己的工作权利和利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	同样 , 奥巴马总统为奥巴马提供了强烈的扭转 , 但当他面对国内反对的时候 , 他面临着强烈的碳切割 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿在2008年的民主党选举中出现了几次时间 , 有时通过声音邮件来回来 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的一项实践表明 , 希望满足、物质勘探和一项未有的日常生活中存在的外部戏剧现象 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	平衡输入信号从任何真正平衡的玩家都会通过完全平衡 , 直到达到平衡头输出连接器 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为一个 " 伊斯纳 " , 世界大力和各种政治 , 美国认识到中亚是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	英国哥伦比亚大学的最常见的是gregorkiczal , 目前在英国哥伦比亚大学 , 他在软件模块研究工作 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型的帮助或许可以在工作、方向、交通或其他支持 , 以保持自己或她的雇佣 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	有一个场景 , 因为苏金最终去了她和永东一起生活的房子 , 最后把所有的事情包装到邮箱里 , 把钥匙放到邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元法 , 分析了外界环境对电导混凝土的影响 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp经理说 , 他们经常听说 , " 反对已经订购了这样的 " 和 " 反对华盛顿短缺 " 美国的居民 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2美国认识到国际机构、外国政府及其它代表人员和他们的家庭成员的存在 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 关于进口声明的形式作为签订并发行的自定义 , 应当给外汇交易的付款 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	分析方法是基于板块和壳壳的经典理论 , 采用两种有限的反应产率条件作为材料的产量标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	杨晓春说 , 中国保持着马来西亚和新加坡的良好的经济和贸易关系 , 三国都是互相交易伙伴的重要贸易伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	因此 , 这个月的列表提供了一个更深入的描述ibm支持者 , 包括最新特征的ibm支持者 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1个可爱的cap岩条件可以直接限制甲烷脱离和直接限制甲烷脱离 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的照片显示了几十个小孩在jiakai体育厅内玩坏事 , 装备了一套空气化系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	图5显示了一种脉冲宽度生成器的例子 , 根据本发明的另一个实例 , 根据该发明的另一个实例 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一家创造的街道 , 经过同事的破坏和传统的院子房子的破坏 , 只是王府东部的东部 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国民族成员投票到新西兰各地的16名博物馆 , 来自法国各地的各种博物馆 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国正喜欢建立和平建设委员会 , 更有效地协调和平的努力 , 后果冲突重建和发展 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系 , 劳动法是劳动关系调整劳动关系的主要原因 , 应该是一个特定、劳动关系的狭窄、劳动意义 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师做了 , 他们会创造一个日本产品 , " 伊斯科解释说 , 他的头部巴纳逊海外运行的首席席席席席席席席席席席席席 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	阿西哥人提供了许多水果和蔬菜的黑色 , 比如蓝莓和红辣椒 , 它们是黑米 " 黑 " 的 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站的女性网站说 , " 几乎地震激发了现象 , 从崩溃的墙壁、飞行玻璃和下滑的物体 。 "
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部大规模的景观范围主要由平原和板块组成 , 全国中心的宏观角度是一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的压力 , 微型电脑锁定了所有其他地板的芯片门 , 设置回收容器转换直到右键盒下 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	干旱早期以早稻为原料 , 干燥类型的成熟度较为严重 , 其强度和时间超过正常年类型 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	品牌酒店拥有荣幸与韩国长、高级副总裁、泰吉尔酒店的销售和市场 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国很高兴宣布 , 它已经达到了参与党级的协议 , 以及赞美玩家和阿德姆·ljajeic , 加入俱乐部 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我走过开发国家时 , 问自己是经济性能的最大的单一解释 , 它落在这个领域 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前已完成了许多工程外包框架 , 但对此框架的设计方法有很少的研究 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是 , 在夏季的冬天和冷却情况下 , 由气体直接燃烧 , 气体吸收式气体吸收式冷却器使用自然气体 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	身体位置我结束了 , 当你服务时 , 我的接触点的时候 , 随着火箭和火箭之间 , 我的身体位置非常相似 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	采用扫描电子显微镜对l929细胞的培养及其生物相容观察 , 实现了l929细胞 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚洲大学的精神意味着不同时期的不同意义 , 但秦明的发展中华文化的诺贝始终在其中 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	陶瓷是一种在细胞膜中发现的脂肪类型 , 而且它们也作为身体应力响应的信号 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司已经建立了它的现金水平到60.9亿美元 , 其中包括股权和其他投资 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据《政治家和公众》报道 , 官方失业率在8月份 , 收集了9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例手术切除术前针刺激性胆管病理诊断结果进行比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然几何形态的景观 , 由人类作为旅游资源开发 , 我们称为旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角度:它变成绿色 , 因为soda水含有碱性的水 , 就像soda水 , 可以转化为绿色 , 被称为碱性物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着舞蹈的发展 , 随着社会的开放 , 永久剧院的发展 , 唐代和永久的战争变得越来越频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是脚板类型结构 , 舒适 , 方便 , 可明显降低骑兵的劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食物很容易引起全面的感觉 , 通常会满足对客体吸收的影响 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他从温州到9月21日到美国 , 离开了15亿元的债务 , 两国银行和个人信用者 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心表示 , 地震震测量了3.8的丰富范围 , 约80公里的西南部的80公里 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机最终推出时 , 他的酒丸和腹部组织被从身体上升 , 他死于阿布兹杀死了什么 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	这种 " 金属碎石油、化学、药物、食物、存储和运输等行业广泛应用于石油、化学、化学、化学、化学、药物、药物、食物等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求程序totools设置的标准程序要求系统提供程序设置的标准程序设置 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	这个课程要求基本问题如何是自然化的电荷 , 为什么我们不能找到一个孤立的磁北或南极呢 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 6月7日 , 6月7日 , 在巴拉特里亚海岸的深水水里 , 一个死的涡轮飞往巴拉特亚海岸 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论白细胞cd18水平和mpo增加 , 在大鼠岛损伤过程中 , 白细胞增加和白细胞数量减少 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计将在150个年轻人领导到阿富汗警察培训任务 , 进一步从主要中西洋国家的150个进一步发展 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持omc实施是欧盟实际选择的 , 尽管不够帮助欧盟实现健康保健整合 , 但欧盟不足以实现自己的弱点 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文由五章组成:第一章和两章介绍了vor的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们背上 , 随着时间走到了 , 当我们看到它时 , 所有神秘的神秘保护 , 从基础上看到的辐射到底部 ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	自从10年来 , 由于rgs进入了 , 大约有10个高产率 , 品质水稻品种多样 , 带来了巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类广告 , 在印刷和网上 , 看看到什么可用 , 以及在一个特定的邻居中 , 获得最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	最近 , 在一个独特的航空实验中 , 最近170个航空炸弹727号被制成在墨西哥南部的一个遥远的一部分地方 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我在试验初告诉判断者 , 我们通常必须在每个日常生活中跳到结论 , 因为这次试验的目的 , 现在悬挂了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	实际上 , 这是我描述在这里的平衡 , 是一个参与的意义的平衡 , 它是通过parllifififtre设计的 , 由于权力设计的 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了fog成像的多分散模型 , 并给出了fog的fog含量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	由于具有良好的繁殖和遗传系统 , 作为一种完整的国内化的昆虫 , 被认为是一种理想的模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机返回1500英尺的飞机 , 在500英尺飞机 , 修改我飞机的飞机 , 我在500英尺左右飞机 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者不要做出什麽决策 , 比如把所有的低风险的政府债券 , 以便把绿色纸包裹在一分钟内 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他年轻的时候 , 劳伦斯基斯通常与他父亲在政治和宗教上讲话 , 但他也承认他爸的承诺帮助贫穷和无家的帮助 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果 , 大多数的性能 , 城市都能从事实上获得10个男人 , 直到第二个目标进入 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该把这些iphone类似 , 触摸屏屏幕电话和视频 , 真正的浏览器 , 邮件 , 传感器 , 以及上面 , 应用程序存储 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果 , 自动旋转km-5000d微震系统包括三个零件:微切割系统 , 双电子动态装置和控制板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方工作的印象 , 盖茨基金会决定采用预防和外部的模型 , 并在12个省复制它 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管美国错误 , 英国在本月早些时候 , 法国 , 德国和意大利迅速接受 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	但另一方面 , 随着贸易的增加 , 产业贸易的增加 , 由多国公司带来的贸易有积极的影响 , fdi对贸易有积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动图表将显示投资者如何在购买更多微软选项时 , 或者持有一些中国股票 , 或者短期石油价格 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和他们的病人一直担心罗斯坦酮的心血管安全性 , 由于新英格兰医学记者的冶金分析报告 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	当袭击时 , 一些昆虫类包括熊和凯蒂斯活跃地埋藏时 , 这些极端措施的好处并不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民事应用中发现广泛应用 。 介绍了飞机的irst系统 , 以及其应用例子 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 根据中国规定 , 给出了灰色、灰色水泥和混凝土厚度 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	周二 , 能源价格很容易 , 油价每桶134.01美元 , 每桶4.078美元 , 气价格在4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	尽管它的主人缺乏六个要求许可证 , 但它在国有的矿产全面运行了三年的国有财产 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国人来说 , 他们希望从那些国家找到一些东西 , 我们可以学到 , 同时我们可以通过潜在的假设或歧视我们可能得到奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州长会在同一年的时间里 , 梅德维夫因为父亲的日子的第三天宣布了第三个星期三 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	由世界领导国际卫生组织的一份报告称 , 加快联合行动的发展和有效的疟疾疫苗 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面对南方抓住最好的观点 , 并且在下面2.5米以防止玻璃进入房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	设计您的线程安全课程 , 允许它在多线程应用程序中使用 , 作为非线程安全类 , 而且具有较高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	从1979年到199年 , 美国生产力逐渐流动 , 从1979年至1990年至1990年 , 美国生产力逐渐增长1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是 , 研究人员建议 , 如果缺乏趋势继续下降 , 即使在夏季季季季季季蒙古隆月期间 , 就会有更严重的循环 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 文章从反龙背景的背景和课程的背景和课程的研究经验进行分析 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气通过传统真空调节器全部通过工作过程 , 所以它的短暂压缩空气消耗较高 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	民主党 , 比如霍伊先生大幅谴责布什政府的缺陷 , 这种预算继承了预算 , 但离开了赤字 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了在公共互联网上出现的sparql端点外 , 其他人正在出现在火墙后面 , 以便企业数据查询 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据《时报》报道 , 当她在20世纪中期的一名火车律师时 , 乔里·布莱尔 , 总理托尼·布莱尔的妻子 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	战斗者从来没有出现形状 , 或者在距离战争中跑出气体 , 但两者都往往往会在12英尺左右的第二半场比赛 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	结果可以通过数值和图形在开发的软件中显示 , 此外 , 工作界面容易使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	现在可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员验证 , 以便使用您的管理员用户 , 留下wpserverid , 只需使用服务器过程 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvclike模型作为一个例子 , 但您可以利用丰富的web应用背景到任何模型和页面设计方法的基本原理 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能会导致平均每天收入 , 同时 , 很多俱乐部仍然保持良好 , 还有很多俱乐部或减少票价 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视上 , 一位新闻记者声明 , 副总统有史上最大的竞选战争 , 因此奥德森最喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的双向性能 , 设计了一种双向温度控制器 , 具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	尽管在去年 , 福特fserservers是美国最好销售汽车 , 但在2010年最高的十个列表中有六个外国拥有的模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 一个愚蠢不开放蛋或是在释放鸡蛋后释放蛋和甜蜜 , 形成卵巢的囊肿 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们不接受特别的治疗 , 我们只是像其他公司一样 , " 公平场 " , 康纳最近在网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	他面对法国的一项调查 , 他在2003年遭遇了一个年轻的小说家 , 以及纽约的一个民事适合纽约的纽约 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适性是结合系统的最佳风险 , 结合系统的风险比填充式平板操作的时候更低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的是 , 他和他的妻子将在每个月收到600元 , 在忙碌时 , 当生产跑到2点时 , 他们可以每次回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和激励的几个词汇 , 爱 , 爱 , 不过这些词只是在你上面行动的 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论在周五被逮捕了一名尼日利亚人被逮捕了一个小爆炸 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	在过去 , 我们的生产团队已经尝试了许多 " 偶像 " 的风格选择展示 , " 金正在2007年的最佳名字 " 英雄 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们看到他们是相似的事情 , " erik说 , 一位28岁的助理教授 , 参考数学和艺术 , " 他们都是创造性过程 。 "
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的运动提高了规范 , 他可能试图显示反对成员 , 他正在与他们相关的预算和税收政策有关 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一家专业公司给我发送了一个/c的样本 , 我不喜欢那个样本 , 然后把样本送到我的a/c , 然后把样本送到那个公司 , 然后我们做好了很好的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	为了研究儿童rti与血液锌值的关系 , 比较35例无rrti患者的血锌值为40例 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择之后 , 主题将会发现一个银清单: " 用一个破碎的腿 , 我可以在床上看电视 , 自由 。 "
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文采用宁波作为对象 , 详细的调查和探索目前科学和技术资源的现状 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	在交通事故的损失中 , 由非电机车辆的驾驶员或行业人员引起的损失 , 运动车辆的驾驶员不应承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金包装商 " 项目 , 为了更换旧能源工程车辆的购买方案已经广泛应用 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	通过对双共振振振振振振荡光吸收系数的影响 , 分析了信号光的吸收系数不同于同时光的阈值条件 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人访问外国 , 甚至访问香港 , 我们的一部分都很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	支持者在2007年8月15日在卡萨萨斯州的国务院建筑中制造了巨大的不可避免的数字 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	通过计算机仿真方法 , 考察了agw电接触材料的电阻率、w组件和潜在性的影响 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰和美学的传统和美学的传统 , 所以它被称为 " 汉语 " 的名字 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	交通是从洛杉矶到华盛顿的城市 , 就像反华盛顿的一样 , 有些链接着自己的链接 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为一个由多个计算机组成的下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它交换命令和数据采集系统的数据采集系统 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的请求越来越重要 , 对于微波传输设备的性能 , 包括coupler , 分裂器 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	在徐子的历史观点中 , 圣与道之间的关系不仅存在逻辑一致性 , 而且在不同历史阶段具有丰富和多样的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这个允许芝加达与客户请求的颜色发送香蕉 , 这些颜色可以从绿色到深黄色的9个尺寸下降到哪里 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在这里 , 一旦在加工过程中 , 加工的核燃料棒 , 建立了一个普通的纺织厂 , 为了提供自动建设行业 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	阐述了一种高度生殖能力的高度 , 实现了tcb是一种非侵袭性、简单、便于监测和筛选设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	数千英尺的地下 , 晶体的洞穴只是在芝华沙漠附近的一系列的洞穴之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	库普克财富的性能主要表现为隐藏性 , 在赛季中期 , 在比赛kopopck拍摄平均只有36%的36%左右 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	自从最小侵袭手术仍然是 " 主要手术 " 的手术 , 例如心脏攻击、风险甚至死亡的普通复杂都很少 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	蒋江 , 深兴县位于明晚清初期 , 清初时期 , 佛教名字是香港 , 是新南艺术学校的一名作家 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了纳米胶囊的知识化规范原理 , 建立了理想的热吸附模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学 , 程序 , 计算机 , 系统管理 , 正确的作为我们目标的最佳产品 , 完成质量的程序满足客户 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山金矿是我国第一大艰难的岩石矿 , 采用机械上升的水平滑动阻止填充方法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	在数据库表的所有值中 , 通过用户提供相同的密码 , 同样的加密算法 , 以及相同的cipad模式 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	拍摄电影 , 由巴布朗美国特色的8个世界级旅馆 , 8个超级国家 , 1个全国 , 总部wannabe和一只鸭子 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	逆向弯曲形式的拱形弯曲 , 轻轻轻地传递 , 连续玻璃包装 , 环绕着...
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	阐述了宝钢制造的品质、品质、品质、品种和问题 , 提出了制造的家庭设备的制造过程 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	自由主义 , 二十世纪早期的运动 , 拒绝整个机构 , 试图通过强调机器和电影解决当代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	劳动合同制度的前部 , " 劳动合同制度离开了许多问题 , " 第五个要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同提供有效的时间 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品、个人数字辅助器、观看器、各种仪器、办公机、电脑、汽车电玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它的原本意义是 , 狐狸借老虎的肥胖借鉴了其他动物的肥胖 , 其延伸意义是由某人影响的虚拟而导致人们 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马谷歌复合药物的心脏保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	例如 , 建立了水电工程 , 为铝电解厂提供了大量的电化工程 , 为铝电解厂提供了电化工提供了大量的电力 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	它是用来吸烟烟烟烟叶的类型 , 吸烟量和烟雾暴露量的烟雾暴露 , 使烟叶变得消灭了烟叶 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们重点关注指标和搜索器的设计 , 基于多层分区策略 , 提出了一种基于我们的新型指标分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨数学运动对大脑的功能活动的影响 , 比较前后的血流变化 , 以及免费的爱迪亚的rpd恢复后 , 探讨血流变化的影响 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	给出了多变量预测极限信号自动控制回收算法的稳定性和全球转换性能 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种制造一种平板热管的方法 , 包括以下步骤:提供上覆板和下覆板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	在那座庙里的主要建筑是大厦 , 大厦 , 屋顶 , 楼顶 , 楼梯 , 楼梯 " 中晚 " 的第一楼 , 地板第一楼 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于沥青混凝土材料的温度依赖于自然性质 , 测量的防御 , 因此通过温度变化的结构能力 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年 , 吴国在上海战略目标和国际地位和国际地位的战略目标 , 作为人口理性大小的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	采用氨基亚合成气相替纯氢气 , 可以直接制备脂肪氮的脂肪序列 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同时 , 学者思想:itch成为基本意识的基本上 , 是通过对浅层皮肤的边界感官经验的边界感觉经验 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 该系统可以使用软件或硬件来处理紧急事件 , 例如给出违规、权力、停止调度等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是合适经济的重要手段 , 税收制度和税收行政的安排对非稳定企业的发展具有重要意义 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	根据liftport说 , 如果瑞伯隆被封闭 , 那么顶部将会在大气中燃烧 , 而底部将会飞到地面 " 的力量 " 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	由于在德国核反应堆最终被关闭的核反应堆的时候 , 这个示威来临一天 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	应用隐喻理论 , 家庭的道德体系和当代美国政治学的理论 , 对总统的竞选演讲详细的意义进行研究 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	事件人指出 , 两家公司现在将在更低的利润销售 , 期望这个市场共享 , 并依赖于高利润游戏的应用 , 获得利益 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 德国 , 由于世界上最快的生长疾病负担 , 今天 , 许多地区自由疾病的病例报道 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫利亚社会调查的一项调查显示 , 约70%的关注时期都没有发表到gp , 一个600名女性年龄1645岁的调查 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会遇到转换xml数据的任务转换为xhtml , 以便提供一个吸引性、互动性和可用的接口 , 以及移动用户和各种web浏览器 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	就像一位救生职业护理人员或财务规划人员一样 , 正确的建议可以帮助你建立一个固体基础 , 以及一旦你打开你的门 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢现在的奥运会 , " 奥运会 , 作为下一代人类的太空飞机 , 被一些纳萨工程师描述为 " 阿波罗id " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	进入我们的小时完全失败工作平衡 , 导致你失去爱人的时候 , 而且更多的是 , 导致你失去睡眠的小时 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在英国传奇中 , 假日庆祝了来自英国的库尔德的传奇 , 看来它是英国的另一个表现支持 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	首先 , 乘客在同样的价格上直接为同样的价格 , 为了免费 , 教练乘客支付6美元去通道 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动力越来越多 , 现在比如越南这样的地方更昂贵 , 为什么我们在那些廉价国家制造的努力 。
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选择了适宜的加固方法 , 比较各种加固方案 , 如注射根桩、非滑桩、锚杆等 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是 , 他的辞职可能被接受 , 但没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫官员告诉金融时报道 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文综合利用图像处理中多尺寸波分解和san操作器 , 然后在图像处理中得到的位置迅速获得特征点 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	根据工作平台的一项新的研究 , 一个 " 坏苹果 " 可以扩展负面行为 , 就像病毒带来了办公室或毁灭良好的团队 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 这都是关于产品开发能力的 , " 日本第三个社会网络操作官yoshikazzu谭卡aaaaaaaaaaa的首席执行官 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还送了奥尔菲亚的照片 , 告诉我关于职业者或者 " 妈妈 " 的照片 , 因为他们被称为为 " 年轻的海地女性 , 几乎是自己的家庭 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	在这里 , 我想要警告所有的亲戚和人们密切接近我 , 这些服务将使用所有的意思来杀死 , 并且试图杀死我 , 社会或专业 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	然而 , 很快就从雨林转移 , 就像气候变化和有机农业这样的问题 , 现在亚马逊在1980年代就消失了相同的速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	本公司说 , 可以提高这样的大圆 , 因为可编程逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利的部分 , 与65%的grooss标准 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第一十四条政府可能要求通信企业采取必要的紧急措施 , 为自然灾难事件或紧急事件事件发生必要的紧急措施 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他专注于公司已经允许用户通过音乐玩家应用程序和第三方开发人员做的音乐家页面 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生发现全职工作作为劳动者 , 他的妻子拿了一份时间工作 , 看着家庭两个孩子 , 一个女儿刘江和他们的年轻儿子刘江 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	尽管如此 , 利物浦的高级列车比杭 , 他负责接受战争记忆捐赠给博物馆 , 但没有人知道 , 唐南是没有人知道的 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	有一个全局文件来更新意味着头疼 , 只要记住在添加或删除用户时 , 就会把它放到所有盒子上 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	根据我们的关键词建议 , 我们购买了几个关键词url , 因为每个url中有100美元到4000美元 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何从websphere环境获得信息 , 但如何将信息传递到监视工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	本文重点建立了一种合理的数据结构 , 实现了固体建模的基本功能 , 如旋转、zoom、pan和部分视图等 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	医生环 , 81岁的福特集团 , 科罗拉多 , 看到丹佛投资足球体育场的最后一轮椅里的演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	一项开发 , 特别兴奋的是 , 使用伍尔夫拉姆·阿尔法的能力理解和计算自然语言查询来创建数学程序 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一位年轻的婚姻女士 , 在一个孤立的农场和她的技能 , 一天 , 她突然感觉到她的沟通 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者预计在工作文化、接触、接触、编写应用程序和学习专业协会的6090分钟 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它移动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军船和一艘航空船的检索运行 , 工作人员在120英里半径中运行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	卡萨斯 , 内扎拉 , 一架飞机携带51名飞机 , 周一在内塞拉 , 官员称 , 至少有14名死亡的时候 , 至少有333个生存 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	一个由国家的破坏数量显示 , 当局正在寻求7590名中国、50名美国人、4020名马来西亚人和3470名英国人 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好看起来 , 女人看起来就像 " 男人 " 的机会 , 沿着科罗拉多大学的科罗拉多的商学院学习 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安德里亚·普罗早些时候 , 被防御墙带来了一场自由的冲击 , 而克拉斯的种子和crp两个机会在防御中受到了半机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京北京发现的第一个记录是北京第一次记录的第一个记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	英国王子威廉姆将于2012年结婚他的长期女友凯特·米德尔顿 , 在伦敦奥林匹克举行的报道上 , 英国王子威廉姆将于2012年结婚 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件设置使用ots6.ntf模板时 , 它继承该模板中所有的设计元素 , 并且继承共享形式文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 采用两步法制备的薄板塑料 , 主要采用htma , 这种过程将由htma发布氨基 , 它将会腐蚀铜或bras零件 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是 , 特别是石油到达的时候 , 克拉珀铁路的高度依赖于火星的标志 , 包括火箭的火箭 , 其中一个饮食状态 , 而且他们现在就会在这里去 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	" 政府表示 , 所有的事情都是好的 , " 阿尔克拉·沃纳说 , 31岁的候选人 , 俄罗斯艾滋病组织是基于圣彼得堡的 。
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们发现 , 没有一类药物被喷洒 , " a线计划 " , 里普尔药物部长阿普林药物部长说 , " 这并不仅仅仅是主要药物 。
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	cb2的神经生物量与神经元素含量有良好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试完成率 , 综述了2008年1月和209年2月在艾滋病毒病毒的所有临床病人记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	在中国的一个精确的青少年是一个难以置信的任务 , 他们在城市里离开了他们的官方地址 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	针对深圳市市市市市市市市市市市城市交通控制系统 , 提出了实现原理和实际运行方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	采用有机磷酸盐 , 改进了machlachite绿色法 , 形成了一种稳定的色彩复杂的有机磷酸盐 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页的总长度 , 学校委员会授予的120多名医生奖 , 决定是平衡主义 , 二分之二没有指出生物学 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	昨天 , 澳大利亚和美国科学家在一份报告发布的报告中发现 , 年轻的爸、澳大利亚和美国科学家的孩子们的信仰很少 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	应用于wmtc测试周期的评价标准 , 研究了wmtc测试周期与ftp、ece发射测试周期的危险特征及其差异 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	《女性叙事》是由作家的性别决定的 , 表现女性叙事主义的女性叙事 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁抗磁装置的机理、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一种来源 , 我们可以找到巴西个人生活经验、宗教情绪和外国文学遗产影响的清晰人文情绪 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的辐射检查显示 , 在对照组中 , 经过4周后 , 粒子观察显示了大量的骨髓瘤 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	沃尔斯哈德里尔说: " 所有的泡沫都从拉里和所有的橡胶扔下了切割和复合物 , 就像在一个秘密坦克里 , " 沃尔兰德里说 。
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	设计了50l小说生物反应堆名为fus50l , 根据该原理 , 建立了数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	利用2007年版本研究版本的营养资料 , 利用糖尿病测量 , 测量返回猪肉的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	其他普通银行有较低的股票 , 根据scapio合作资料 , 咨询 , 在hsbc的私营银行只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据popsugar说 , 我们将看到约翰市长和詹妮弗·安妮弗·安妮弗·安妮弗·安东顿在周日在奥斯卡尔举行的红色图片 , 二月22日 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后给出了相应的通信倾向 , 高文本和低文通信 , 给出了对解释活动的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和凯尔洛在索纳塔 , 一个18世纪的钢琴索纳塔与一个仪器的奥巴马联系的钢琴索纳塔相比 , 与18世纪的混乱相当平等 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	布利亚特 , 伊斯坦和威特 , 他在传统共和党中赢得了选举 , 并成功成为一个活动主义 , 进步政府 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	koller受到印象 , 虽然它可能在眼睛操作和两个月后试图出来 , 首先在动物上 , 然后用完整成功的眼睛 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价20型糖尿病患者和30例健康控制组中p300的诊断价值 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 这些障碍和家庭图像每天晚上都有很多关心 , 因为它是一个宫殿墙上的一个法庭美容的文件 ;
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过分析非船舶开发载体的基本特征 , 提出了其识别和其对船舶的可靠性 , 以及其在货物等方面的限制 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和我第二个兄弟到阿华达 , 有些热情的朋友通过印刷和发布 , 把我送给我 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当企业提交一个企业收入税收返回时 , 财务报告和其他相关资料应依照相关规定附加 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些指标表明 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是某些原生性肿瘤的重要因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几个研究表明 , 低和中级执行官显示了许多应力症状 , 如溃疡 , 血压 , 紧张 , 烧伤等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡肉和棕米干旱猫 , 只有五个纯洁的成分和简单的成分满足特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	本片提名了柏林金山1999年的奖励 , 但毁灭了美国最终强劲的电影 " 的红色 " 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型显示了预测的高技能 , 实现了一种可实现的方法 , 预测短期地区气候 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	抗war地面威尔带来了数千个反演员 , 其中包括2 , 000名在错误sipspi附近的国家队长 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检测中心位于工厂的质量检测和检测中心 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	在埃及地区的埃及教徒希尔格利克寺庙里 , 全文在埃及地区的埃及教堂里 , 寺庙里的拉姆斯寺庙 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据wanjiagou水库设计 , 阐述了一种特殊的问题和解决方法在设计和建筑中的建筑方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	从室内测试中获得的大坝材料的可信动态参数是地震坝动力学分析的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验 , 如果安德罗斯市场是苹果商店 , 或者探索许多特性和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	研究了两缸同步与准确定向量的液压系统 , 设计了可满足要求的同步系统的同步系统 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数的年度增长率仍然在负债23.9%下降 , 前周的数字从负债24.1%下降了24.1% 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、线、丝、木材、木材、合成纤维 , 混合 , 服装 , 其他类型服装和清洁 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间尺寸空间数据的组织框架 , 建立了基于多空间尺寸数据的数据访问特性 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索和解决adsl线故障时 , 用户访问网络时 , 我们介绍了一种aadsl故障检测我ng仪器的广告故障 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	在快速交换过程的平衡之后 , 通过不同动力学方程的方法 , 可以作为单一交换中心系统的缓慢交换过程 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	本论文是从数字化数据收集的 , 由先进的空间热排放和反射辐射器在nasa的射线卫星上采集的 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种关闭式环境风力导航装置 , 属于能源电源的技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	河湖是一种古代时代的互助援助 , 传统的必要基金 , 总是组织在金属和邻居之间 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨手术指标、手术方法、手术方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在根廷的指导下 , 被誉的咳嗽专利火焰制造公司雇佣了天赋的机械和工程师 , 继续创新燃料开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	这位19岁的阿罗德是他在20岁的国家的一个规律 , 是利物浦第二个字符串的第二个字符串地点的关键演员 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	周围延伸不断扩展 , 所有的颜色都离开 , 云绿和棕色 , 与天空融入一个遥远的绿色 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	中国2008年夏季奥运会在北京和周围地区建立的大规模运动设施之一 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是 , 韩先生被冲击平等的冲击 , 新锤子被无穷的山羊排斥 , 以及三国政治的增长 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国的食品安全分析单位和一些著名的警告项目称 , 南方索马里亚南部的污染是越来越糟糕的 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	关注eobject的脚印实现也注意到 , 一些客户机使用它实现超过60%的下降 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc说 , 法国alps的玻璃器在过去四十年里失去了他们的地区 , 根据科学家svoie大学的研究 , 法国alps已经失去了四分之一 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样、统计意义和统计意义的基础 , 将帮助您理解的可能性 , 更好了解和解释结果的意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国王子德国王子 , 皇帝威廉i的儿子 , 他命令德国军队在威廉·威廉·伊战争的战斗中 , 并在全球战争中宣布了冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	网页必须在b/s模型基于b/s模型的桥梁卫生监测系统中显示大量实时数据 , 经常更新页面的实时数据 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新站点混凝土曝光表面 , 随着塑料和热保温材料覆盖的塑料 , ( hscmt条件维护 , 混凝土不得水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在本地报纸中 , 9/2/02的本地纸上 , 有一篇文章 , 由托尼德里德报纸引入的 " 医生关闭了药品销售 " 的医生 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们的前锋米克尔·米克尔·福塞尔指出 , 他可以在开放的四分之内做什么 , 布鲁斯很高兴把他带回双明翰线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	本发明采用先进的双向卡路阀门系统和进口的电泵技术 , 实现了双闭环控制压力和流速的双闭环控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了基于mcgs配置软件和siemens7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的控制系统 。
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素分泌在胰腺癌的一部分被称为 " 腹部 " 是一个复杂的过程 , 如果不能正确地诱导糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	孙子佛在灵林山大佛山南南部 , 江苏省江西南部小林山地区的孙子佛山 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这是为什么我选择 " 美国学校 " 公民教育 , 作为我国研究领域的研究方法 , 采用文学聚集和比较方法 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节 , 米兰热和丹·波德将在克莱维兰队员和莱昂·詹姆斯在联赛两名最佳球员中获得比赛 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这是为什么web设计者 , 以及他们的密码 , 班纳 , 头部和四个设计师 , 可以收到50美元的web页面头 , 以及一个完整的集 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	文章通过本文的研究 , 得到了应用条件和解决问题的研究 , 并给出了可用于武术艺术的应用提供参考 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 企业人力资本的价值主要是从会计角度测量人力资本的价值 , 经营人力资本的评估很少 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文提出了一种基于rsd的信任区域的算法 , 解决了rsd的最大问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	葡萄牙是烹饪岛屿 , 或太平洋岛最受全球变暖的威胁 , 它们很快就不会失望 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳yirui电子科技有限公司是一家专业led制造商 , 2006年成立的生产、销售和服务 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥·费德南德和将错过中场的访问 , 周一在英国体育馆遭受了一场战争后 , 在英国体育场遭遇了一场战争 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	范戈格在巴黎187年绘制了 " 草坪 " 的位置 , 它在荷兰东部城市的克罗尔默尔博物馆 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目标是确定15个体重男性葡萄糖的急性咖啡、染色素酸和三角素对葡萄糖的耐药效果 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际观点来看 , 消费者价值流行福利 , 所以更好的市场访问可以通过生产者确保他们的浮动中有好的福利 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	格林斯坦先生保持中国和其他因素在全球范围内的发展 , 不仅在美国的房地产增长到全球的房屋 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	基于工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群的一种新型空间经济方式 , 不同于市场和层次系统 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 所有的甜蜜都把她的甜点放到湖边 , 滑进了湖边 , 所以那么愚蠢 , 我最亲爱的 , 你和我丢掉了 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 查尔先生的移动将会增加奥巴马先生的机会通过国会来获得自己的国会 , 增加自己的自由能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年 , 新西兰向我来见面一张纸灯 , 那些在最近一次清洁的南京圣庙里发生了同样的事情 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	那些美丽的承诺 , 那些喜欢的笑容 , 这就像阳光一样温暖 , 在我右手中间的曲线慢慢慢地冻结了曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先逆转是一种现象 , 因为它们使用相同的时代系统中 , 更高的优先任务被低级任务阻止 , 因为它们使用相同的共享源 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 计算了由计算机数值控制和位置跟踪误差矢量计算机的工具位置点和工具位置跟踪误差 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	它实现了在狭窄的区域的理性布局 , 利用废弃的材料和整体建筑站点分配在龙坦水力站 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强实践教学 , 注重学生培养的思想和创新能力 , 使学生培养的能力得到了明显的成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度变化是由整个自然的海周期流动影响热传输模式的影响 , 影响热带的热传输模式 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福希的解释无疑地降低了张家的小瑜伽 , 从天和地球的真实到儒家人类关注 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些更大的浓度对蓝钛的不幸副作用极为危险 , 使得晶体极为危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司处理图像处理其他婚礼摄影师 , 同时也教他们使用光室2 , 这样他们可以节省时间和更小的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了peuniehyida的组织文化和dna水平 , 并讨论了由组织产生的dna变化种子的dna水平 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	其大学成立于575年 , 是理论、科学和医学研究的一所通知中心 。 人口04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	我临床试验表明 , 米夫210行政对健康志愿者具有良好的生物可用性 , 实现高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	采用30种不同类型的稻米品种和混合物混合物 , 研究了不同稻米品种和混合物产率的相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用中心表达理论和正常形式 , 分析了地图的局部编码两个分布 , 分析了与霍普福克相关的两个分布情况 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	银行员工涉及印度的tunami恢复说 , 政府的计划 , 社区的重建是自然灾难反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 西安的父亲玛丽安说 , 是一家混乱的景观植物和树林生长在繁殖城市里 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指标或主要关键字段来选择q应用程序使用的关键列 , 以确定复制行和正确订单交易 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	然而 , 伟大的灵魂被困难的自然 , 阿拉吉亚 , 向我带来了解 , 把我当作所有创造的原始 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚上 , 国际原子能机构宣布 , 日本已经加入了第三种植物 , 因为辐射已经在墙壁外被检测 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出 " 现状 " 不仅是我国晚期发展的重要阶段 , 也是他对理论基础的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	yanovchomsky指出 , 气体供应的多样化也增加 , 使自然气体出口的实现变得更灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统很容易安装和操作 , 但由于有限的能力 , 它不能满足大规模的泡沫项目的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	除了让他明星球员力量移动 , 弗格森提醒了罗尼教授在加拿大 , 罗斯 , 凯恩和戴维·贝克汉姆 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	正如约翰.弗和罗伯特·肯尼迪在1969年结束的故事结束 , 爱迪现在看到的是肯尼迪 , 作为深入的智力的男人 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣给他作为天堂之前 , 耶稣给自己作为一个牺牲者 , 无法追求自己的幸福 , 但对于地球上人类的益处 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社会责任可以帮助增加客户的反应吗 ? 如果这样 , 那么 , 机制和研究是怎样回答这些问题 。
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利物菲尔德说 , 他在一月份警告的问题 , 希望该公司在1月发布了一组四分安全pachechechechechechecheche的时候 , 公司将在1月份固定 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	另外 , 几百万 , 就像他最初建议的那样 , 这门门门都会有10%的财富 , 比如数百万 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 玩家 " 杂志创始人hghhefner表示 , 他正在考虑结婚女朋友晶体危机 , 年龄24岁 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	通过建立目标运动模型和动力杀死车辆的动力学模型 , 给出了概念的约束 , 并给出了轨道传输的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金安也著名于春天城市 , 大量的太阳流下北部 , 城市地区的喷泉和形成了许多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两岁的时候 , 让他们欢迎 , 就像他们一样 , 所以他们都与他们的心都表示了他们在青年里做了他们的姐妹 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们在危险时 , 触摸到山谷或山谷的时候 , 就算通过信号非常坏 , 警察可以知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	今天 , 重复生活后 , 我们使用小头部适合许多概念 , 意义 , 公式...但这是充满了痛苦和笑声背后的痛苦和泪水 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	这个点 , 巴菲特在中国所有的外表都重复在中国 , 是通过查询斯坦福德 , 试图在音乐中做一个同样的事情 , 他正在做同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	这种值可能是不同的依赖于线性和成形温度的制造商 , 所以我们建议基于特定要求的计算值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	吸收和扫描红外的烟屏幕 , 重重视引导头的能量 , 然后减少导弹拍摄的可能性 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文以小组字符识别为焦点 , 基于keleton图形的基础 , 定义了中国字符作为一组分离式循环和组件 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被视为现代艺术的一个重要人物 , 由于他的智能绘画理论 , 由于他的智能绘画理论 , 成为现代艺术的重要人物 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	王元泉 , 北京的frost和sullivan的首席顾问王元泉告诉ap说 , 宣布是一个潜在的警告 , 太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正在感受中国竞争的热情 , 它的经济正在沿着1980年末以来最快的三年的增长 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高层和低层建筑的原因和预防措施 , 指出了利用曲线建筑的特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我不会看到下两年里的任何变化 , " 约翰·交易说 , 一个50岁的个人投资者 , 卡尔if工作的个人投资者 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾经看过过过的最伟大的老师 , 他不能看到的努力 , 让学生看起来像是一个简单的、语言对话 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	扫描4提供了超过一组熟悉的字符 , 在恐怖电影设置和转换自我参考一线器作为身体数量的数量 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另一方面的问题是 , 越来越多电视的政府进程 , 更好的是 , 它假设人们在广播时看到的过程 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到24月24日 , 当美国航空军向克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克思竞争向波明律师举行了强烈的机会 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新闻或传统媒体的大师 , 有些宗教领导人 , 一些是政府的高级官员 , 他们的能力是全球影响力的 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师建议使用快速的公共交通方式快速运输方式 , 提高自行车和行业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个老式的系统可能会存储 " 狗 " 的 " 狗 " 的词汇 , 更广泛的 " 哺乳动物 " 和狭窄的词汇 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在丁谦的眼睛中 , 吴明是高、手工年轻 , 小心谈话 , 工作 , 接受强烈、快速思考、实践努力 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	另外 , 从统一的用户输入运行时 , 连接字符串可以导致输入的输入 , 导致数据源的jjoopard化安全 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着辩论继续 , 唐金先生需要把事实放在美国 , 尤其是在1970年代以来 , 普通人看到他们的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎您的友好学校社区 , 同学们对所有学生的学习都很成功 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是 , 总是从你的工资中付出自己 , 然后给你的信用者 , 在那个单一行动中 , 你告诉宇宙 , 为什么要求更多 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前 , 在建设中 , 矿井估计含有4000万吨铜和4600万盎司金 , 应该在2012年开始运行 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	因此 , 德罗斯·罗斯小孩原本设置了28年4月28日的发射日期 , 当亨利尔达赫尔在他在太平洋的漫画旅行时 , 德罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·罗斯·鲁斯德原本在太平洋上 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 纤维宏观的渗透率和渗透指数可以提高淋巴细胞的变化 , 可由xin的粒子增加 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还注意到 , 当寻求解决方案时 , 等于考虑的时候 , 应该对韩国刑事诉讼 , 解决了dprk的安全关注 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:采用178例正常对21例患者进行抑郁症和178例正常控制 , 测量家庭动态问卷和家庭环境规模版本 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要的业务利润是负责、股东和用户的一个重要指标 , 是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	分析和探索以ssh6700光线地板为基础 , 提出了ssh6700光线地板的断裂现象 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了水文绿色空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保水文绿色空间的需求和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业生的研究 , 他们可以获得更高的社会地位的机会或政治部门的机会 , 获得更高的社会地位 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	在作家的眼睛美丽的眼睛里 , 一个老的 , 吸收了野心 , 在作家的眼睛里 , 它保持了几代世界生活 , 解释了世界的努力呢 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 许多研究发现 , 社会科学主要成功的研究发现 , 比那些有技术培训或预防专业课程的人更加成功 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临着从市场和银行的双重限制 , 导致银行贷款的困难 , 在提高资本短缺的工作资本的缺陷 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	介绍了在循环氧化单元应用煤炭分离和创新的废物碱分离的解决方案 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的恢复角落 , 黑衣服艺术地灯是藏身和珊瑚的单个人sofa和脚步 , 把个人的好地方放在一起 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽妮特雪登:希望你可以建立一个国际jci标准医院 , 让所有的母亲和婴都能在同一个世界上获得最好的医疗保健和婴儿 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计将在30个季度最后的第一领域收入psveindhoven后 , 将提供切尔西 , 最后与mersysids提供切尔西的机会 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会由三个或五个人组成 , 执行官任命 , 以及拍卖人和调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	yago贷款到巴黎 , 塞尔吉奥伯纳多·贝尔蒙后 , 另一位巴黎 , 它是年轻的西班牙球员silva频率 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的第六次会议使一系列和谐文化建设成为当前和谐文化建设的整个整体和具体范围 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为了做此 , 使用发现实用来定位并回顾所有的文件 , 在过去某些时间期间 , 或者在过去的任何日期或分段 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据北京矿业北京矿业的潜艇软岩支持工程 , 阐述了用户支持和路径交互作用的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用trypan蓝染色排泄试验、7690xu荧光染料染色试验和透射电镜对细胞生长和分化进行了分析 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna内部表面吸附性 , 采用pvcc作为主要原料的主要原料 , 探讨hcvcrna的吸附性 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	采用有限元软件 , 建立了双轮铸造的固化模型 , 采用有限元件软件模拟了条纹铸造的固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcur&d部门 , 工作将在特殊的22个文献奖金杂志上发表 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水面的变化下降 , 水面的相对湿度随地面表面增加 , 阳光小时减少和风速减少 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	经过wilburl.scaoville后 , 美国科学家 , 1912年开发了一个测量capsaicin的测试 , 创造了基督的热量的化学水平 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖升高到某些程度时 , 饱和的中央问题障碍信号时 , 如果所有营养物都会减少自行的产品 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	然后 , 在这里 , 在我手里 , 我很重兴奋 , 我把握在我手里 , 我的一只蜡烛放在那里 , 就站在我的妻子里 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每个人都有十个手指留下了一个不同的印象 , 皮肤的弹性使它都不可能留下同样的指纹印象两倍 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游行业副主任西洋 , 北京旅游管理局副主任说 , " 今年7月份全家垃圾旅馆的书籍销售率增加了5月的一% 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放比较低 , 因为很多丰富的河系饲料足够的氢能产生器提供了70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	设计了采用浮动mos设计的dlatch和dfffliploppplopppppp流电路 , 为了引入dfflipflopfpflopppppppppppppppppppflopppppppppppppppppppppp
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	每年下午100英寸的雨水每年下降 , 奥运国家公园 , 永远绿色的树在那里填满了奥运山谷 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超级混合蛋白质因子实际上是原始艺术中抗原的替代剂 , 具有目标功能 , 是一种新的前瞻性介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	例如 , 项目管理是一个小心的计划和组织努力完成一个特定的一次努力 , 例如 , 建立一个建筑或实现一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	利用spore污染分析、扫描电镜和c14等测试 , 定义了混合层的地质原因及其分布特征 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人们想正确地理解三大营养 , 这些三大营养都注意力 , 首先控制动物主义 , 随着年龄的增加 , 随着年龄的增加而减少 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了使朋友 , 朋友 , 印度的心脏 , 帮助手 , 自从合作 , 共同利益 , 创造更好的明天 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国已进入巴基斯坦合作 , 在新疆西部的巴基斯坦和阿富汗西部的穆斯林保险区 , 中国已经进入了巴基斯坦 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀被用来把气体流进粗糙的线中 , 防止管道和容器的流动 , 尤其是在真空安装中进行污染 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品容易也可以用来描述一个较少的有限的症状收集 , 一些人在消费某些食物的某些食物 , 没有明确的基础上没有明确的食物 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	实际上 , 物理化学物理化学实验中有机化学物理化学物理化学物理化学的沸腾点升高 , 实际上 , 它们是不同原理 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	锁运行绿色是悬浮桥段运行的专业设备 , 主要有两种赢类型和液压软件类型 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家宝会见到了古雅亚总理萨米尔在访问中国的大部分工作 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应当是自然和冲突现实 , 分析了人民的陪审选、培训、法律实施和监督 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	在此基础上 , 本文分为九部分 , 分为 " 原始文本 " 、 " 文本研究 " 和 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了采用efe矩阵法的变换方案 , 探讨了该方案的扫描外部环境和计算方案 。
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	工作变得悲伤 , 沃尔兰儿童开始意识到他们父亲是暴力的怪物 , 每天恐惧母亲 , 拒绝喂养他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章详细阐述了中国古典诗歌中特殊语言结构的技术创造、效果和形式主义 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 基于集体身份的理论假设 , 对欧盟身份的理论分别为两个方面:主义和建设主义 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	利用燃烧噪声和有效解决方法 , 研究了二甲醚发动机噪声的噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	天球攻击食品价格已经增加了越来越大的挑战 , 因此 , " 忘记 " 的美国千年发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上以来 , 他和67岁的叔叔在猎物过程中遇到了困难 , 冰浮在他站在那里 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素涉及在自动分泌或帕克里尼时尚的规定中 , 例如氧化、前列腺素和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	尽管过去 , 2004年2月早些时候 , 这些事件相对竞争与正常类型表面的正常英语相比 , 但过去已经描述了各种各样的鳄鱼 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果不能读取数据 , 当您访问它时 , 那么解密钥被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它 , 因为供应商使用自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是谁穿着金和银、绿色的网络 , 让我们穿过他的脚 , 触摸自己忘记自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	依赖于旅游资源的良好条件 , 山西省目前著名于它的复合文化 , 而它的化合物的竞争开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常是布利顿的书籍 , 允许孩子们为自己旅行和烹饪 , 访问魔术的地方或解决神秘的神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	高粘性聚合衍生过程的一个关键问题是开发高效质量传输器 , 提高表面再生率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学项目对心脏病患者的心脏病患者不仅是提高知识 , 而且降低了不确定性和抑郁程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果93.3%和总有效率均为93.3% , 其中62.2% , 高于ns和ns还原妊娠组 , 其中62.2% 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	英国的游戏是一个由民事团体鼓励的美国客户 , 以及教堂的交换 , 以及需要收入的游戏提供的需要 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	x12:kilos中的gros重量应该在这里展示 , 其他测量e.g.g的单元 , 或许在定义时使用的项目 , 可以使用它 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	跨越越越越越越越越越越越越深圳国际机场 , 只有一百公里远离广州新宝云国际机场 , 一小时全球速度 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体制的建立 , 国民经济迅速发展 , 增强人类生活标准 , 医学和医疗保健业已迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的第二楼将被透明 , 香港人民的想象和创造力将符合香港人民的想象和创造力 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说 , 萨格解释为什么他挑选我: " 玩家可以有很好的技能 , 但他才能做不到自己 , 如果他不能使用自己并获得工作 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍了中国纺织品的出口现状 , 尤其是从音量和降低出口价格的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	对于加热玻璃软件的不同规格 , 但我保证干燥质量、加热系统下的质量 , 应该很容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	这种不同的来源作为当地美国人、俄罗德夫·史蒂尔和我们的朋友对地球合适的和谐作用有影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	二十三个现有的夫妇属于人最好的张家的妻子和幽默 , 他的政治成员、态度和他的附属于家乡和亲戚 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	土耳其往往是温暖和透明的 , 你的平均乔治亚人似乎更自我保持和储备 , 不完全相似于你平均英国 , 实际上 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	显示了它的影像在试图吸引更少的暴力棕色蜘蛛的注意力 , 这种生物揭示了橙色 , 黄色 , 绿色和蓝色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 我并不会反对吉里姆 , 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 我相信 , 我认为这是无耻的 , 我认为是什么是无耻的 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看见他们的省份与资源保护吗 ? 鱼 , 森林 , 矿物 , 现在的石油 ? 那个外国人从事 , 有时不公平 , 有时只剩下的货物 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校已经开始分开了一些教训的性别 , 说它消除了 " 桃子 " 的效果 , 并且提供了更平等的教师时间的分布 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	在回顾中 , kafka是一名没有人尝试适应kafka的复杂性 , 它在sderbergh的代理实验中获得了soutbergh的复杂性 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界战争后 , 亨利福特和普通汽车的福特和普通汽车的全球制造业从几世纪的欧洲制造导致了欧洲企业进入大众生产的时代 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	波普金教授说 , 美国学校还需要提高营养 , 例如 , 学校可以提供一些人会考虑垃圾食物 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	然而wga西方总统沃格·弗朗在周六晚上告诉300多名作家 , 仅在他们选票后才会结束这次合同之后 , 仅有3000名作家 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	阿莫伊是一家著名的国内移动电话制造企业 , 因为a8 , 一个 " 将跳舞 " 移动电话 , 阿莫伊在2002和2003年获得了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这可能很有效 , 记住在大多数观察者的情况下 , 每个组件都有一个小的听众 , 而且吸收和删除很大 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信念有三个特征 , 如大量的马祖庙、丰富的诗歌 , 与福建商人的活动有关 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这个硅小的性别美元是2016年市场上独特的设计 , 性爱的日本纯洁的女孩 , 女性真正的性恋机器人 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:当时3月3日的时候 , 穆斯塔奇的时候 , 他就会把硅谷发送给圣弗南多谷谷的硅谷 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但我们回答了 , 给他带来了很多电影 , 除了穿着城市 , 然后在11岁的时候 , 他也许会穿过它 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的雇员 , 自治公司的员工 , 以及信息收购类别的两分之二 , 同意 , " 良好的想法已经被我公司准备了 。 "
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条在推动主体物质之后 , 应当注意对象或他的头发或卫生部门 , 除非对象不能定位 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	更多从s&p500家公司获得更多的收入 , 最高的经济指标者将给投资者更多的投资者提供更多的证据 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	基于弹性结构的断裂参数 , 估计了在弹性压力数据前的弹性压力数据 , 研究了水流对弹性结构变化的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察抗水性代理和同步化心脏治疗19例急性结合综合征综合征综合征综合征综合征综合征 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论nickel钛固定和可调节patella骨折减少设备具有较好的疗效 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	建立于2006年 , 深圳siemax电缆技术有限公司是中国建立的 " 结构通信解决方案 " 的领先供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油密封 , 模块橡胶零件 , 硅主机 , 密封 , 灯 , 重责汽车 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人住宅位于北京东城区的东城区 , 是一个传统的 " 西湖 " 类型的住宅中心 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些服装的颜色男性金钱的颜色 , 女性金钱被绑定并不受限制 , 但有相同的重量和复杂 , 艺术触摸是染色的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳市电信技术有限公司是一家研究、开发、生产、销售和服务的专业led屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	描述了植物细胞对植物细胞的影响 , 由于增加高的电静电场 , 通过双分子lipid膜 , 降低微原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsacksack比波罗衬衫更明亮 , 在knapsacksack上看起来很好的线程颜色太黑了 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第九十一条调整的网络资本额 , 未来的委员会不得超过6%的客户端账户总额 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过测定单层或双层的多层弹性丝的测定 , 表明 , 制备的织物的弹性能都可以达到媒体或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动态波湿橡胶的机理、结构特点 , 并对其在硫酸和复合肥料生产中的应用进行了阐述 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但尽管如此 , 尽管如此努力步伐 , 包括上个月的生产 , 上个月的电池工厂 , 政府的反应仍然保持过滤 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	在分析的基础上 , 建立了青岛港口集团整体发展策略 , 最后 , 提出了增强集团竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	另外 , 在sziit监督者的观察方面 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验类的性能更为活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在36周的格林 , 单词到达了婴儿出生后 , 父母同意捐赠婴儿心脏 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司江东工程有限公司的首席介绍是一家专业企业在生产完全少数少数民族特色的工艺工具生产中专业化 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	在插件路由器水平上 , 没有必要维持会话有限制 , 因为会话有限会话将被请求关注到应用程序服务器的时候 , 请求就不需要保持会话 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	接下来一项调查 , 包括回收玻璃、ucco和mable , 建筑师设在石头最佳选择的可能性 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金 , 是一家投资服务 , 中国在线支付商和天中资产管理公司提供的投资服务 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps位置系统包括四个方面的gps区域参考站、gps购买子系统、下水翼、船舶数据处理和控制中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为卢克霍姆的内容非常全面 , 我特别喜欢与前瞻角的故事 , " 路易霍说 , " 中央主任路易·霍说 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:对结合肝脏和肾脏的过程 , 1右肾静脉和2例左肾动脉损伤 , 3例肾脏损伤不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	由多种不同金属分离的两种不同金属分离的电源组成 , 组成的主要细胞连接在一系列 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	耶和华的一封信 , 约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了赫马斯的牧羊 , 这是我们的一本书 , 我们叫做 " 假设父亲 " 的书 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在西部的德国 , 外交部长汉斯特里克基斯chchschschscher将所有核能植物相似于切尔诺贝尔 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	根据单阶段、双阶段和多阶段的不同设计 , 可根据单阶段、双阶段和多阶段的联合 , 可根据稳定、绝缘和冷却的需求 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件组织是文件组织的一个著名的隐喻 , 它们已经取代了 " 目录 " 的代码 , 这种命令行操作系统中使用 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	手机 , 语法 , 语法 , 音乐 , 听 , 讲话 , 阅读技巧 , 实现这个阶段的破坏 , 实现了基础 , 一个习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	缺乏法律基础 , 缺乏对死刑事件的审查 , 导致死刑事件的操作和保障 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 速度强度事件运动的训练系统可以导致心脏形态和功能的自适应变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解决uwbfus系统中长范围行为的大时间jitter错误 , 提出了一种基于晶体频率分割的新型时间系统 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	根据j.patrickgorman的创始人j.patrickgorman说 , 大型会计公司正在提供类似的增加 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	在一项研究中 , 研究人员考察了血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生率的关系 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法对37例患者进行相关探索信号的检查 , 检查后 , 检查相关病人不会采取相关检查 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	1984年 , 我被迫与hitachi一起工作 , 在1984年以上 , 与hitachi港口交付 , 我期待我们的关系继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	此外 , 本文介绍了简单、经济动态混凝土试验仪和影响土壤试验仪 , 建立了降低质量的调查和提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计错误的变量矩阵 , 将定位精度与不同混合数据相比 , 提出了一种基于系统位置的方法 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs已获益于增加消费者和商业旅行者的价格敏感性 , 以及全球经济疟疾的油价下降 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些组特别是脆弱 , 因为他们经常经验扩大了生存期间的生存 , 这种治疗的神经认知复杂可能会导致肿瘤本身的病变 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 平行处理方法获得了子线性速度 , 实时识别内在模型的实时识别要求基本满意 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	美国红十字会是美国病毒控制和预防中心的协作努力 , 美国红十字会 , 美国的中心是一项合作的努力 , 联合国基金会 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文重点探讨了新现实主义小说的社会历史背景 , 并探讨了当代文学发展和认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 阐述了联邦政府的腐败 , 从niu " 先进政治思想和粗糙的官方职业生涯产生的腐败 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	公司和企业也应注重雇员心理健康 , 帮助他们通过讲座和心理咨询 , 吴建议 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市大树现象的分析 , 阐述了城市景观森林保护的必要性和紧迫性 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘接 , 消毒剂和进口服装放在重量上 , 减少葡萄牙离子的释放 , 作为进入的最佳描述 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁悬浮的态度明显表明 , 在不同的构造单元中 , 磁悬浮形态与岩石单元分布相当 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 戴金也不想卖好 , 他只想看看他们能做出任何重复的话 , 大家 , 杨先生不会继承自己的法官 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	将mufffff融合到制备的muffffin , 填充了每个杯全部三分之二 , 在2000c/375炉加热 , 或2025分钟 , 直到金棕色 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	除此 , 大气附加到教学和学习氛围的建筑 , 十个规定由创始人zhii保证了良好的教学氛围 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了在内热炉实际运行和应用中的一个严重问题 , 分析了内热炉的原因 , 并提出改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨肾酸诱导慢性胰腺病变的关系及其机制 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某些程度来说 , 通过信号检测理论来解释 , 信号检测的过程 , 比对法官的理想假设是合理的 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在有辐射灵活机制的情况下 , 抗旋转机制和螺杆杆杆杆杆表现出现同步主义和自补偿自我补偿的磨损 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进基因算法在解决高维、多线性应变和非线性uc问题成功的基因算法 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理和其他相关银行人员应该负责导致1700元人损失的责任 , 所以他们没有收费 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , 从多胺氧化介质中产生的h2o2 , 高敏反应和防御基因的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	开发阶段的运营流动可能导致储备损伤的损坏 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	美国 , 他认为 , 他需要与伊朗和土耳其合作 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角 " 的活动将促进民主和战争极端主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	在1987年 , 哈bibbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbburguiba , 他在1987年被授权的教育系统培养 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这并不能抑制完整和自由表达:这并不会损失安全性 ; 实体性 , 以及我们同时通信的重要罪孽 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她去了 , " 我们正在电工程师 , 我们真正需要更多的帮助 , 但我们需要更多的资金 , 来获得更多的资金 , 我们需要展示一些成功 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把你的妈的照片和她的珠宝盒子在这里放在这里 , " 米切尔说 , 并且克里斯感到很幸运 , 让她喜欢她的家人 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为瑜伽帮助人们保持更多的身体 , 吃习惯 , 例如食用压力 , 或抑郁 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	志愿者们在房间工作的灯光灯灯灯中 , 除了前面荧光灯外 , 要求小说更成功的想法 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	星期二晚上 , 在卡扎菲的婴儿alaziyzizya复合物上报道了五个洛杉矶爆炸 , 他在周二晚上被攻击 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	随着某些假设 , 我们结论价格水平、价格和成本参数与价格之间的关系与价格水平相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	采用气藏水库的材料平衡方程 , 测定了气藏储备和ogip , 判断其驱动类型 , 并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	吴慧看到唐糖家快乐 , 唐丽和天津看见唐糖回家后看到唐糖 , 建议把家装饰在家里 , 每个人搬到维拉 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势显示 , 从社会和文化积累与心理分子到电影之间的密切关系 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本课程专注于通过教育实践和核心搜索 , 建立儿童数学认知的概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	在整个阶段中 , t/s平均平均大约2.06 , 法国阶段出现的最大幅度大约78 , 冬季最小出现于零 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	湖山工业经济称为湖山现象 , 今年的研究经济上升 , 虽然是国家水平贫困县的贫困县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为美国军事战略不再关注在山上敌人进入敌人 , 但在城市和村庄赢得阿富汗 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者愿者愿意交货 , 尽管他们得到准备 , 而当地老师认为外国人只是训练者 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假设者是一个附近的太阳能的酒店 , 有花园和野鸡 , 但到目前 , 旅行的高度是看葡萄牙人 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了纤维税的功能 , 论述了物流产业的火力税的影响 , 并给出了相关的对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	正如肯·迪克尔在时代写道: " 最后 , 在他最伟大的时刻 , 他显示了我们最脆弱的时候 , 最后 , 他把这位行动的男人分裂了 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	然而 , 由于浮动儿童 , 必须在信心上升 , 记住他们的家里由丝绸和卢林讨论商务 , 可以打开一条丝绸线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	添加叶子的绿色是添加颜色、味道和营养的一种简单的方法 , 在本周的健康复苏中写道玛丽莎玫瑰人 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何把自己作为一名员工作为一个被认为竞争的员工 , 它可能会看到公司看到怎么样的社会媒体和参与的一些正式化 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是裂缝、阻碍和合理的 , 有人的距离的声音 , 有人承包的呼唤或响应在远距离厚度中被重新回应 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	五年前 , 乔布斯先生正在治疗胰腺癌患者的工作 , 在医疗休息中 , 接受肝移植后可注意重损失的肝移植 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	本方法提高了点传播函数的精度 , 建立了基于注意点传播函数的重点图像的重点图像 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每一章和每一章都形成了整个马的整合框架 , 知识整个节点的整合框架 , 这个框架由基本上升构建 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 通过引入某些查询过程的查询过程 , 提出了一个查询优化模型 , 并给出了其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	男性的基因倾向于低bdnf水平的男性似乎失去了他们的能力 , 几乎没有变化的男性的双重任务 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心私人雇主会削减jobs和许多人 , 尤其是那些用来获得他们的工资的工人都会失去工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	与此同样 , 中国政府在政府政策中宣布 , 中国政府将从2008年6月出售免费塑料购物袋 , 有效于2008年6月 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	建立了基于实例知识的小部分的研究方法 , 建立了几何特征和过程特征信息的方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	去年 , 财政资本公司投资了35亿美元的投资 , 而他们投资的中国企业只有330亿美元 , 而在中国公司投资的3.5亿美元 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	硬盘设计的组成部分是喷雾多平台装置 , 使电子设置在雷达目前在黑帽前移动的电子上 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	代表中国茶行业的希望 , 代表中国茶行业的希望 , 母亲的研究课程肯定要比前日更加辉煌 !
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种环境友好的防腐涂料 , 基于非毒性钙作为主要的抗锈剂 , 磷酸盐作为辅助抗腐蚀剂片 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地貌和地貌特征 , 北京沙地的沙地主要分为三种类型的山地 , 山坡和平原的转变带 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	文章还提出了基于基因算法的基因预测的基因算法 , 利用地震特性和地震优化原理 , 给出了地震特性的优化原理 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	当老年人不能因健康状况而建议的物理活动而造成的时候 , 他们应该作为他们的能力和条件允许的物理活动 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢克斯在资本主义社会的普遍问题和资本主义社会的共同问题 , 证明了其整体类别的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	从2000年至2004年最大的交易公共汽车的分形维度从2000年至2004年的最大跨度公共汽车的1.4862到1.518 , 这与中国城市系统大小的分形维度相一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨中国和英国社会的历史比较 , 阐述了解决贫困和相对贫困的现象 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油公司有限公司安全管理的基础已成为加强和石油加强的基础 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后根据可逆方案的特点 , 采用四个评价dfffffffffffffffffffffffflopppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp作为核心组件设计了四个同步
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 由于伤害的伤害 , 因此她的伤害 , 但她没有一句 " 情绪障碍 " 解决了她的犯罪责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除了代表受伤者的个人外 , 我们还代表了健康护理诈骗和hmo纠纷的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制方案在口腔和颌面部手术中的可行性和潜在作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要发现是以下:韩国的学校专业教师在科学和平东地区的技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗伯·帕茨 , 克里斯蒂瓦特和其它加拿大的第三部电影已经拍摄了第三部电影《加拿大》的第三部电影 。 eclipse在2010年5月出版 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第一十六条国家科技委员会应当与其他部门关注 , 检查新技术行业发展区的高科技行业 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	经营文化对员工工作运动的影响越来越广泛 , 但在文化与工作运动之间没有一个可行的框架 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	在这个粗糙的小船里 , 它很难工作 , 在这里30个多个城市里 , 已经有30个小船 , 然后用橘子和太阳花漆在厕所里 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金在今年对其他商品的联系很弱 , 经理在石油和铜上升 , 这反映了它的价值作为货币运动的增加 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们正在破坏传统的生活模式 , 在爱上学 , 得到结婚 , 买一只房子...相反 , 他们已经跳了一些步骤 , 增加了其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接的数据结构由于它的ength保持隐藏 , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 所以它可以减少没有脚趾和匹配模式的节省 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你在适当的位置 , 你需要放松你的手臂肌肉 , 记住 , 当你的画家保持直直和前臂肌肉的时候 , 这就很容易 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	另外 , 丰田周一表示 , 它已经扩大了美国的服务运动 , 为了减少93 , 000辆汽车用六缸发动机覆盖9.34万辆汽车 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但它要求我推出一本书 , 理解更多的主题 , 或者交换许多电子邮件的邮件 , 给出更多关于问题的详细信息 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前自然历史的问题中 , 耶鲁教授弗兰克教授弗兰克·a.海滩告诉我们如何学会更低的原因 , 一些甚至会变成潜艇资本主义者 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	韩国的独立消息非常罕见 , 但中国相应的大坝格拉马斯已经到边境遇到的韩国人到了最近逃离的北韩人 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保符合仲裁案件、国家仲裁立法和民事立法 , 所有的司法监督制度都有阿比特拉尔提出的司法监督体系 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲 , 阿洛伊斯认为 , 是一个女性和19岁的犹太人 , 这将使得这位男人激励全球一分之一的犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织表示 , 至少有41名民事组织 , 包括20名中央抗议hblfaya中央抗议中心抗议者胡锦标的中央抗议者 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	一位当地官员告诉报纸 , 应对需求的报纸 , 一天旅游将包括访问北川高中 , 学生被埋在垃圾中 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	当幸运的时候 , 有一个女人在那里被称为 " 心大 " 的女人分享 , 比如兽人 , 而她也不太糟糕了 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , 使用xmx值25%的xmx值作为最大护士尺寸 , 而护士大小则允许在25%内生长和shrink 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一方面是美国并没有寻求的冲突 , 我们是由42个其他国家加入了42个国家 , 以防我们自己和所有国家进一步攻击 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	一家美元的商店还没有开放 , 所以我没有飞机 , 所以我拿了两杯yogurt , 告诉我有些季度 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在此请求的框架下 , cen和cenelec将开发一个或几个级别标准 , 其中包含各种类型的能源相关产品 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	该方法分为两个工作程序 , 当光轮集成加工过程中 , 表面切割是前程序和挤压加工过程后的 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克表示 , 在6月2日 , 将会议和政府会议 , 包括美国印度商务委员会 , 这将举行35年会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电信市场不会被允许称为国家捐赠名单上的任何数字 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人有存在的业务关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的干旱有限于分离区域 ; 除了富兰祖先的外 , 比如不可逆的损害似乎都是不可逆的 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	一个更加危害的设备 , 美国流行 , 是用硫酸分解为化学物质 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦想中 , 她被一名女士告诉的女士们 , 通过计算机监视屏幕的名字 , 一些藏族也可以看到在湖边的网站内容 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是高度个人知识 , 积累了经验的财富 , 并不能使系统暴露 , 这是可以感觉的 , 但不能在词中解释 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这个类型的场景通常发生在要驱动业务时 , 那些想要驱动业务的cleve级执行官 , 更改企业提供积极的赞助来援助他们的战略代理 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家的 " 扩展了eps系统 " 的 " -360提供了市场前面、侧面和反对保护 , 使它成为最安全的helmet之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年 , 北京雅典画艺术品销售中心建立了世界上最大的艺术家宋庄艺术家村 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	澳大利亚大学出版社和专业出版社 , 包括大学出版社和非盈利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何运行诊断和治疗设备 , 尤其是医学的分支 , 但它们也在紧急干预技术中培训 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	近年来 , 采用三个结构组装的水火管锅炉是一种新颖的dzl型热水锅炉 , 最近应用了两步连续系列注射技术 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐款允许一座桥梁建立在两座山顶之间 , 华终于走到学校 , 穿着靴子想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	西北部的寒冷速度都被侵蚀 , 保持一个潜在的空气温度和湿度 , 是一个典型的北向温暖的气候变化 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	进一步研究了通过化学热力学的方法 , 通过化学热力学实验 , 解决非氧化强酸的溶解性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	分析了转变器端的原因、危害和形成过程的变化 , 提出了在频率循环操作的各种不同类型的转子驱动器末端的变化 , 提出了防止措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人上周告诉华尔街报道 , 该公司不能在长期的供应商中取代osi的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一项规则 , 第三周中期的趋势将在第三周中转 , 第三周末 , 股市只有3周 , 只有3周反对主趋势 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	阐述了一种显著的抗癌效果 , 给出其它营养效益 , 讨论了clas的多功能多功能和其病原因 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本奥斯科大学公布了6月10日的官方论坛 , 因为一名员工称为孔子学院的文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	最初 , 一个背景已经感到了所谓的 " 奥运会 " 的第一条街道 , 这将在比赛期间举行18 , 000名运动员和官员 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	组与组i组和组ii之间的细菌数值显著差异显著 , 清洁处理效果明显优于清洁手柄的效果 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在一个年轻的妇女中 , 没有物理发现表明 , 病人应该返回3 ~ 10天后 , 接下来的男性开始测定 , 如果肺回归时 , 病人应该返回3至10天 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机控制的空间干预研究 , 随机时间长 , 可能有助于进一步解释balneotherapy治疗效果 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我理解 , 在我国驻留在一名志愿者的时期 , 解决方案不会在任何问题或事件中保持任何问题 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	在gnome中最处理的菜单之一是服务器发送的连接 , 这使用户可以很快连接到服务器输入的任何类型服务器 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山的足部 , 国际种类附近太阳大学附近的国际幼稚园 , 位于一个愉快的环境中 , 具有良好的观点 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:3种诱导的螺旋样品的使用率比对3个胃洗涤病人诊断结核病人无法预期妊娠的3个气管洗涤剂更敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中在蒙古的美术标准上 , 旨在巩固其在俄罗斯和西方战争中获得稳定的权力 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们用很多图片 , 当我们驾驶过德克萨 , 新墨西哥 , 加利福尼亚 , 加州 , 内瓦 , 科罗拉多 , 尼泊拉多 , 以及所有的路径都进明尼苏达 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但它反映了过去世界公平的事实 , 上海博览会主要是印象国内观众 , 90%的访问者来自主国 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的一天 , 我开始好了 , 但在半个马拉松之后我开发了肌肉裂缝 , 这导致我的右膝关节损坏了 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	两个以色列 , 上海波尔克 , 医学工程师 , 爱德伊·索夫博士 , 是一名以色列气候学家 , 加入了一个基于satle的工程团队来帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	照片看着窗户 , " 这就提醒了我那部电影里的那部电影 , 一个小镇里 , 突变者在晚上吃饭 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	在实施战略的基础上 , 中国应该继续探索和发展 , 为了减少石油进口的开发 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	见证和安全相机视频 , 枪手们建立了一张照片 , 因为年轻人穿着犹太和潮湿的衬衫 , 轴承rucksack和guns 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	开发了一般的概念路由 , 单移复杂的qz算法并不在linpack或ispack中开发 , 为所有复杂和普遍化的ei生成问题 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员对欧洲工作满意度、工作时间、婚姻状况、性别、年龄和工作自治的影响进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	饭店和自由餐馆 , 直到晚些时尚的商店 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的餐馆 , 或者是上海一些时尚的商店 , 这是这个地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高服装制造业生产效率 , 必须结合身体测量、模式设计和服装制造的生产效率 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	除非相关机构批准相关合同的合同 , 技术转移的相关费用不会被授予 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前盾牌的混合比例通常使用正交试验 , 其中有很多实验和不可避免的时间和钱的需求 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿病饮料中 , 每天只有1英镑的饮料 , 在18个月和18英镑的1.1磅和1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 中国有很严重的冻结和腐蚀的灾难 , 因此 , 冻结长期监测器的有效性和长期监测是为潜在灾难提供参考信息 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了lcopene的生物特征 , 如分子结构、代谢、组织分布及其抗癌功能及可能机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:直接表现为9例 , 无规则的中心或内心狭窄9例 , 无规则的填充缺损1例 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑器允许您在启动期间进行导航菜单 , 自动检查 , 并允许您设置更新的fonts , 自动检查 , 并且可以在您喜欢的好处设置font 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	模拟高头与重力rrent的垂直速度 , 运行的大速度与前面的密度密切相关 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	使用生物技术生产的生物工艺 , 具有很多好处:饲养植物和动物的过程 , 提高了饲养植物和动物的生物工艺 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	被称为军事服务 , 马克维亚先生把战争作为威胁 , 用于乌克兰 , 意大利 , 意大利 , 芬兰和奥斯兰 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强烈的一定要带着贝尔兹布巴的魔鬼驱动 , 就像说明的话 , 为了给予一个对策 , 为了中化和过度的支持 , 建立的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	随后 , 有一个绝对的艺术标准 , 意味着每个人都感到独特的感觉都是由图片所引发的 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 木材被用来攻击电脑的核反应堆 , 已经有广泛的规范 , 土星网实际上损坏了植物 , 一些伊朗密切 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转换关键相比 , mdcsk具有多级数字信号可以加密 , 使用多个滚动加密参数 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了相关图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、障碍者以及使用和实现创新策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	由sqldbutil.runscriprototool的代码拒绝创建一个名为启动的方法 , 获得项目、主类名称和命令行参数作为方法参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运会 , 奥运会和世界记录会在周日早些时候宣布 , 她是从运动中获得不定的破坏 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易秘密法则可以作为社会公共利益和公共利益的分布和司法选择与合作 , 以及贸易秘密企业的垄断利益 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战斗者似乎已经准备把大量人吹出来 , 为了增加单一目标 , 例如政府官员或警察首席 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线微镜是一种用软x射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 它填充了光学和电镜之间的差距 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	福阳三能集团有限公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业生产烟草萃取物 , slanesol和notine两个大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼睛位置的正确率 , 为了提高面部边界的多层眼检测方案 , 提出了一种算法 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	文章摘要:目标正交mucosa灌溉和潜在灌溉试验 , 探讨了微型氧化锌包覆金属玻璃的组织兼容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳阿森纳中场gilberto已经下降了丹尼森 , 他的成功者在枪手中场的心里获得了一名来自巴西国家队的选举 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	几个联合国政府官员在解决和国际协会的细节中 , 有十个争论 , 在处理条约中抽取线路 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	在1860年 , 开放的名字通知我们在1860年的时候 , 萨米拉伊已经失业了 , 并且在寻找工作的努力寻找国家 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很多草原 , 深深深深深深深深深深深地对他视野、恶魔、达纳和德国带来佛教 , 使所有的东西都被送给了 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	西蒙·埃尔逊 , 一个安全专家为抗病毒公司诺顿的安全专家 , 强调它频繁改变密码 , 避免重复使用 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测量 , 钢烟的表面处理只有0.008相对反射 , 吸附装置可以作为内涂料内部的理想内部 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学学校的形象是中国传统古老文化阶段的一种特殊的平洋现象 , 具有特殊的美学价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制度是汉武迪的原始创作 , 在秦汉代官员监督和控制的基础上 , 是汉代官员的成功经验 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 周江的另一位博客 , 分享自己的印象: " 这表明美国政府和北京必须完全不同的工作方式 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了促进这些地区的恐怖分子的应用 , 合成了高饱和磁化的高饱和磁化的超磁性纳米结构反射粒子 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声b患者进行超声b和前室内室角度检查 , 然后在眼外室角下提取外体 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理阿卜杜拉·巴达wi正面对他的辞职 , 经过他的裁决协议失去了一般的选举 , 反对党的反对 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在电影前 , 雨前 , 摄影师在波西亚威那战争困难的时候 , 他把他扔掉了电影 , 赢得了他奖金 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	综述了转换器衍生物的结构活性与药理性能 , 作为一种潜在化学代理剂 , 并讨论了转换器的结构性与药理性能 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九十九条代理的义务 , 按照原则的指导 , 按照原则的指导 , 应当处理代理事务 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自从那时 , 我们双边关系的成就显然感谢双方的努力 , 两国在顶部和其他水平上有频繁的接触 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 拉迪克puiapueriapowder在使用的综合价值逐步提高了工业生产的官方和原材料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	英国公民政策的实际上 , 如果他是他家庭唯一的工人 , 或者他是一个完整的时候学校的学生 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	因此 , 分枝的厚度对你们的生存率有很大的影响 , 它与其生存率有直接关系 , 增长条件和年轻的纤维树的商业率 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本研究描述了激励导管速度对心脏节奏的定量仿真模拟 , 采用三维实际rsoart几何模型 , 对心脏节奏速度的影响进行了定量仿真 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的临床生长架构 , 波坦蒙古地区的吉利亚和墨西哥州 , 作为研究克隆人口最好的材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯基德是纽约世界贸易中心网站的主规划者 , 预计将面临多年的延迟和重要成本覆盖 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃免费极端由一个pis模拟的聚乙烯或聚丙烯单元组成 , 直到用户活化 , 直到使用者活化 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对我国医学教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者 " 是保持中国医学教育的主要部分特征 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和雷克·霍夫曼在四个月里 , 在地震中遭受损失的小损伤 , 因此 , 约瑟尔和霍夫曼正在工作 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与此相比 , 中国太平洋事件的事件并不高于初级和二级学校之间的学生 , 更显然 , 更为突出 , 是当前处理的缺乏 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 自1950年以来 , 美国人口已经增长了1% , 而近40%的增长是由于外国人口的个人进入美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	欧洲危机已经对欧洲危机造成损害 , 并且通过17国单一货币领域对欧洲危机造成了严重的影响 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	显著的氮消化率显示 , 饮食ip水平和18.07%的ip饮食ip饮食量最高的n消化率在18.07%左右 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	" 另外 , 吉利亚还揭示 , 在许多电影中 , 大部分人都喜欢在我们的厨房里 , 她甚至有电影被提名为最好的压力金 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是稳定发展 , 吸引冬季的原则 , 在变化行业和市场中 , 他们正试图采取花卉维度和稳定增长的原则 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	另外 , 林肯总统不可避免的林肯 , 正如当林肯悬挂在民事战争的外面 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人说 , 在美国的借贷金额上 , 汽车不能卖掉 , 因为老太太太太太太太太老了六 " 经济危机 " 最终被打破了 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要明确动物研究与祖母的hip替代之间的连接 , 父亲的经过一个婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至是宠物的鞋子 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk后软失败的危险因素是冠状血管化 , 移植 , 叶片 , 叶片 , 叶片 , 或叶片 , 前者或后遗传后遗传 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	几乎所有的东西都是消费的 , 包括它的劳动布局和现在大多数人经常吸引它的盖子 , 35 ) 挂在销售的东西 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 几乎每一部分工业 , 从上游到下游 , 从上游到下游 , 完全是印度农民 , 工厂主和工人 , 销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰并不失望 , 直到今天 , 除了其他人没有玩得多 , 比如艾默森和特罗斯的球员也离开了 , 还有艾滋病毒和艾滋病毒 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过分析景观建筑设计的情况 , 阐述了用来参考的文学扭转的意义 , 例如超bole、文学和象征化 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了有效地捐赠调查人员stigmas , 动物聚集植物已经进化了各种飞行特性 , 污染发表调查是它们之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定把我们读到旅游之后 , 我不相信我们会遇到另外一个障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	菲尼·硬铁分为2分 , 包括3秒左右的比赛 , 正如奥兰多的魔法破坏了冠军霍斯顿火箭9290 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	全球信用策略师bnp巴黎投资伙伴的bnp巴黎投资伙伴说: " 人们会在cd或超级资产中获得更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中之一是未用的土地 , 将增加森林覆盖率为4.1% , 前面的水路、农场和其他绿色潜力在于1.919.27% 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说的情况下 , 浪漫视觉倾向于表达自己的形式 , 称为 " 浪漫、情绪、象征形式 " 的形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是 , 在2005年 , 德克萨斯举行的第一次 , 我们接到了2000万美元 , " 拉格回忆道 , " 这个数字超过了我们的期望 。 "
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 真的是 , 现在我没有什么 , 比如汉明或格林应聘 , 我可以理解他们 , " 26岁的官方赛季告诉他们 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2中 , 设置n至b或更高的内存层 , 它不再使用分享库 , 并且允许它们用于本地存储或mmapping 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但如今 , 如果我们被固定在这个反对文化的一个方面 , 那么它的神秘倾向和原则的幸福 , 我们不会做到正义的运动 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	霍斯顿电气系统成功地测试了一定类型细菌的安全系统 , 使用超级外科医疗辐射来杀死99%的细菌 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 尽管司法部门的辩护和完整性已超过重复 , 他的遗传密封方法对法院的影响有限于其外部的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	食物:食物丰富的矿物 , 因此 , 包括食物 , 豆 , 棕米 , 柠檬 , 橄榄 , 橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	中国音乐家詹妮弗·李 , 巴迪说: " 宝宝 , 中国音乐迷 , 记录艺术家和记录公司都会从这个赢得合作关系中获益 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线被昂贵地安装 , 第一家公司就这样做 , a.t&t , 赢得是美国长距离服务的唯一提供者 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	采用二级板市场作为研究对象 , 分析了交易机制的特点和目标 , 通过理论和实际观点 , 分析了交易机制的目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清晰和反应阶段患者 , 采用氨基氨基酶和hbvdna水平 , 为抗病毒治疗提供参考 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 在第四级城市里 , 第二个只要销售海军 , 占13% , 公司未来表现出了巨大的改进 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	下图1 , 13和19页面1 , 没有申请一名发行者的证券下文 , 以便公开批准其普通企业债券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	在gsp中 , 我们已经离开的一些事情是例如jsp标记库支持gsp , 可能支持jpa作为插件 , 并且将单元测试基础设施改进到我们的单位测试基础设施 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	尽管在法国南部的南方吃得越来越广泛的食物 , 但它在法国的南部吃得越来越广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次 , 重视决策的重要性 , 组成和传递能力 , 当球员运行时 , 还需要知道球 , 否则不要在球上抓到 , 小心不要在球上 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道: " 坐在电视上 , 不能让孩子坐在电视上 , 但一个孩子可能会坐在电视上 , 因为他或她在看不到和不诊断的时候 。 "
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 路正承诺帮助克斯马塔克希拉出售渠道 , 帮助路羊长期的岛屿 , 以帮助路羊长距离销售渠道 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次 , 这个大冰岛形成于1962年 , 华德华尔冰河流行了一个岛屿 , 越来越小的冰岛在海岸边的岛之间 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能燃烧炉的开发及应用情况 , 如加热炉、热处理炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果一所大学毕业生从来没有看到音乐陌生的学校 , 那么 , 欧盟考虑到英国最大的大学和20000名学生进入了 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏经验和实践的知识 , " 杨小东说 , 作为他的工作人员在希望申请者的关键眼睛中引起了一个独特的高尔夫俱乐部 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 在美国和国际社区的几年之后 , 美国和国际社会一样 , 同样的哥伦达菲似乎被西方重新恢复 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c和保护的光照下 , 没有从snp发布的动力学显著影响到thiols空间结构和空间结构的影响 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	使用 " 蔡云 " 特别座位的功能和卫生保护功能 , 各种使用摩托循环座位的短期和遗留都会被超过 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个主要因素形成了一个系统 , 科学运行可以产生良好的教学结果 , 这种科学运行也是教学创新特定的措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	经过这个殖民失败后 , 巴特将军队分开到恐怖中 , 逃到他个人帝国星毁灭者的外边境地 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监测器收集了有用的信息 , 例如在一个月内 , ecr状态询问事务的数量 , ecr状态的数量 , 等等 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	在接收报告后 , 韩汉联盟首席职员会主席49分钟后 , 接到该报告后 , 韩国防部长达52分钟后 , 达到了52分钟 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	基于家庭的护理团队由几个护士组成 , 每天早上跳进一个小卡车 , 旅行到社区的健康需求往往往往是真正的死亡 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	实现了两个状态的水喷洒系统 , 为了清洗范围和体清洁度 , 提高了体清洁度 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	机场的风景在机场上 , 随着飞机的陆地 , 它们的城市从飞机中抽出了飞机 , 日本公共广播的公共广播人员nhk 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个金色锁 , 看起来很厚 , 却很严重地隐藏在一个丑陋的、紧紧紧密、紧密的帽子下 , 瘦下 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	由于150个商业调查 , 两分之二的报告显示 , 他们的组织促进是利润的 , 但仍然有三分之一的资金在他们团体经验上失去了 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安迪:是的 , 但是qatar还可以穿着银牌 , 它真的是一匹黑马 , 它在另一半决赛中被伊朗击败伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家 , 裁判电影的电影 , 指责张先生给予亚洲演员的张先生提出了一部分应该去亚洲演员 , 一个叫做白色的实践 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 像极端程序和敏捷开发这样的概念 , 使得它能够获得很多相同的利益 , 没有一个完整的代码上获得相同的利益 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在现状下 , 基于矩阵组织、研究风格组织和非边界组织的现状下 , 我们的选择基于给定的环境和目标 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	根据不同的味道 , 根据不同的味道 , 味道的味道 , 味道的味道 , 味道中含有许多香味 , 口味和香味 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	此外 , 这两个标准都伤害了自由人和汉人的感觉 , 另外 , 在学术意识上 , 使学术意识变得真正的面对 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这不必是 , 永远不知道这个存在的继续 ; 当时 , 当时 , 这个友谊将会保存我们的身份到天上 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 那些在36个爱好社交网络 , 希望通过移动付出它 , 年轻的成年人期待移动内容 , 尤其是音乐和视频 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号在一个非常高频率和两个样本之间的差异 , 得到数字信号 , i.e , iigmadelta码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	因为他们像我一样 , 我认为 , 没有我总是有成功的 , 人格是真正的 , 但我喜欢一个阴影 , 让我真的错误吗 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年后 , 95%的元素汞通过化学反应 , 变成了自杀 , 一个黑色固体的固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18公园的公园位置 , 拥有18个公园的电气室 , 还有一间紧急柴油生成器和电设备添加到这里的四个存储器 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	美国的生活视频流动服务 , 最近感谢西班的主流游戏 , 只是宣布了一个新的白色流行视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:accket , 电路断路、dcjack、数字开关、dip开关、fmi滤波器、钩开关、关键开关、微开关、推动开关等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他在数字媒体生产中经历了超过10年的经验 , 工作视频 , 仍然有视频和声音 , 他在社会和环境问题上追求长期项目 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于castrstrol的提升历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳的发动机性能提高在最严重的骑骑条件下的加速增加 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	现在 , 联合国气体的平均价格现在上涨了四美元的标志 , 最高的平均价格像阿拉斯加州、加州、连接和华盛顿州 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米体系的小小小尺寸的纳米体系的普通外部场必须被视为强烈的场域 , 使得导电性公式考虑非线性反应非常重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可以保护h2o2受伤的内皮细胞 , 可能会在预防和治疗缺血性缺血病的某些作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	讨论了1 , 4-二氧化碳含量测定的方法 , 利用头空气色谱法 , 探讨头空间的主要因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	所以 , 穿上一家温暖的浪漫新家园 , 一家温暖的婚姻床 , 自然成为当前的一家传统的部门商店 , 所以在床上 , 是不断的池塘 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	随着基础和增加了房间节点的频率 , 基于其它生理现象的频率 , 解释了房间节点的频率 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常使用特定的规则收集 , 您可能希望将它们结合到自己的规则文件中 , 如清单2.这个规则设置进口基本、名称和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年2月14日 , 一名警察员编码了一名绿色的成员 , 作为一名战斗在东京特殊的鲸鱼会议 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	通过比较优势解决我国食品市场的平衡和需求的平衡 , 解决了现有食品市场的平衡问题 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	总结了大桥混凝土裂缝在控制和防止措施的基础上 , 分析了高桥墩裂缝的建筑原因及原因 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为了防止和解决贸易团体 , 必须扩大公民参与 , 改革行业的治理结构 , 建立机制的兴趣 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北部的阳光外 , 六个绝对是寺庙 , 还有一些强大的dwell , 大山的河流里 , 将会驱动十个宫殿绅士 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨三种神经性神经性神经疾病的临床价值及临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称 。 野生 。 皮片一起 , 斜线和观看zany图片 , 在你学习比例、匹配、标准和对称的时候 , 看到zany图片 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到油气和气体使它丰富 , 开始于1960年代 , 这个小型 , 扩大 , 胰岛大幅增加了一个集体的人口 , 让单独一个城镇 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另外一个观点是 , 由于卡梅隆先生现在把它放弃了 , 一个 " 革命主义 " 的革命主义者 " , 她的目标通常没有广告 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	在1991年退休后 , 他保持了一个低档文件 , 尽管是在他妻子生存 , 高度宣称北京歌剧歌手jangying 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	据研究表明 , 世界上最受欢迎的网络网站 , facebook的数字甚至更高于20.5亿分钟 , 从前一年的3.1%下降了56% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	特别是一次被称为命名的犯罪 , 愤怒的愤怒反对攻击的六名媒体部长 , 但攻击米尔顿也袭击了米尔顿 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个未知的原因 , 有时候 , 他的推广到大规模的广场 , 他坐落在皇家宫殿上 , 这个行星纳波的训练中 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的进口形式和女性 , 星巴克从其开放的平衡和mcdonaldald的女性和女性队列分开 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子的将来自原子轨道上最高的原子轨道 , 这是能源最高的 , 因为这将是最高的能量 , 至少需要注入某些东西 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我喜欢的时候 , 我的身体爬上时 , 我的眼睛爬下来 , 夜黑暗 , 风吹出灯子 , 云朵在恒星上闪烁 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你这是坏的 , 希望google搜索结果的商业总是是是不错 , " 谷歌搜索结果写道 , " 谷歌搜索结果 " 写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	斯科罗纳克amur , 尼桑的首席创造官san说 , 研究室将 " 提高我们的产品竞争力 , 在中国和亚洲 , 自动化行业继续看到巨大的增长 " 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用这个胳膊时 , 请仔细地破坏颈部和ppette10毫升 , 从中断到250毫升的压力平板 , 带来了purified水体积的积 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不再看到 , 只要像猪肉银行一样 , " kevinleay说 , 一个关于斯洛克逊历史的权威 , 那些与工作者的任务相信 。 "
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过分析不同的超级衰退过程 , 给出了高级生产率和最后的超级极化的一般公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数当地的审美学是临床应用的相对水解分子 , 这些分子可以通过扩散到细胞膜上获得访问的钠通道的分子 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81例加强钢筋纤维试验 , 测定了钢筋混凝土梁的混凝土梁和66个试验结果 , 测定了模型的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	网站还使用了开源博客浏览器webloger版本4.0.0.12 , 我的sqltm数据库服务器和memegegegech 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	双子看着600米高的建筑 , 自我足够的水和能源 , 被贝尔吉亚设计师维奇·克莱巴ut认为 , 在纽约的罗斯福岛上 , 将是基于罗斯福岛屿的 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 箱子 " 仍然坚持这个熟悉的收藏 , 以解决水中出现的出现 , 更好地告诉每个人都是这样的产品和瑜伽的饮料 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	鉴于其对慢性日常头疼或紧张型头疼痛的鼻子和肌肉矛盾的影响 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母的行为被放置在一个重量的侧面 , 那么你会在建筑健康自尊vs.低自尊度的情况下 , 怎么样才能确定你在你的孩子里面的健康状况 。
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	" 他说 , 时间是最大的问题 , 中央当局对当地政府的一般原则 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法避免 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	上面的这个假设图像 , 大规模的峡谷 , 显示了由彩色多河创建的骨折模式 , 红暗示图像中植物的植物区域 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 近年来 , 被遗传分析发现为鲸鱼最近的生物类似的狗狗 , 遗传分析已经识别为鲸鱼最近的生物 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维的组织图案由加强混凝土构建 , 每个教室或工作室都会发生分化的容量 , 允许在整个院子上看到 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	" 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 的哲学咨询运动 " 在二十世纪末期 , 影响人们作为全球化时代的新兴课程 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的封锁相比 , 标准封锁使人们在标准数码模式下写邮件编写后代码 , 为提高信件的效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规格的水珠、南阳珠、新鲜水珠、半孔松珠、3/4丢珠珠珠珠珠和完成珠宝 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高技术、生态、效率、经济轨道四个任务的技术 , 是建筑设计中建筑师的承担和责任 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	在大规模波孔数据的基础上 , 分析了中侏儒煤层分布特性、煤层特性、煤层性、煤层性能、煤层性能、煤层性能等问题 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	作为一个例子 , 采用两站球导弹的最大交通优化 , 给出了一种基于图表和表的原始和优化参数的比较 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开放源项目的基本原因 , 不仅是一个关闭的技术秘密的技术秘密 , 就是我们在卖或支持它的商业中没有兴趣 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	一些物种在洪水季节被洪水淹没 , 只有一些高草生存 , 它们的主要物种属于粒子和星期 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	然后 , 他们每个人都被头部抓住了 , 把他的剑在他的脚下 , 所以他们一起下来 , 所以这里被称为 " 赫尔克哈兹 " 的地方 , 所以这是基本 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述了一种由神经外科医生引起的脑血管扩张治疗的一系列病人 。
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	由城市和乡村的政府提供的公共货物的平衡已经成为城市和农村地区的深化原因 , 影响城市和农村地区之间的差距 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过对水力液压系统进行分析 , 指出了原始的液压系统的液压系统的液压系统存在的水压系统 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 因此 , 国外批评将看到今天的数据和争论更强的云南获得的数据 , " 香港基于斯格兰银行的经济学家彭普弗说 。
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行的比例是9月底最后的11.6%的健康比例 , 这个数字比9月底下降了 , 其他两个大银行的4个银行是公共交易的 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于适应和过滤后注射算法的新算法 , 以估计对象分散成像中心在广泛的自适应成像中心的解析中心 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我是北达科塔的一个孩子在北部 , 我母亲烹饪袋子的时候 , 当她做的时候 , 她把热条带从纸巾里挤出来 , 把它们放在纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于离散、完成磨削和涂料在热轧制厂实践中考虑了滚动部分与表面级的约束 , 由于在热轧制工厂的温度和影响 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一个9亿美元的法律评估 , hsbc双次雇佣kpmg , 一个会计公司 , 探讨madof先生 , 但当担心时 , 银行失败行 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	除了等到伦敦的消息 , 还是从他母亲的爱和嫉妒之前 , 这里 , 全部故事在他面前 , 还有几页 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟 , 他访问了8月 , 一个数百英里的萨瓦纳河 , 他旅行了在这座城市的旧镇 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	研究和鉴别结果表明 , 陕西省各种农业病毒病毒病毒病毒病毒的病毒变异显示cmv、tmv、pmvy、tev、bbbwv和bbwvvv已经发现 , 其中一部分是混合感染 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	19世纪的拉克条件在19世纪的监狱里 , 一个马菲亚上帝报道 , 与查普纳和洛布斯一起庆祝了他的生日和洛布斯 , 已经获得了 " 爷爷饭店 " 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997年 " 行政安全基金 " 自1997.11年执行以来 , 我们的安全基金已经得到了很快的发展 , 得到了短时间的良好的结果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	印度东部的一座城镇 , 在1610年建立 , 位于阿尔兰兹堡附近的一座马索罗斯um的地点 , 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主课程选择外 , 波尼俱乐部提供了一种反映中海和海鲜食物的选择 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另一次见证 , 耶里 , 他没有给他最后的名字 , 告诉俄罗斯州首次运行通道电视 , 震浪很强 , 把他扔到地板上 , 把他的帽子吹掉了 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列表示 , 军队只用它们攻击后 , 并发布了一名视频显示军队 , 从一个直升机到一名男人和俱乐部的男人 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	分析了从9种生态类型中应用的59个日本稻线材料 , 并对f1混合物的主要质量特性进行了分析 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	俄罗斯·弗雷德在印度工作的一个人物学家发现 , 印度家庭生活在查德卡尔的房子里 , 使用某些人和女性的空间来分离他们的公寓 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了解决投资问题之外 , 他的心理健康和物质的主任谢克·萨克逊a说 , 低和中收入国家有很少心理健康专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言相对合并的问题往往会变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员识别为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	一个白色学生作为一个研究参与者 , 当他简单的离开房间时 , 就会有一个黑人参与者的评论 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论腹部切除术中只有足够的子宫脂肪的成功 , 还将橡胶排放在腹部切除术中 , 是一种简单、有效的防止脂肪的有效方法 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同的npt的氧气供应和氧气需求的重要因素 , 但在不同的npt期间 , 体温变化是影响氧气供应和氧的重要因素 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京日报称 , 北京警察预计将在国内暴力交往 , 作为立法者穆尔将对女权保护和利益保护法律的建议 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 大豆饮食纤维生物的加工工方法明显提高 , 测定了大豆饮食纤维生物的加工范围 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	fitch表示 , 希腊银行在欧洲东南部和土耳其增加收入多样化 , 但这也来自于更加激烈的经济 , 一些经济也经历了衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河流追踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀爬和东方的遇到室外的生存 , 运动中很多技能 , 只有它的个人成员强劲 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	贝尔伯里是蓝莓的密切相关 , 被称为它的黑色紫色 , 自然含有乙醇 , 帮助支持健康的眼睛功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	毫无疑问:微软与windows7.甚至在beta形式的手里 , 公司的新桌面os正在从博客角落的所有角落中获得收集 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	在工作采访时 , 我是一个艰难的工人 " 和可预测的答案 , 我是由新机会学习的 ? 你应该考虑问oddball问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	冯元54年是浙江省浙江省太州农业研究学院的一家新型混合稻米组合 , 是浙江省浙江省林海种子站的一家新型地区 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们要求问题 , 作为给出的 , s2的时候 , s1的最大化了这个表达 , 作为后面的绅士说 , 我将会分化 , 然后我就会设置一个等于0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他大学移动齿轮 , 元花了许多四年在学校准备进入考试 , 为人力资源大学毕业生的学位 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺乏是心理描述的概念 , 可以在行动、rub描述中添加一些环境描述 , 另外 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 文章将看起来更多vivivivid 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一家专业的电缆制造商 , 国王信号的产品主要为移动通信、数字微波通信、航空、多媒体和军事 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	第五 , 探讨了唐西南部海军的文化融化熔池 , 建立了另一部香港电影 , " 春峰表达 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 主体的生活迹象稳定 , 代谢支持显著 , 表明:我们建立的生物官方肝支持系统 , 安全 , 稳定 , 有效 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	与此同样 , 在离开的时候 , 缺乏看法 , 激励公司的实际措施 , 意味着改变的努力从未能证明成功的政策制造商 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	一种湿光磷酸净化法包括:第一个步骤 , 使用热水浸渍和萃取有机溶剂 , 然后空气温度 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品设计是从16世纪欧洲和其他eras的古典系列 , 可以修改和结合个体客户的欲望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	蔡元北是一位伟大的思想家 , 教育者和革命者 , 从他的思想、词和行为 , 我们可以知道他的伟大的思想 , 哲学家的角色和伟大的男性 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	发展生态旅游的优势是环境、植物、野生动物、历史、文化的优势 , 我们必须注意一些问题 , 首先 , 重视整体分布 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双带rna产生了后期描述基因沉积技术 , 用于改变石油植物中的主要脂肪酸的相对比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据周一报道 , 中国继续成为世界第二大经济 , 在q3年 , 随着1.42亿美元的gdp , 与日本每天的1.37亿美元相比 , 中国仍然是世界2美元 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	民族反恐委员会说 , 特别军队杀死了2名军事和细节 , 并且在莫斯科郊区的第三个城市里获得了第三个人 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道站和电子显微镜观察了移骨神经凋亡的典型形态变化 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:分别对164名受害者进行回复教育、心理意见娱乐活动和各种心理学支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 分析了赵永明的诗歌写作意义 , 阐述了诗歌的原因 , 实现了观众的女性角度和价值 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行对贫困国家的财政部长的财政部长的贷款有着深刻的困难 , 急性失业 , 因此内部失业的不利 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场对磁场的影响下 , ap可以在大程度上分解到目标区域的目标区域 , 因此 , 非目标区的密度可明显降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	通过多个视角传递来自多个方面的运动缓慢的运动反馈证据收集 , 这种风格已经没有迅速 , 他准备准备为niu卡的观点 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	四江流域水污染的主要源源源源源源来自国内废水 , 然后非点源污染也很重要 , 产业贡献的水污染也很少 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文试图寻求军事主义思想的文化根源 , 通过对儒家思想、道德主义、莫赫主义等思想的影响 , 探讨军事主义思想的影响 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一种修复的组织代表了水平、平滑、平滑、平滑的组织 , 与周围的本土碳化合物的环境相结合 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	为了探讨椎体和肺脂栓塞的关系 , 以及水泥注射速度和pvp中pvp中pvmma泄漏的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	军队 , 2007年8月12日 , 2007年8月12日 , 展示了国家防御工业协会和能源协会的原型模块电力系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国冶金集团参观了一家铜矿的代表 , 来自中国国有公司 , 中国冶金集团 , 访问了一家铜矿的地点 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态障碍 , 快速的治疗速度 , 健康的皮肤细胞与表面3倍的非acid皮肤修复器 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	如何冷静的欢迎在沙迪房间里的冰绿色的玻璃 , 向头环绕着颜色和太阳外面的圆形 , 是太阳外面的圆形和灰尘的道路 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿在利比亚反叛运动中宣布的报告 , 克林顿在利比亚反叛运动中说的是 " 阿拉伯联盟 " 提供军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	到lbj的 " 大社会 " 等时 , 自由 " 的时候 , 有人称荣耀财富 , 花费其他人民币 " 自由购买票 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	由微软基金会的保罗·艾伦创建 , 自2003年开始以来 , 全球学院组成了一名小型人类大脑的大脑 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦人说: " 日末 , 设置和平是两个平行轨道 , 以色列不能在同时设置和平 " 谈判者萨布尔·埃尔·埃尔克特克塔说 。
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇人说 , " 世界上只有一个途径 , 而且这么困难你不会重新修改他们 , 你必须留下两年的沉默 , 没有笑话 。 "
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	艺术性的可编辑 , 开放的谷歌欢迎所有的商人参加全民主、恐惧、潜在生活的集体改革 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	今天 , 查姆家庭研究 , 发布的说 , 非法锁定在卡梅隆、印度、印度和巴西亚马逊的非法锁定已经下降了50% ;
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺在一起保持更好或更糟糕的人们 , 为了更糟糕 , 或者更糟糕的 , 在病人和健康中 , 为了激励和珍惜 , 直到死亡 , 直到死亡 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京 , 北京17号预算 , 15个当地时间 , 新华 , 匈牙利首都预算 , 一个人群的晚上泡沫 , 杀死了三个女性死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	要阅读更多的 , 如果选择雇佣移民代表的话 , 包含谁可以代表的信息 , 则可以在移民代表中检查cic的web页面 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学的实践特征包括内在的批评主义和建设方向 , 是基本的实践解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究的系统不仅能显示折叠和断裂 , 还可以应用gis函数 , 分析了自动生成地质文件和折叠断数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从一个新的角度 , 提出了一种基于遥感图像的多个特征 , 来克服pixel的分析方法的限制 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会已进入自动增长时期的峰值 , 车主在汽车上花费更多时间 , 从汽车到危险人民健康不能忽视 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph辐射扫描活动 , 减少了电力 , 总纯化合物的量 , 抑制氢氧化氢和超氧化氢离子辐射的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , cbot还引入了中国的先进产品 , 包括大巴、导电化合物、墨水凝胶、特殊钻井液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但可以一个智能的网格或精密的农场 , 每个机器都会信息 , 然后给出后的决策 , 明显减少能源使用 , 因此 , 温室气体污染吗 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	这个任务 " 发现和视图病人记录 " 可能被大多数组织使用 , 而且任务 " 创建和更新病人记录 " 可能只用来被传递和前桌面工作人员使用 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	随着结构光源的光源 , 大规模发现技术的主要缺点是 , 它不能获得光源光源的数据 , 或不能被光源的光源照射 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件dlet.toc.xml被引用为该插件的内容 , 这个文件将为eclipse左部的层次信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	针对数据采集的许多隐私储备算法 , 提出了数据采集规则、分类规则、集群等多种算法 , 但几个算法都是外观测 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女性和男性在一个简单的任务上工作时 , 比如搜索一个关键或做数学问题时 , 女性在同一时间都很容易地表现了男性 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	不能从129名法律制造商的支持下来 , 埃多先生在上周投票时 , 埃德安·盖茨瓦先生的委员会上周投票 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改进路由免疫:合作关系集中在减少警察和措施的疾病 , 也有助于建立一个更强的基础 , 建立了新的和存在疫苗的交付 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	gbagbo的发言人说 , 在西非联盟的首席执行官 , 西非洲联盟的发言人 , 西方的一名发言人是不可谈判的 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育不可能是本职业生涯的必要性 , 但你可以在门上获得足够的 , 更好地在自动训练和柴油技术项目的基本培训 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了取代健身金牌 , 请通过本部门的地区休闲服务办公室或运动中心 , 付费25美元 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	大中宝宝宝喜欢 " 大口和更多的谷物 , 肉 , 肉 , 厚厚 , 色彩 , 丰富的黄色 , 味道丰富的 " 和 " 中国名字 " 的 " 名字 " 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:回顾了天津10名医院10名医院10名医院呼吸部10名医院呼吸部的253例aecb的临床资料及抗生素抵抗措施 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	本文简要介绍了水性表面的原理和药物降低原理 , 简要综述了最近水性表面制备的新途径和最近进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效率和准确分类已经提高了321输入的齿轮磨削效率 , 从而提高了321的运行轨道的运行效率 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我正在寻找一个 " 出口 " 的时候 , 我被湖江的头部被湖江 , 为我生的女儿提供了一个灵活的速度 , 他现在几乎是5个月的 , 我的蜡烛和蜡烛 ;
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	另外 , 除了清洁技术可以使用无针塑性的塑料合成 , 用现代的压水或软洗涤 , 还可以使用无针的塑料 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	在他们的眼睛里 , 美元标志教授总是宣布最新革命管理技术或最热门的新闻集团的发现 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	周二的瑞典一直是戏剧性的 , 在一份报告显示 , 在8月份美国制造的报告显示 , 今年8月的第一次扩大到一半 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	澳大利福尼亚大学的建筑部主席玛丽·凯利亚大学的建筑部长玛丽·科里奥说: " 这个专业专业专业的最乐观 , 这里有40%的升级 。 "
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	该设计由法国建筑师jacquerie拍摄 , 一个基于水文建设项目的船舶 , 已被美国国家文化机构unsco返回 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放式的空间 , 四个创始人在桌子中间的桌子里 , 四个是samyagan , c.o 。
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 , 利用matlab软件分析了自适应梁的伺服算法 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	指定两个双臂单元和一个双臂单元 , 作为通信设备包装的一部分 , 每个lcs无需的表面汽车被开发到这些战争任务 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 律师捐赠了所有的负面、umum、cameras和个人糖尿病 , 从这些照片和文本 , 我们发现了一个外部和优雅生活的故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	在阿尔蒂时 , 空气压力较低 , 所以气动力学效应如拖拉和升 , 最终导致球运动速度快 , 直径比他们更低的态度 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	世界股市 , 由msci测量 , 本周高达51/2周 , 随着投资者的增长 , 全球股市 , 每年投资者将有10亿美元的现金收入到工作 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	综合介绍和具体的分析 , 对学生的练习和教师的操作、选择、组织、表达、内容、内容、编译、编译、编译、教师的手册进行了概念和分析 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	假如你太高兴了 , 离开房子的限制 , 没有插入电话 , 锁下门 , 把整个周末花在家里 , 完全没有什么东西 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	像利亚早期一样 , 印度亚洲的一样 , 犹太人保持了一个中国风格的局限 , 为了在亚洲南部的决定和一个部落状态规则 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 它感觉像你一样熟悉 , 比如在麦达达拉烹饪一只叶片 , 还有在熟悉的周围的陌生感觉 , 比如tokyotokyo 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林癌症的增加 , 平均高和直径也增加 , 但美国地区的数量减少 , 更新销售的分布从任务到统一的变化 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含在人类皮肤过敏反应、非毒、无害、无味、左右的gm , 推出良好的耐久性、耐磨性好、耐磨性好、耐磨性好 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	卡米利塔蒙蒂尔 , 一名二十岁的维格林 , 只是在橘子的水里沐浴 , 正是把玫瑰叶子放在皮尔内拉的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们使用这样的工具 , 在@toprank增长自己的twitter存在 , 以及日常基础上的客户机 , 学习了twitter最好的实践和工具最好的工作 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以生成特定免疫反应 , 主要通过活化肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤抗原 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	本发明的主要生命交换发明 , 从icecreamcons和瓶装水到电灯 , 自动汽车和erereroplanes被带来了成功的暴露 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月晚些时候 , si出版了他在新线程网站上发布了他的调查 , 这是中国研究社区的著名的 " 伪科学 " 和学术错误导弹 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	hcv特异的cd8细胞反应已经准备在急性hcv感染患者的急性hcv感染 , 不管病毒诊断或病毒特异性cd4t细胞反应 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我也感谢布鲁斯·李先生的家庭为他们的全心支持 , 李先生的窗户 , 个人帮助我们准备一个前住宅的布局计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	shin以前的索洛努力包括2005年覆盖专辑 " 特别感谢...最后的选择 " , 然而他最新的兴趣 " , " 我是 " 标志shin " 的第一位专辑 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市 , 运动模块已经从当地政府面临的变化 , 作为他们的足球、篮球、篮球和篮球的价格建立新的宫殿 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于porcelain是陶瓷 , 所以玻璃类似 , 它的表面平滑 , 不像老的债券材料 , 它不会留下咖啡 , 红葡萄酒或香烟 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉·瓦格尔金设计是澳大利亚国际采购商 , 需要购买纺织物和织物、家具、家具、礼物、陶瓷、陶瓷等产品 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重的绝对增长 , 前肢体重 , 身体长度 , 身体长度 , 后肢长度 , 后肢长度 , 第三齿长度呈现正常分布模式 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	西班牙 , 意大利 , 意大利 , 意大利 , 希腊人似乎是古老的文化史蒂格玩耍的 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式还参加了王庆庆、凌江、王华、大庆、美国副总统乔布格丹、国务卿克林顿和其他陪伴人员 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	拉丁的思想挑战了传统心理治疗的观点 , 引起人们查询这些基本假设 , 使他们的生活和思想 , 离开了心理实践的标志 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰·莱德罗·格里伊在西娜官方网站上讲话了下一场联赛: " 是的 , 是我对米兰的一场比赛 , 但现在我想赢得这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	测试结果表明 , 在pca前2年产生的模型预测了95.8%的内部样本和93.3% , 外部样本中有97.5%和90% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	他说: " 这次预算通过弗兰克林·罗斯福和林肯·约翰逊和乔治·布什总统在1789年的债务增加了更多的债务 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	奥运会武装了一个 , 看看看你的眼睛和眼睛 , 手臂 , 腿 , 脚 , 手臂 , 手臂和手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂和手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 ,
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	它还拥有高级教师 , 所有有外交学位 , 其中包括一位国家关键教师位置 , 两位北京关键教师名单 , 六名与西城关键教师 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	描述vti媒体的宏观速度模型与目前速度估计方法相同 , 同时可以同时适应异常的缺血 , 弱静脉和强静脉 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , 在表达水平或活动中 , ptp1b相关的任何变化可能影响胰岛素签名 , 并且可能会影响胰岛素抵抗力 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国的支持者亚历史主义者戴着他的总理红发射箱 , 因为他离开了11个街道 , 让年度预算转换为常见的房子 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	采用mtsay测试了nk细胞的杀死活性和弹簧细胞的增殖速率 , 并测试了t细胞子d4+ , cd8+的直接免疫荧光度 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园可能会轻轻松的房子 , 真正湖泊 , 全部设备高端家具 , 所有的礼物 , 所有的礼物 , 全部的礼物 , 美丽的通信 , 丰富的气体 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在sperm和oocyte中 , 证明了钙信号在一系列复杂的过程中具有很大的作用:吸附、吸附、氧化反应、肥胖、胚胎清洁等方面具有重要的作用 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南龙选择了质量吸引的猪肉菜 , 加入新鲜鸡蛋的比例 , 纯净的芒果淀粉 , 姜和小颗粒的海洋油 , 搅拌成粉末 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	唐尼亚的选举和前利比亚领导人穆达菲的戏剧性谴责了伊朗人吸引的插件来吸引萨拉迪省华盛顿 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icsbbtv是上海媒体广播有限公司的一家品牌新广泛的电视客户机 , 使得人们看到了ic的编码 , 都是免费的 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 埃塞俄比亚南部的一座城镇 , 帝国梅尼克决定摧毁意大利亚的意大利人口 , 安全认知埃塞俄比亚独立 , 人口21 , 107 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是 , 只有这样的例子 , 可以实现更多的思想和智能的运动 , 我不会说智能设计 , 智能设计可以解决这个问题 , 才能正确地解决这个问题 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体周二报道 , 四月7日 , 四月7日强大地震袭击中央意大利 , 至少150人死亡 , 伤亡了70万名无家庭媒体 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事部门 , 船员在毁灭者 , 编码ddg169武汉 , 实现了全面运动 , 重点对快速响应、检查和模拟攻击 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗的消息在所有这些事情中都是这样的 , 我没有做错误 , 我只是在这里获得法律 , 我在这里给我人 , 为了荣誉我民族和我民族的传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	像以前的攻击一样 , 星期三在香港的忙碌北部的事故 , 北部的腐蚀液体显然从附近的高层建筑中排出来 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	尽管中央银行认为 , 中央银行认为经济不能承受的稳定价格 , 经济的水平最终被集中需求决定 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	它们的研究对象是在脂肪中吃蔬菜整个食物的10%的食物 , 从脂肪中走30分钟 , 使用压力教育技术 , 每周的支持 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街道站着科克里斯 , 各种手工工的苏格斯 , 拥有爱尔和木雕 , 最喜欢的鸟类 , 花朵 , 形状的寿命 , 是旅游的地方 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究的目的是描述了正常的太威成年人正常的pinch强度规范 , 探讨年龄、性别、高度、重量和尺寸长对pinch强度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州公路104个国家公路 , 北京铁路通过北部和南部运行 , 自从古代的fdbwawa3 , 九个省的fdbwafare 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年代和1970年代以来 , 它是从汽车组装建的最高岩石 , 由于大量363英尺的sarturnv岩石被用来启动阿波罗宇航员到月球上 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何生活在远程山地区的微妇女 , 了解了阴阳鱼 , 汉文化的典型象征孤独 , 体现了元阳哲学所谓的阴阳哲学 。
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	周二和周二 , 学生在学校的行政建筑外保持了数千名学生的和平示威 , 学生说 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严肃地运用了17个cpc国家国会精神 , 为抗腐工作和清洁和诚实的政府建设 , 96 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 商务部发布了 " 数千名农村村 " 的商务部 , 官方发布了 " 正式发布 " 数千名农村村 " 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	建筑在其专业的技术上 , 三星nx10运动的三星系nx10运动一个大型的远程屏幕 , 交换远镜和相比的lcd屏幕 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能会导致波尔冰洞熔化 , 迫使人类生活在骨骼成本的船上 , 或者把牛奶流动停止 , 把纽约市变成巨大的冰管 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险微化原理 , 研究了误差参数c和核心参数对支持矢量机的支持能力的影响 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过完整的句子的分析和整个句子的概念逻辑系统 , 我们有一个很好的解决方案 , 完整的句子的行为 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的路径上 , 基督教冲击 , 一个极端主义者 , 表示 " 无论是来自总统 , 他们成为法庭主义者 , 以及国家成为巴纳共和国 。 "
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	正如詹姆尔贝尔哈j , 唐尼亚公共债务总监 , 提出: " 对于我们保持固定和浮动债务成本的最佳结合 , 保持我们的债务成本的最佳结合 。 "
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	设计访问电子控制和诊断系统 , 例如发动机、柴油泵、齿轮、刹车、asd、asdr、sr、srs、srs、电气屋面控制、dshelpan和a/加热等 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	律师的协会应当根据律师律师法律法律 , 律师自我规定 , 按照律师法律法律 , 律师律师的协会和专业规则 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	鉴别老年性悲伤患者的循环功能 , 主要是因为低血压造成的重要原因 , 但对心脏不足的分化可能是必要的 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们谈论了五个核心竞争在社会和情绪学习中 , " 威斯伯格说 , " 自我意识、社会意识、关系技能和责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 水净化 , 水洗涤 , 水洗涤 , 水洗涤 , 粉末消除设备 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了一种基本原理和仿真方法 , 初步研究了一种基于ullcopleroadm的基本原理 , 特别是在ybranch结构的耦合性能及其耦合性能 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治·布什正常在床上被1000毫米 , 马斯蒂松 , 拿破仑 , 苏格兰萨·米尔在4.30米的布什 , 最严肃的海明威是那些被称为拉克 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	结论 , 采用酸性和碱性水解法 , 氨基酸分析法和tg法形成了某些间质分子交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 同意 , 正在迫使联合国在某些传统武器 " 一个协议附加的协议 , 所以为集群武器提供立法性 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 在经济价值的基础上 , 这些损失将达到900亿美元的800亿美元 , 将总信贷损失1.7亿美元 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	美国代表周五宣布 , 苏巴基的评论将于周五召开700亿美元的银行计划 , 预计将在周五投票700亿美元的银行计划下滑 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可证人要求向许可证人协议为此提供资金 , 并且许可证人要求从许可证人、不可签名、地理检索许可证 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	基于发酵的瑜伽小时 , 我们用新鲜的牛奶作为原料 , 添加了蜂蜜、精子和糖 , 以产生水果香味的细菌 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	波尼尼亚尼斯曾经称为蒙瓦斯 " 一个石头 " 的船只 , 而那些曾经访问过 " 冲突 " 的船只 , 萨尔托的地球美 " 提供了 " 现实世界 " 的重新逃离 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种发生时 , 胰腺素产生更大量的补偿 , 用胰岛素水平与胰岛素水平相关 , 血液中胰岛素的高水平相关 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	这种专利推广公式 , idre包含临床上有效地证实自然成分 , 以解决男性激素调制的5个关键阶段 , 以解决男性激素调制的5个重要阶段 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行资源表示 , 虽然一个完整的采取 , 但一些公司可能在亚洲 , 包括中国莱诺夫集团和台湾的利诺夫集团的竞争对手 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	讨论了农业建设调整的必要性和思考 , 分析了湘南市农业现状的基础 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单个基本模式垂直性激光器的潜在应用 , 如光网、光网、光通信、光通信和激光印刷等 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年花费在2010年下降了1.3% , 德国防部建议了几个军队基地 , 并从25000000到18万名军队的数量减少了180万 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	邱林是新颖的 , 重度对她来说 , 但她对别人的眼睛有假设 , </p>qulin到主任 , 坚持自己 , 董事赞赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	肯定等待2008年第四季度的增长数字 , 就像mud对大多数分析师一样清晰 , 这个世界上第三大经济的事实发生了什么 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全面的市场经济 , 我们必须拥有更好的破产法律 , 应该重新恢复当前的银行法律缺乏个人破产的缺乏 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过仿真和修改 , 得到了较为准确的实验数据 , 得到了亚氨基多米辐射的振动曲线 , 最后得到了线性系数为0.995 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累答案 , 但因为我提交 , x , 只要将x更多的负面保持x和更多的负面 , 因为它就会在无限的循环 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	约旦 , 副总统乔布登 , 回应今天共和国nbc访问 , " 我听到了很多批评 , 但我从来没有听到任何事情 。 "
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一个独特的环境 , 山地范围具有吸引它的生活形式 , 然而 , 这个挑战为物种适应和进化提供了必要的动力 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 它可以帮助实验 , 使葡萄糖血浆造成了理想的价值 , 可以显著降低实验、节省人力资源和时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 所有的事情都考虑了主机robertsiegel问安东尼卡瓦 , 乔治敦大学教育中心的主任 , 如果这个工作是正确的 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个超逊商务 , 邀请您的专业或意义 , 一个信任的朋友知道你的业务 , 而如果你可以做到一个小时的费用账户或帐户 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国在能源的风险下 , 中国对能源带来了国家的风险 , 达到了 " 太空煤的风险 " 的风险 , 当煤的需求将显示国内生产能力 , 一个专家相信的数量 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了雕塑陶瓷作品 , 虽然抽象 , 在自然世界上 , 简单的曲线和破坏形式探索生物形状和结构生长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节约计划在孩子年轻的资产中管理了一个非常积极的小组 , 换成更保守的portffolio , 因为孩子附近的孩子已经年龄 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中药和晚期粉末 , 成熟水果缺乏白色的皮肤 , 细腻 , 质量高 , 适合于春天早期冻结的处理或粗粉末 , 计划在春天 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国拥有4000家公司 , 根据巴迪u的资金签订了第一季度 , 在客户端的广告中 , 只有16万家 , 0.4%的总结只有0.4% 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	越来越多的时候开放 , 看看雅虎开发商网络的采访 , 尼特的桌面获得了frid , 高级软件架构后的男人开放式聚集 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在icrp1990年建议中 , 介绍了一种新的重量因素----重量因素---------------------------------wrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr-rp , 来替换质量因素q , 用于修改吸收剂量因素q , 来代代代代代代吸收的质量因素q ,
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	描述了连续语音信号的最大幅度的标记方法 , 在语音信号的基础上 , 提出了一种基于语言信号的全局闭合实例的基础 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	利物浦经理今晚总统在上八场比赛中 , 利物浦总统在上场八场比赛中 , 他称他是 " 100% " 的球队开始攀登桌子 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这个技术来达到目标gm植物时 , 我们可以简单地识别并杀死gm株没有打击传统的植物 , " 深告诉网络 。
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上拖出来 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " 比尔克一位关于mu的心理3教授说 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	尽管许多人仍然继续识别黑色眼睛 , 但赵勒说它从来没有在审计中出现的风格 , 只要它也不会太重视 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	上海 , 深圳和广州移动到12 , 23rd和23rd之间 , 中国城市获得了加强对大多数货币的一些增强 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	因此 , 通常使用静态vml文件 , 即使该选项提供了灵活性 , 反应性和可扩展性 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然炭 , 党的生活 , 我们的情绪 , 智慧触摸着心灵 , 重新鲜艳的哈兹尔 , 突然带来了多样的味道 , 突然生活相对 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata , 另一家大型采矿公司 , 支持在domican共和国的镍矿 , 而在煤炭上转换它的能源 , 而且比煤的昂贵 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据重要价值 , 北京文化自然储备蔬菜可以分为3种植物类型、5种植物类型、42种类型、139种类型和139个协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的东西 , 因为如果你在宇宙的直径附近的答案 , 你会知道你可能会做错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2010年1月15日 , 美国宇航局发射和反射辐射器在宇航卫星上捕捉这些伪造物图像 , 2010年1月21日 , 2003年1月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	由于染色体基因 , 由于染色体的累积信息 , 由于染色体和蛋白质的积累信息 , 深入了解单分子的作用 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死海矿物提高皮肤细胞代谢减轻肌肉裂纹和稳定性 , 保护体对流体损失和平衡酸碱水平的保护 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司为哈登、正常化、温度高、中温度高、金属钢炉淬火、水泥、时间冻结、高温处理等领域 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	马海洋化工程部 , 南华大学张海和刘海通化工系 ; 国家化学纤维修改的国家关键实验室 ; 东华大学化学材料 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约 , 美国:nasau县警察在马桶外的最佳购买电子商店 , 星期五 , 标志着传统购物季节的传统开始 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国帮助者罗德尼·克宁汉姆的志愿者 , 感谢低收入家庭的食物 , 他将得到一盒盒盒子 , 把自己喂养了四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 武河拥有一种保养能源 , " 孟庆说 , 今年的艺术主任 , 今年的战争节日 , " 在内容和预算方面 , 他们给我们完成自由 。 "
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	经过欣赏展览后 , 科尔先生在展览上买图片的几种方式下买下的东西 , 显示了心脏感受主作品的影响 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	分析了纤维级宠物芯片的分布结果 , 从内部粘度、二乙烯glicol含量、熔化点、羧基末端、聚集粒子和粉末等方面 , 分析了纤维素芯片的分布结果 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在眼睛跟随儿子的眼睛里 , 丰富的棕色大大幅的美丽正在传播 , 比如耶和华的脸 , 发出一个光的辐射射射射 , 显示人们心灵完美的生物精神 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 在统一战争结束后 , 元石皇帝库布拉汉终于结束 , 坚决发布了一个订单的南城墙 , 严格解决了修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	主要发现在肾脏病变小管和腹部细胞中 , pdgf的表达主要是在肾脏病变小管和全球血管内的表达中发现 , 但在移植动动动动动动动动动动脉的igf1 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	朱莉·詹森说: " 我不知道我想要的是什么 , 但我告诉我的客户不要说: " 我不知道这么做 。 "
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	在任何水平上 , 当地政府的预算包括收入减少的水平和收入 , 以及政府在高水平上反映或补贴的资金 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	或许你可能有一些愉快、愤怒、愤怒的小时 , 甚至在贫困的房子里 , 这个设置太阳在窗户的窗户中反映出来 , 就像富人的上面那样明亮 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	至少20名当地马达拉斯学生已经失望 , 大多数可能加入阿富汗战斗 , 他说 , 塔利班后者甚至试图停止传统的音乐和舞蹈 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据我国医学院的诊断和程度建立的诊断标准 , 选取81例中药学院81例中药或中药哮喘患者的81例 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这是基于aix5.3的变化 , 当你不再需要把严格的xclient转换成 , 增加free和maxm , 或者减少少了小型 , maxperm和maxclient 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	cbos电压指数或vix.vix , 华尔街所谓的恐惧标准 , 尽管在今天早些时候 , 商人看到的很少原因购买保护 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教会议会议会议会在1999年举行会议 , 2004年在澳大利亚南非、巴塞罗纳、西班牙、西班牙和下一次会议 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在击败北美的尾巴结束 , 可能是病毒可能会出现并重复下一个秋天 , 但这给我们做好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 知道每个游戏都是赢得的 , " 拉姆·奥迪斯周六在练习中说 , " 所以我们下午10分钟 , 六分钟左后 , 我们知道我们可以回来和赢得这场比赛 。 "
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , 建立和证明了tmc的工作流程 , 进入企业客户机系统的工作流程依赖于空间书籍和gds的服务能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	据一份声明 , 保守的火灾品牌签署了一个多年的交易 , 为了作为一个fox新闻发布者 , 电缆通道的执行副总裁billsh说 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	国际社区花了500万美元的估计 , 美国高级官员在最近几周被称为 " 完美 " 的投票 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	他们补充说: " 因此 , 当设计研究时 , 有一个需要考虑饮食习惯 , 来评估黄酮类食物、抗氧化剂活性和变性疾病之间的联系 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后 , 我们还说 , 如果你看到电子的元素 , 电子稳定性和电子传输 , 就可以实现octet稳定性 , 还可以实现电子的电子传输 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效的位置算法和错误估计 , 提出了基于化学shev映射的公钥方案 , 并给出了一种基于化学协议的关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三醇、三甲醛和氨基酸制备了六种新型schiff三聚酯三聚氰胺 , 合成了这些化合物的合成 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带来了旧包裹案件和破碎厨房椅的座位 , 以及那种类似的东西 , 把它们从rafter到rafter上传到了地板上 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 科卡可拉南太平洋广告称 " 母亲和妈妈 " 的广告 , " 特别受欢迎澳大利亚演员克里强烈的欢迎 , 声称凯克是 " 孩子安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	建议 , 人类胚胎肺纤维素纤维细胞的恶性变化可能由cofc诱导 , 可能对人类有潜在的癌症 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	单晶硅膜的单晶硅薄膜或单晶硅膜的单晶硅膜的生长和激光对单晶硅膜的生长进行了阐述 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	民营二级学校不太可能成功地成功 , 在自己的情况下 , 吸引学生的质量高 , 学校必须有很高的质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论她2的表达状况与胃癌相关 , 血管癌的阳性表达是胃癌的重要前列腺癌 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcrrrrrcr4mrna在两个细胞线中表达的基因芯片和rtpcrcrcr4mrna表达法测定了cxcr4mrna的表达式 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	纽约的寿险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险保险公司的性能不会提高 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	这样的语言或ruby建立脚本 , 比如govy或ruby , 更容易阅读 , 更容易地读 , 编译代码 , 以及您的建立脚本可以更好 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马皇家的秋天并不毁坏了新文化的最重要的思想和重要的方面之一 , 罗马天主教堂仍然是新文化的中心因素之一 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西先生 , 他领导了杜普 , 最大的联盟党 , 是一名80岁的抗议临床人士 , 他花费了他和共和党领导人一样的共和党领导人 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国的婴儿体育者正在涌入退休 , 欧洲市场正在繁荣 ; 印度和中国大学毕业人数低 , 真正高质量候选人数 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年 , 纳米尔电影《chinatown》是基于内部的土地gab , 以及1930年代的海水和电力部门 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	在m111发动机测试台上 , 采用gb/t19230.62003指定的测试方法 , 研究了不同的油藏在空气输入阀和燃烧室的影响 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果几百名海地人能够迁徙 , 那些多数万名海地人 , 这些潜艇 , 霍尔南或萨尔瓦多数人认为 , 海地的承诺将给海地的经济带来巨大的和继续的联系 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记住 , 中国拒绝对日本的旅游者 , 并且保持三分之一的日本武装力量 , 防止他们从被转移到其他合作的力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我猜我说 , 虽然我不会把金融输入我们家庭的财务输入 , 但我做的志愿者工作足够重要 , 但有些人得到付钱 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回来的大气越来越多 , </p><11周 , 11岁 , 雨 , 然后吃两个好信号 , 如果一周都觉得自己的耳朵很好 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	比如英国联盟的相对新竞选团体 , 比如英国联盟将参加传统政治 , 包括贸易联盟、绿色和草坪组 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	采用双峰特征 , 实现了平衡温度的平衡温度 , 其中至少有两次水碳填充在pinghu形成的储层中发生 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	这种液体很热 , 由上奥多利亚的平洋温度高达50°c , 增加了碳酸盐岩的氢生成率至少32倍 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	采用高温蒸汽制成的自动溶剂和压力烹饪器 , 研究了高温蒸汽处理对绿茶含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧形轨迹的几何模型 , 建立了其分析解决方案 , 提出了一种新的目标攻击分析算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我的观点下 , 晚餐党可以加强友谊的友谊 , 但不会忘记我们不应该放弃别人的痛苦 , 而享受自己 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	本馆由12个透明的橙色圆筒房间制成 , 展览的各种功能:会议室、信息增加、食物站和广告列 , 例如 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中海文化的礼物 , 全球文化大使将在印度海洋美丽的阿拉普拉戈国家搜索领域举行 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业巡逻在城市文明的亭台附近 , 日本一直注意参加世界博览会 , 肯定不会失望你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧、东欧、澳大利亚、中东、中东、南亚、美国等地区的南部和东南部 , 我们每月都有规定的货物 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三十五十二条选择合同的有限订单可以立即执行订单 , 或者必须立即执行 , 或者必须立即执行完整或其他合同 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名为他主权的忠诚 , 蒋蒙是朝鲜的诗人 , 学者和著名部长 , 他相信在朝鲜和韩国时代的儒家主义 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	女人或女孩的服装 , 装饰 , 夹克 , 裤子 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裤子 , 裤子 , 兔子 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部和短裤子 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	具有 " 大感 " 的商业正在绘制一下彩色的声音 , 作为美好的信仰者或未来的蓝色印刷的描述 , 或指出未来的一代疯狂 ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	研究结果表明 , gekogeo可能提高患者的卵巢功能障碍、卵巢功能障碍等病人 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的探讨采用电泳检查和访问神经的诊断率的机制和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	通过对某些项目例子结合 , 提出了桥梁可导航线的桥梁导航标准 , 另外 , 提出了几个建议 , 实现目前导航标准 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这个乌拉队中 , 有一个令人惊讶的离开了 , 马西·佩西拉的伤病时期 , 最后一分钟的比赛变成了霍尔兰的守卫时间 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月27日 , 华盛顿出生的歌手玛丽娅·凯莉出生于1970年3月27日出生在华盛顿 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地军队的平静利亚松官员 , 驾驶员说 , 如果他们的旗帜飞出 , 就会面临错误 , 或者是一个周期徒 , 伤害他们 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 在阿拉伯思想的六天战争的记忆中 , 随着以色列新鲜的记忆 , 他因为一位犹太女人 , 巴巴巴布拉斯·斯蒂斯蒂斯和在电影中造成了四名女孩 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄站在后面 , 围绕柔软绿谷的溪流 , 就像海洋的三年的老孩子的暴雨和激情 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品并不仅表达了深刻的历史 , 以及不稳定的民族诗歌的灵魂 , 但达到了当前事务的美学特色和社会美学特色的完美融合 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	最谦虚的帕丁逊 , 由迷人的rpatz承认 , 他仍然被用来到那个迷宫里 , 在2008年他第一次在第二次电影中打败的时候 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	奥巴马说 , 当危机不折叠和市场的时候 , 投资者看起来很廉价的股票 , 期望在18至24个月正常收入正常 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 进一步的武器切割 , 两个希望 , 可以顺利推动电池核非增殖治疗的路径 。
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年7月7日 , 世界杯半决赛中 , 西班牙的卡尔·普莱尔在德国的目标球员曼努尔在2010年7月7日在德国的7月7日举行了半决赛 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	在恢复过程中 , 福特的信心增加了信心 , 福特表示 , 它将开始推动400万辆汽车水平 , 最近几个月维持的400万辆汽车水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街表示 , 总理大卫·卡梅隆决定用自己的个人摄影师 , 这样就避免 " 错误信号 " 公众释放的错误 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自从2010年2月被选为总统 , 元科夫奇先生在两个方向上移动 , 巩固自己的个人权力 , 而且与欧洲联盟采取经济整合 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 采用重复复制成 , 单杠式液压盘前面 , 液压背包 , 站起钢轮 , 进入红色 , 进入红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天大电视屏幕上 , 伊丽莎白 , 42岁的伊丽莎白 , 她的父亲在24年的时间里 , 她的24岁的时间里面对着她的父亲 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐将提高185万美元的房间公园 , 为第二部电影提供场景 , " 桥桥琼斯:原因的边缘 。 "
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自从1956年英国独立以来 , 苏丹北部领导人已经足以扩大他们的权力 , 在过去的48年里 , 把一名民事战争 , 把一名民事战争 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这是 , 直到十九世纪的伟大的建筑发现 , 直到十二世纪的历史发现 , 这是我们在东部的伟大的文明 , 我已经绘制了一部很有可能的生活地图 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	三星期三 , 伯恩斯坦分析师jeffreylindsaysaysaysautahoey估计 , 每股25美元 , 每股25美元左右 , 每股0美元 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	突然他有一个危机 , 我不会进入它的深度但我们的银行 , 因为他们想做更多的钱 , 我们的投资银行 , 华尔街的投资银行 , 就会给它提供不同的抵押贷款 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品的版本 , 总共381磅 , 因此 , 将它们分布到欧洲学者 。 杰伊瓦·辛格在他的 " 引入马多米哲学 " 的介绍中 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家isobekatsushiro和mizunoryo继续遵循日本beau的理想风格 , 一幅画了他的铅笔的昆虫世界 , 另一个建筑的大气 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有几个旅游区 , 比如多伦敦 , 马里斯 , 德里斯 , 科斯塔罗 , 科斯塔尔 , 科斯坦多拉 , 多数旅游者和当地旅游者都不知道 。
