there is a television in the middle of living room .	住房中心有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新建筑上 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果必要的话 , 我们将发送一个电信家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	你把他们放在你第一个海边的厨房里 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	无疑的朱克斯塔定位是可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他正在向上面的大猫走过去 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但他的老师评论: " 你还不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是中国梦的一年 , 显然显示出来 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	2010年10月17日 , 我将加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里无任何东西 , 没有什么东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料的供应极大增强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种步行牵引器在柴油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一种塑料覆盖 , 用于类型的作家 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它具有螺旋结构 , 由刚果红色显示出 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是学生我们在免费电荷的学生 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是什么心理学家梦想在晚上 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那他不会突然离开 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了评估关注批评 ; 专业 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人结婚赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多是问一点沉淀吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力受到反应力的影响 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	联系老知识 , 揭示新课程 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	肯定是华庆池 , 这是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	所有我的小蜡烛火焰都烧了出来 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我已经称之为 " 威威威基 " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	病人受害 , 死亡受害 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	指出每个阀门的操作声音水平 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们被划成直线 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	b:在哪里 , 看着棕色哈尔的鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在巴黎 , 维罗塔的回归后 , 巴黎的一党 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	有些人来自狭窄的jail细胞 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	萨尔玛问她丈夫在家里回家时问她的丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我带着深海 , 压抑在新鲜 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	2003年早些时候我是一名编辑 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	随着这种伟大的胜利来临不合理的期望 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近在公司有很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但是 , 固定的鸭子是种类之间的矛盾 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听到那样 , 她的脸对嘴唇有白色 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	这并不足以说有些经济增长 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子多么肮脏 , 它有很多尘埃 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	那么约书让人们离开 , 每个人都向他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	在案例中 , 字符libra的协调应该遵守 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	路上 , 几个乘客希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了ap主页的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆车来 , 一辆汽车去 , 一辆汽车两辆车 , 一个人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古老的野生独立和多尔文连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我在我的荣誉上 , 我不知道这是什么 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是绑定/unbind方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多的花朵有几个破碎的黎波 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲利是一种特殊的负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活中最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是计划3 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	即使是孩子 , 摩西选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家家的家庭变成了教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	您可以看到parley.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的沙迪房间和干燥的地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	详细给出了每个观点的选择 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在一家宠物店买了一款喷雾的鲨鱼 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性被系统使用 , 并不应修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 克莱克的狗小了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰已经忘记了他自行车周期下跌了 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	参加者:当然 。 奶奶和糖 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的接待是最平面的种类 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅再次见到约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我已经失去了我的词典 , 请给我留下你的 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英文是如此困难的 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这就是我们如何得到frenheit范围 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说话 , 她没有与世界联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由交叉截面连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克隆默:我发现美国的初步高度问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去通常所有的技术博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	不 。 这是人们如何指的是小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她等着法国的病人来完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁都有下列基本属性 。
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些都是各种用户的包装 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接过去是阿拉科建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400的伟大的vel转移开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为 " 环境 " 的单子属性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的哥哥哥和年轻妹妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	所以 , 家庭保护怎么做 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 阿比亚发现她在她的口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 没有人曾经是一个与他一起 , 没有人在一起 。 "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在我们在磁学课前 , 我们有很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米比苏小 。 苏格比李更小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	软皮肤 , 红唇 , 所以吻合 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 元数据存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他完美作为敏感但强大的记者 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	所有它都看到的是所有的元素 , 都是相同的 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	必须将文件系统卸入修改 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	女士:你意味着 , 你是否拥有吗 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	周一你觉得我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	通过软件开关设置支持j1939 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生一直在与明星节工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	赢家是第一个空间里画三个人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张斌简单回答 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看不远超过惊奇的肌肉制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛浏览成小的峰值 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	离开了她的爱者 , 她把她的爱情带走了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的是 , 不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个公寓 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻通过观众发出了一名欺骗者 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后将电池驱动到轮子里 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请向学校返回完整的表格 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张照片值一千个字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这完全是错误的答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 冰雪 , 霜 , 和海上回来 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	这种类型是老的 , 已是平滑的 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的伙伴可能是本星期可怕的 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我一直对我所有权利感的行动相反 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	清除链驱动车轮 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是校园的英雄特征 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但命运并没有给他们提供机会继续的机会 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我愿意重复它的荣誉 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子太接近传输机上 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	塔西德里:好吧 , 是你的幸运 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	增加真正的不稳定表数 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送到大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一声喊道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联的骑士在他的arar中死去 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水走下他的喉咙 , 他开始选择 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花朵和精神像玉一样 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们住在哪种土地 ? 是好或坏吗 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一条松子 , 被河淹没了 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 或者其他最大伤害 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	不 , 我认为你能去吧 , 我甚至不能得到旗帜 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的时候 , 经过一分钟的一分钟 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督对母亲说的是什么 , 让她想哭泣 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道 , 50年内最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你想像这些抽象更加抽象的东西 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个学期 , 我一年看见五月的父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法对甲醇原料溶解 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	对于她的眼睛来说 , 爱情是闪亮的 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但信用是汽车业务的生命 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者对你有序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你是否有经历在你的帕贾马的经验 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬发很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和妻子是一个快乐的夫妇 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 有很多不确定它将涉及的东西 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决策中得到了错误 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在玩完后直接回家 , 是什么 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行为并不符合他的话 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 。 他高高 , 强烈 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但他们太恐怖地降低睡眠 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写了这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一名帕根...谁担心的偶像 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在这个数字游戏中 , 它将它转换为1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请改变单房间 , 用浴缸 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但改变的事情是不可忽视的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行者从未看到任何东西 , 就像这样 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	过度喜欢 , 她跳出房子 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	苦苦苦的冲浪生活 ; 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它把我们家的房子转成葬礼的帐篷 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或许可能是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以这是解决方案的混合 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能给我一个高兴的城镇吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	在输入箱之后 , 进入几条新线 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	一个:没有清洁的绿色来到这里 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有通讯都在写作 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 小女孩在时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以在一个家庭中引起恐怖的猴子 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	新学校选择了一个网站 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他替换了哥哥哥 , 作为目标者 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的花朵 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周可能是一个例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导体:镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	然而 , 我还没有从喷雾中恢复 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	一个扭矩象征着亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮完全进入西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生儿童中提高了这些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但首先 , 有人必须把他们带到他们的交通坦克 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们在他们的房间里 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后把东西放在火上 , 燃烧它 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章都可以在我们的brary中获得 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住这是不错的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 不管怎样 , 债务会大 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	然后我记得回来 , 我在家里遇见你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停止每头3200美元的时钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有点钟问题 , 您将需要修改这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司法设备 , 用户需要联系我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不能根据人民的威胁 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我称为时 , 他正在在做汉姆克的时候 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上一张传输的照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	大象 , 你的耳朵就像圆形 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嗨 , 你周五是免费的 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.roundrobin在顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我把它放在工作上 , 伤害我的心脏 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我感觉到有点惊奇的微笑 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿飞可以文献上一个植物干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场18岁 , 18岁的河板 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	这样 , 我不想一夜飞行 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过了公共汽车 , 因为他已经晚了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 枪在手里 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 , 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他已经有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑不放在项目0中 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么所有最好的党都在岛屿上找到了吗 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有着直直直、上升 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	我的房间里 , 土地人把一个新停在我的房间里 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	公司是一家世界领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一双双双脚的木头被印象 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	研制了fermi操作器的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深刻的事情 , 正如你教的 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 !
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给出一些数据来解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9锤钻每个宝宝 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来那么痛苦 , 我在他身上拿着一件东西 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	那是我第一爱 , 我也怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你需要在非hk股票中交易 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在已经在我家了20多年了 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗将不会学到新的尝试 。
minutes of board committee meetings	董事会委员会的一分钟会议会议 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们发现在饥荒期间被惩罚 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头上稳定 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接会员拥有一个高级的洞 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	在l值与r值之间区别 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	shine , 您不能有任何消息 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好吧 , 我有五分钟左右 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是一段时间的东西 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	舒张度计可使得小 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远离大连是多远的 ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	照明逮捕者安装在哪里 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 自从心脏 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而中国迅速上升了这一共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会赢得背骨的战斗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	它鼓励你 , 相反 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	我记得在这里曾经是几年前的 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员对心理和平 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛蒂试图在火中保持他的头 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看看吗 ? 像吃食物 , 还有 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛轻轻轻松和快乐 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须可持续 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方都能获得创业资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们是独立的 , 但他们却是补充的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵们在酒吧里躺下来 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 非常清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你会去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把声音降低到一个威斯勒 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本气体申请检查 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是一个白色的索克斯球迷 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最爱的三角 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是带着你的财务 , " 她说 。
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我非常满意 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的部分利益都是可保障的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望他能再次看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤河清 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和这些衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但它也是一个存在的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	这艘船在船头上挣扎着摇滚头 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他被必要的驱动 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班上有五十名学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我会买那美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你很高兴在麻烦的水中钓鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我会带我的叶子 , 像一只蝴蝶飞行 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一个3pimafiastle适合 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	牧师吉塔:确保有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	未发现了设计的蜂窝类型 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	奥克森对世界产生了很大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长的监管放在铅笔箱里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	其他人说 , 只要他们化学 , 或者滥用你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	大脑锁定的时候你怎么能看到大脑是怎样的 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	我会飞到月球 , 如果我有翅膀 , 我会飞到月球 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	好的 , 我的贝尼实际上是什么 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树 。 当时 , 年轻时 , 是年轻 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们是哈佛 , 所以我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	他的帽子丢失了他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一个1970年停止他仍然给他慢病 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他在胸部跳着twener 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	目标是高兴的 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想要格林伯格成为我的报纸 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还写了预写单词 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维罗特说 , 她将达到边界 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	男人从我的袋子里抽出一笔笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她将在晚上运行她的线路 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽的比赛更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在重雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆吸烟了 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿着那件坏吗 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	当苏菲亚回来时 , 我们必须开始开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	我看着牛仔在她说的时候 , 妈妈说了 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼 , 你在谈论什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	蒸汽就像皮革一样艰难 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	要做晚服装多久 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫能影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗机电机vbelt ;
the young tree has struck root .	那棵年轻树有一根根 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂挂在勺子上 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学英语歌 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须明显降低 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	b:是的 , 这是个黑暗 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们允许我们存在的变化 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你拿了两篇文档 , 把它们分成 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	一个好的系统验证测试器是什么 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你点最低点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校 , 但在生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李莉打了吉姆 , 赢得第一场比赛 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	问:你每次都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人感觉如此冷 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是第三个家庭唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	谢谢你打电话日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华从所有的遗产中拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴将告诉他们他们他们有枪击我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	猴子李玛丽去哪里 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢得了一些 , 你失去了一些 。 这是生活 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那年 , 那天 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体被发现在地板洞里 。
knive are used to cut things .	knive被用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何不雨 !
peace is always relational .	和平总是相关 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克rus是什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要她离开她的职责 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 威斯特尼亚的花朵是什么 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想知道这晚的东西会带来什么 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你迫使我那么痛苦 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进树林里 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	阿:为了让我解决你 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	杰夫喜欢与杰登玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想告诉我增长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	这并非是你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油变化之前 , 停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	印度人在城镇上拍摄 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有事情都改变 , 我们和他们改变 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以他们从门上走出来 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我认为他们的最后赢得只是一个流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	另外 , 他只是一个孩子 。
lily some money me the other week .	李莉是另一个星期的钱 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是帕西利第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们奖励他们等待 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试图睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以用手臂治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	而它的政府被抓住了 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在帕特里克上一辆牛肉 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听到一些人跳舞 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是良好种子的南方 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须改变丹麦的训练 。
beat me half to death with it .	把我半到死去 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃太多的汉堡 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她很喜欢吃惊 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后每周末艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	小狼的轨道是多大 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大型动脉突发性 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成了安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上跳舞 。
the bill was sent to her room .	比尔被送给她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	你的汽车手工或自动化 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它帮助你不太多 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这是我认为金融是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他上 ! 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	这个程序的独特性是什么 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我永远不能请他们吗 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸爸的指南 !
losers hangout with losers .	失去者汉戈没有失去了失去者 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	她的感觉就在她身上来了 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候 , 面临的座位带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家人 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来了我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请赶快一点快 !
tingting seems nervous .	丁似乎是紧张的 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是鸟类观察员 。
she banged up the receiver .	她抬起了接受者 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发风格 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手味着鱼 。
but there's reason for hope .	但希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的论文如何从秩序出来 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一个震惊 , 然后冲出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么能把价格放在生活上 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你知道什么 , 他希望 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像一只脂肪猫 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得相同的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同的领导风格工作 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有很多方法杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里是那么多油罐 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳子在这里 , 一个绳子 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们打赌 !
this service defines three operations	该服务定义了三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花黄金像土壤一样 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些放在转身上 。
power elevation mill head .	电力激励米头 。
that gives me the creeps .	那给我带来了 。
ianto: that's just me .	ianto:这只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是阿萨兹的主持 。
it was from the sugar i think .	这是从糖中我想到的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是 , 为什么退休 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我想不再是热 !
and put bomb craters in there .	把炸弹装置在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧演奏了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我已经拿了一些小班 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动并得到股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	滑到一块大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我爱马德里 !
it does have intentions .	它有注意力 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	死了 !
what is the name of that process ?	这个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的一个朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自我稳定的 ?
create a . toc file .	创建a.toc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但它仍然是我好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 , 那是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	那么 , 我是什么 ?
when did you start to act ?	当你开始行动时 , 你开始行动 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢莎玛波多 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的大妈 。
that’s my girl .	那是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们都是山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是一个工作穷吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学习中国 。
but the gang goes on .	不过 , 加坡就走了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的 。
what's montague ?	什么是蒙塔尔 ?
time never comes back .	时间从未回来 。
as in organ donor .	随着组织捐赠者 。
are you a salesman ?	你是一个销售员 ?
we just don't know .	我们只是不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做到 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉到它 !
d a digit	d一个dididiit 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车规模施工过程简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	轻轻的父亲把这些丢失了你...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发人员谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	照片俱乐部采取了一张照片拍摄试图 , 更多 。
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以 , 我们在20世纪中期做出的选择必须是一个非常聪明的 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单元矢量 , 那么我应该把这一切延长到一个长度 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	威比亚拥有巨大的铁墨 , 金刚注意到那年的手 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续继续作为学校的行动原则 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这代表了事故电子的总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近几年来 , 大脑水平成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义上 , 它是自我编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	无知 , 或者不会满足父母的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	快速战斗 , 当你卡雅克的时候 , 大量的孟加河 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将自身修复或可留下多年的不修复 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践了面部表达 , 我就像一只狼 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这发生了五或六次 , 猴子是非常愤怒的 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	因此 , 我们认为dwarf突变剂 " ddf1 " 是气敏 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	正如上帝王国一样 , 上帝的王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有许多传说关于兰特节的起源 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	在妇女的情况下 , 通常包括性别假设 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	ep是防止颈癌发生的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	关闭笔门的门口 , 防止羊羊从离开 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	多态度听到它 , 是在他的教学上 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	游戏:我看到你自己已经抓到了一只马龙鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈妈 。 我会教她骑着边缘 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它为测试不相关的应用提供了机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	台海又有另一个名字 , 福西 , 是古代三皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twists可以帮助减少内部组织和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	男性马拉德鸭是他们长期的 , 精神性遗传 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如此 , 解决立即问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	然后看到这是的 , 不像是愚蠢 , 却像智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	rubbermount ; 有限元模型 ; 静弹性特性 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创造中国的世界杯 , 上海路球场建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领域中 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	这是你是否去或不要的 , 但是我只有在周末的时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人上 , 我认为他最大的抽屉是 , 像一个或多个双重用户 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误方向上得到了很大的醉酒和象征家 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	数字从阿富汗贸易协会收到支付 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到我们只有一个生命 , 还有一个生命 , 才能增强这种信服 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个快乐是不可思议的 , 从农民中获得的黄金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	每天不要否认自己的任何人都必须从他人中切除 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	福尼酒店开始适应两个人和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪武士事故和罗马 , 中国 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:嗨 , 我是凯瑟·琼斯 , 你的名字是什么 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	马米是瘦的朋友很好 , 我最好的祝福 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗尼 , 鸟和牛仔喝了蜜蜂的味道 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好吧 , 这是一个直线的 , 还是没有它 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场质量稳定 , 供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	大家都对他们非常反对 , 书店 , 因为 , 你知道 , 你知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期责任的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	你可能意识到在数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	您还可以尝试使用google中的一些先进命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们也在希腊社区的情绪 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市都有城市和农村双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他说: " 他是一位伟大的总统 。 " 他说 。
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个稍微的 , 金属声音 , 就像一张口袋里的大鼠一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我是完成的 , 没有一首歌和舞蹈 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停止消息 , 男孩 ! 我试图做一些读书 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪钩可以在任何功能的内容或出口中应用 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我在商业前来的时候 , 但是这次我在这里看到 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季小时 " 是美国长期建立的机构 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	它看起来大多数中国人使用了一个修改的模块 , 滥用服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局gloceste董事会 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的睾丸帮助在酒吧后面放几个超级器 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试我们最好的减少损害到一个小时 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	德国每天吃早餐的75% 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	谷歌网络探索者的市场份额与铬铬共享 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	第一年我爸买了赛季票 , 到了剪辑 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还祝福我们 , 我们能记住我们前辈的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	处理铁路和银行家应该建立无锈钢管 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天门广场是世界上最广场的平方 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化钛生物病疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	塑性变形的应力通常是压缩性 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是我国最大的粮食产区之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里·布莱尔在乔治·奥威尔的伪音下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个牧师 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了适应这个任务 , birt提供了数据探索者视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:嗨 , 凯尔斯医生 , 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	塞尔吉奥:是的 , 是的 , 但是他们有最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	这是令人惊讶的 , 男孩能很快解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	让我们假设你有一个子团队在私人分支中工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写道了时代和杂志心理学 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经在科学中的沟通 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术是沟通 , 也许人们可以从这个尊重中获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我意味着 , 你已经谈论如何不适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 是一名手持手术手术手术手术手术师 ? " 问道 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新思想正在倾向于年轻时代的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	另外一个细节我喜欢在这个拍摄中 , 作物足部 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来了更长的干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员都搜索自己或她的图书馆的每个球员 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	然后 , 创造是在三神的共同爱 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你要做他们永久吗 ? 你会在哪里削减花费 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	除了代码性能外 , 良好的程序员强化了代码清晰度 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的兄弟学习骑自行车 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季的季节是我们的 , 与我们一起来临的季节 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在日常使用之前玩玩 , 因此 , 错过重要的呼唤 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们用来大量非毒性动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这也许是第一次英国人与其他人联系的第一次 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	英国野花没有什么东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究了不同家庭保护组的可行性 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	任何尺寸限的范围都应该被修复到更小的一个 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个瘦的 , 白发的男人坐在一个木头座上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但他仍然承认基督徒是因为他们面临死亡的途径 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五个步骤 , 你可以帮助你的机器跑得很快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	这份报告在埃利娜·奥蒂茨的伤口开始 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , 一个cms存储在数据库中的所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	类似于论文流速率法的过程 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的母亲正在为客户打包一些巴纳的friter 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	左边是罗马皇帝哈里亚的寺庙 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接是由消息接收器所做的 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:烟雾对烟雾有毒 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效果和玫瑰地理间隔 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我建议所谓的 " 小郑英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了用钛计的应用条件和方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	无论咖啡因是否能减少蛋白 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	9to5工作调度提供足够的时间来放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ? 几个例子是这个类型的 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船不能找到任何东西 , 可以在船上捕鲸 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名士兵躺在一个残疾状态中 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	你总能在下午或到马上去的时候去尝试 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年贫困线总数:815 , 75
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	康南居民说 , 飞机已经破坏了三部分 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国家的日子 , 我有一个星期的假期 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应条件显示出来 , 但实际上有可能的费用 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	男孩玩得很强 , 减少了他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这是我们在哪里还没有拖着摩利的地方 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我目前生活的一个穆斯兰城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须进行调查 , 直到所有事实都发现 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了周围诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	乘客们用海病变得非常绿色 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请用清洁纸 , 然后你已经发出了他们 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一名诺贝尔夫人在她自己的权利举行了vis账户 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	为了帮助城市污染的危害效果 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多专业技术对拱学有贡献 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态生态生产力和森林产业的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算结果在数据的每个分区中执行并行 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员被证实为汉武武武武武武武武武 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道狭窄是一种常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	断裂是人类可读的描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	开展各种部门共同努力的努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不会遇到任何两个条件之一 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这个吗 ? 没有比其他东西比较吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	米多里亚的危机密切地被关闭 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早上 , 大多数黑山都应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我认为这将会提高一个微笑的人在展览上展览的人 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些东西 , 某些东西在这家伙下来的东西吗 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你继续收集 , 那么你会有一个财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	" 人 " 睡觉 , 两人都呼吸了同一的热 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥尔良人 , 但是我想去家乡和访问塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁的 , 所以我会很慢地拍摄电影 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	谢奥巴马为所有的nasa切割而感谢奥巴马 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们应该做的是 , 我们应该对所有无限的感染 , 所以回到 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 年底 , 发现:这是一个虚假的警惕 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数人都要求他们接受的对话 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我感到非常沮丧 , 不喜欢做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要步骤 , 也可以成为调整最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	蜘蛛们也对开发信任更加令人怀疑 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制说 , 莎利波夫已经报告说 , 这个crew感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	球员在自己的力量上 , 经过艰苦的努力 , 实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	a:绝对是 , 它给团队一个分支机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你形成的桥梁方式 , 你所知道的所有人都是由此生命的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们两个裙子和裤子都看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗室里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	在两端是蓝龙和白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	为了弥尔威尔有金在他们的thar代理日志上有金 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	拉克:对不起 , 第二个年轻师傅 , 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺马 , 因为她是真正的人 , 永远不会放弃 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨晚上帝摧毁了我的灵魂 , 把我的灵魂放在一个新的灵魂里 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	黑客旅游的发展从边缘到典型的实践 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	愿我们所有的时代生活与爱情和信心、快乐和竞争 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 另一个形式是共享上帝的话语 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我把我的头埋在安静下 , 可是我的姨妈听到我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿石和石油股市下跌 , 特别是伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的成像发现从未在文学中报告 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三年级的交通教育课程 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	有时候 , 充满谋杀的看法会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我是特别的 , 你的最喜欢的椅子是特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是两个月的焦虑 , 是煤炭的焦虑 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二 , 让我们去 。 我们怎么办 ? 告诉我怎么做的事情 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节日win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	女性和上帝的祝福 , 必须受到 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	它不能轻松地在物理考试上执行 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济外汇明显降低 ;
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿里斯坦的鸟儿--------------------
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和拖动从开始到终点 , 您希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	在巴西 。 西尔 。 西班牙克里斯在米饭 。 仆人 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件的反对 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但我认为 , 除非你结婚 , 继承它和工作真的很难 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们已经从宏观角度看到了它们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界真的能否为这个魔法的另一个风险 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 有大量的炎症细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:56 , 400美元97 , 400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称gizmo甚至可以改善你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天是否可以看到人类的哈尔堡 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风场下 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	亚历克斯:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿和我一起 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后一个拉约翰告诉他 , 然后开始把他放在他身上 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离开了丈夫 , 现在只有人独自生活 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	延长30分钟的时间在寻找正确的笔子 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束面板的时候 , 把椅子放在一起 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的女性有诅咒的头发吗 ?
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	由mccorck微线驱动提供的体积控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉到如果他们正在用电线的面包裹着我的面孔 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	吉西是农业的一名领导人 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短距离时间系列具有多功能性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我命令了头发蟹 , 可是你给我一个绿色蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从厚的公共汽车背后的箭头射出来 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国文化符号的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推进前进 , 成功最终会满足你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	您可以将任何电子邮件地址转换成谷歌账户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷切不可接受 " 表面 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海口是海南省海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前目前的董事是王凯的教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了偶像模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	这是米饭菜、汤和巴斯塔的一个很好的补充 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	一个好的画面显示在每一幅画面前 , 每一幅画面都是完成的 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想添加foshan , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的瑞典 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	几个圆桌的男人都有很多心 , 让他们消失 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能不会冒险伤害或饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知道 , 互联网的特征是虚拟和双重的 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚一样 , 人们穿着不同的衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	用手 , 你可以享受你的花茶 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	室外使用的真空游泳器 , 用于室外使用 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云 , 我是寒冷的 , 令人难以悲伤的 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我将是格局 , 导致我周围的那些人不快乐 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你叫它一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记住吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后 , 他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一和每个后续的beziersp线只需三分 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	然而 , 神话与神话的地方 , 无论是一个非常真正的声音 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	第二个地方我们参观了莫纳哥村 , 与宫殿 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮用手轻松 , 快速快速 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这时候 , 这是商业jet行业的那些哭泣的行业 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变您的默认门 , 并将输入关键二倍 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后 , 本文讨论了jmi的程序和应用 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	斯蒂罗·托伊达说 , 他不会回忆会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全惊讶于奇怪和自然的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的东西 , 零并不存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	在我们中期、慢慢发展中期 , 人们正在生活和平 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	蜡烛板是所有视图端口都放置的地方 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼高迪从西班牙 , 主要对象 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接受者问道: " 你看过一名医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后 , 最后一个工具 , 尽管你是不会对的 !
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火灾 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天有七节课 , 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是一个在地球上打开门口的地球 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们拥有银行系统和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃冲击桌面的角落 , 阻碍了冲击 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	晚些时候 , 船已经消失了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多人都想要关系和孩子们的关系 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	同时 , 蜜蜂在传递中失去了路径 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以在哪里吃真正的东西来消灭它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫做友谊7的小小洞里 , 被称为 " 友谊7 " 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 我没有未来的东西 , 你知道 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐败是实践理论和理论的大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得我跑进野蛮 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学拥有一支优秀的老师 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	然而 , 强烈的火山规则只能把蛋糕带走 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染者决定你最终渲染的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花亮着岩石的土地 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	只有对于那些来说 , 那些已经成为母亲语言的项目 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	亚当和埃德兰花园的神与神交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	平平平的母亲是地区护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家把水性针放到我的静脉里 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请按照合同的复制 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	埃格说 , 他的朋友对桌子有信心 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她用sob的声音冲动了一声声声音 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道怎么快速的是另一个方面会得到热吗 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他喊着起来 , 把他的走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩上建造沙子 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是最后一个大房子泡沫的气体 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果它听起来很好 , 请问如果我能看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在明星中 , 有些单位有瞬时攻击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这个新的痛苦不长时间在痛苦上行动吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们能预测这是两个正常人之间的第一个日期 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	我后来发现世界充满了受害者 , 人们说不说 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦这些都完成了你可以使用你的树木 。 要制造垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 年轻男子愿意为诗人表达起舞 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它显示了所有从头部和双重记录中所有的信息 。
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海洋贸易史的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	第一部分 , 您学习如何创建一个客户服务器应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个情况下 , 我们不应该是一个好的计划 , 而且我们不应该是nitpick 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	从实现细节中分离测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你的生活中多少部分 , 它将会变成 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	把更小的坚持交叉 , 使得更新的效果 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他突变了nun , 然后把它变成一个关闭的 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	乔治斯通常在语言、语言和写作方面很好 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我付了啤酒 , 所以我在最后的瓶子上打电话 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我能告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大回来 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	您需要计算多少时间的配置将采取 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	不过明天晚上没有 。 当你下一次免费的时候 , 你是否会不会明天晚上 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	马里利本站与家界界交流员一起包装 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	不要留在她贫困、疾病或不美丽的时候 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	让我们确定不要收集今天的格局 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性和建立有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和对照组有异性和异性的攻击 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " g1/2 " 2个独立的贡献 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机越来越受欢迎 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它处理到瓶子水行业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	鱼鱼鱼鱼的春天的山谷 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信中 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	15年的句子可以导致一个15岁的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一个温柔和软的河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今天晚上工作清理了事情 , 并且所有的事情 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请向我传递半圆形砖 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男子在寻找失去孩子的国家 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	广西市hizhi编译委员会办公室 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁摧毁了神 , 我们数字1做恶魔 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一个idiot在ahab和他的鲸鱼之间 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对于我来说 , 我可以看到两个双方都能看到硬币 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多棉花植物 , " 男人回答道 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 来使你的性生活更激动 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	由于电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个节目 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	儿童和青少年如何体验抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在 , 唐代的僧侣徐安子在哪里 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ?  ! 可能 。 或者你 。 好吧 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	这些媒体通常是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	2010年12月 , 温温文在她的背后交叉 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这里是什么 ? 我们写的12.01111 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:研究阿布斯莫利斯的组成部分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安顿在大规模的项目上进入项目 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	它深入的住宅和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	这个方面 , 卢克的作品已经有很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	持续提高饮用水的标准 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 当然 , " 黑暗的snes先生 " 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我迅速把所有的袜子都被洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色黑人回来 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题 , 中国的民事控制也没有问题 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	假旗将被定制为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	菲律皮是全部退休的中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺04 , 5.我不知道你怎么感谢所有的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	我今天有太多的做法 。 我正在离开我的脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	公司并未说 , 银行贷款贷款的文件中 , 银行并没有说 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	在大约一半小时之后 , 我意识到我真的需要失败 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 最后 , 如果我们记得我们的差异 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	莱奥:现在 , 如果你会跟我跟着我到洛杉矶 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这一生 , 爱你 , 爱你 , 我一直梦想着 , 长期以来 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 穷人很容易 , 因此生活得快乐 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最新的5天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	马康是一位好朋友 , 一个独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种基本的感情 , 具有特征的表达 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	死于死亡 , 机会 , 时间 , 还有时间 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个popuptp将告诉你是否是在或关闭 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学会如何管理你的暴力 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄宗是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他被朋友给出了一名标签 " 玩家 " 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不相信他永远会结束他的生活 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指放进混合物中 , 然后把它放进混合物中 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	加勒比南水还有完美的加比亚水 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	一个空气的警告声音在夜晚深度 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们愿意在一个长夜之后 , 可以看到早晨的灰色 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	多龙广泛应用于春秋时期 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	法官胡德森的决定是否会在出现的 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我认为它会帮助 。 你是最好的 , 你知道这是最好的吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们做出这样的努力 , 让我们的宪法很难修改 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	没有人看起来是想 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao患者关于aun和monia一桩桩桩桩 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	很好的思维看起来像 , 但愚蠢的差异很少 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	许多人只能失去重量 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不喜欢他们 , 但是他们永远不喜欢我 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制并使自我表达到这样的理性基础上 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是一个人 , 他避免了眼睛接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	本组根据佛教宇宙学的调查 , 提出了这一组 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	决定青沈和秦天一起的关系非常高兴 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	跑步者在跑步最快的跑步过程中失去了3%的重量 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	每周和平谈到两侧之间的两侧之间是近崩溃的 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	导电活性能与产能之间存在一定的关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑大约有25%的大脑比晚期腹腔直肠的更大 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看着阳光在东方的上升 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	岳阳山断裂是海南断裂区东段 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将在自杀上读书 , 胡默死了病 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	刘阳只有一个实践点 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城市中心是一对20英尺的金属盾牌 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	同时 , 33年中期 , 中期 , 33岁的aokitesvara数字 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船试图逃离大海盗船时 , 小船在船上飞下来 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他站着几乎广阔 , 他的大头上抬起来 , 向他们转向 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但我认为这将是李子的智慧 , 把你最好的侧面放在外面 , 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	一个爱的丈夫 , 每天我都记得我喜欢一名女王 , 然而我每天都会记得 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	阐述了其代谢机制和反意义的机制 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来自于可爱的蛋糕供应商的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	得到了严格的特征 , 是奴隶行为的重要特征 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	您知道 , 蛋白的功能与其结构相关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18岁的时候 , 我的服装在他们里分开了很多 , 我的衣服 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	同样的东西在一月份和朱鲁尼 , 都有一个不错的场面 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转换齿轮是汽车矢量系统的重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	坐在数字三号坐着 , 是巴根寺和巴哥达达斯 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	它是由含有圆锥形和凸棒石粉组成的特征 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前鲨鱼并不制造压缩器 , 关键空调组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了提供食品卫生监测、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	晚上十三天晚上 , 他们结束了玛丽琳的温室 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	在信用卡管理系统中 , 实际速率折扣必须在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 也是世界各地人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要组成部分:各种芳烃和芳香树脂 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文简要回顾蒙古气候变化的研究 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大火通常会在外面的窗口上闪烁出来 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理有效合同必须由重建原则的原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	乐观的是 , 老虎总是向新鲜挑战带来了 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多人在夜间隐藏的细胞中 , 大多人都逃脱了 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我并不怀疑一刻 , 夫妇的悲伤 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文的第一部分在权力和权力的角度上 , 提出了公司的第一部分 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈到改变它 , 但担心它只会被认为是一个神经 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你在你病的时候 , 你的父母告诉你们煮草 , 留在你身边 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18英里的绿色费用和卡迪费 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	每家新公司都抱怨提高种子资本的困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	我不再建议你 , " 林顿先生回答道 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我有一个胃痛 。 我想我今天午餐吃了一些坏食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	好的移动 , 史密斯先生 。 我是太阳来访 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半数人已经失去了 , 邪恶的魔鬼的魔法表现出来 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	mt10:23 , 当他们在这个城市里 , 飞到另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们看一下wpi的机器人工程程程程序 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我认为这是我发送的 , " 他补充道 , 地址工作人员 。
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我还没有权利放在自己上面的地方 , 因为他是忙碌的 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	火车充满了繁荣 , 由于夏天的温暖 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元 , 买一张桌子 , 填满洞 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	每股美元每股每股跌1.26美元 , 达到1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人被认为casar已经死了 , 一些人被认为是恐怖的 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	历史与永恒之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢肯定 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	该发现还揭示了男性快速竞争对女性伴侣的比赛 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改进了规则和规范的cadre和人员通道文件的管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红色的叙述:你可以辩论他是否会与卫生有利的 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天有很好的东西 , 请再见我再次看见我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数千名军方交易在枪手和训练中 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和黄金海岸的经济类空间票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 艺术家的概念是空间发射系统爆破的 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc的工作功能分布比氧化二氧化二氧化碳 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	很多人琼斯的老朋友加入了他的团队 , 同时还有一些新闻 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法被称为 " 幻想主义 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想理解儿子和父亲相关的事情 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们正在为了理解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只是允许她如此在携带里那样的皱纹 , 允许她如此醒来 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	编辑的效果可能使你忘记在程序之后 , 编辑的影响 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	是的 , 他轻轻轻轻轻轻轻地冲着 , " 那是我的女孩 。 "
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	切割鱼填料 , 用一些盐和辣椒结合它 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司专业生产宠物核心 , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	经过多年的玫瑰月亮 , 她终于发现他爱她 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 得到无意义 , 给予所有的是t5.1.7 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	" 改变 " 指通过深化改革 , 将员工潜力放弃 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人驾驶完美的汽车 , 没有人责任汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户也可以选择另一个语言和读取内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是泡沫的球迷 , 那么你可以试图把水替代 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	因此 , 听到这一点 , 你会冲突 , 醉酒 , 但不要喝酒 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳温和促进所有visra和组织 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	有很多方法解决地下水问题的一种离子反应 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光增强剂的优点 , 皂 , 面部洗涤 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是饮食、安静和默里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期的牛市趋势从2001年起 , 仍然是完整的 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	鱼类蛋白集中是1980年开发的一种新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把小笔从尾巴从尾巴上拿到鱼头上 , 用鱼和小鱼头部 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她首先等着纳米西斯的话 , 准备了她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我不学习 , 我会买一个像吴先生这样的婴儿兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始了一个业务 , 他们说 , 让我们分开这个程序 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你正在浪费一点 , 所以说话 , 不必要 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实际材料主义和页面理论的本质 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚的格雷菲在首都迪里 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶通道绝对想要imbibe所有的本质 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个被称为内存管理单元的子系统 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方周日表示 , 死亡者在拍摄上升至86 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物介质和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是 , 年轻人看起来是创新和创造力的 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议与 " 反aging " 的任何东西 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑长蓝把记者写在记者的文章中 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	为了日期 , 今年已经有63 , 595个销售 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表了一份声明 , 将是我们的广场的一部分 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	另外 , 每个人都会对他们自己的使用都能做任何他们想要和愿意的东西 。
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	后来 , 尽管良好的计划 , 产品开始不常规运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	严格的时间是一种财富 , 对于懒惰的人来说 , 是一种负担 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝毫无疑问 , 是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始建立你的团队 , 你将会在未来的时间很容易 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但即使如此 , 两个姐妹仍然不能帮助 , 但认为她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕 , 一年的结果 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	我的嘴里很广泛 , 当我进入了马拉蒂的时候 , 我的杯房间 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象另外25000万人在20年的中国城市化中心 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	您可以在垂直箭头上获得详细的锁定 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些地形被认为是天城 , 或者 " 自然形成的 " 天然形成的 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球队到了一秒之前 , 你会把它放到风中吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形成的珠子 , 耳朵 , 儿子 , 欢迎订单 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	正如何释放 , 当局将与相关法律组成 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你认为这是一个非常好的机会 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	小男孩和女孩 , 一个镜子的镜子 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走路 , 他等待更多的权利更好 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	在一刻的情绪之后 , 温格达到了外面 , 拿着手机 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	一般来说 , 世界越来越多的新世界 , 接受了日志 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	记录2.4x比图像质量的2x更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听听这篇文章的主要概念 , 以及如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素首先成为糖尿病的使用 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 没有所有长期的餐馆都是庆典的 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:日常心脏有魔鬼身体 , 分支被忽视 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 吻他 , 爱他所有的心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 您将能在同时打开热栏配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	有很多驾驶过去 , 在卡拉拉普卢普尔周围的一些橡胶房地产 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	瓦达·乔奎姆是新加坡民族花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合张格胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	黄山医学植物研究与研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这个缺陷了匿名类型的强大类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	孙玉文是晚清时期的重要数字 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的未来 , 具有重要社会效果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这是很多孩子在这里都不能去学校 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	很难把他带到完成的一定日期 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多问题是我们在epa中做的 , 或技术上 , 是在自然上 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个男子是来自伊雷德尔县牧师办公室的一个下面代表 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:愿意更新我们关于shinhwa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣为什么让一些泥泞 , 把它放在男人眼中 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	这名队长带来了男人注意力 , 作为一般来到 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 , 他忘记他不会生长任何年轻人 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	您需要将现有项目负载到整合开发环境中 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	而在费尔和癌症的战斗中 , 他们将沿着他一起战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 将更难避免自定制考试 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	在金融危机中 , 美国流量公司正在寻求激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	它是控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	跟踪您需要多少钱支付保险和办公室供应 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 在接受g频繁接受后 , 经常在转变良好的情绪 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称受害者的身体 , 例如重复工作在路下 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志读到这一点 。 它是一个新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是第三个在讨论夏季三角的明星的讨论 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在花园里 , 他的自由演员 , 它是错误的劳动 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	采用该工厂设计了以下的数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩破坏了泥泞、分支和叶子的流 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	让我们先吃一些咖啡 。 我喜欢一个沙丘 , 还有 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布莱纳的工作纯粹是在这里的 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我称这个意大利的 " 吸引了mesina现象 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	读取方向 , 直接您将直接指向正确方向 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但当政策持有者是抵押人民的时候 , 应该有不同的情况 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计你已经怀孕和你的工作日期多久 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是由于某些原因 , 我的意见是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否还是不要金融时 , 还有很多因素对sider有很多因素 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们家里有七个孩子 , 除了我 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它提供了理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出他们的门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界 , 还有一个印象的春水和秋山景 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了许多这样的草地专家在多布南.com的专家 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我制作了鲸鱼、鱼和鸟类的大小、形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人都意味着一起 , 最终他们会找到他们的手表回来 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评估:rallelweb提供了数据地方的资料 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐馆建议可以看到其他朋友的朋友 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图删除这些可能的许多实施 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	那时 , 他的生活保持着鲨鱼 。 " 没有猫 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	盾牌和草药邮件显示您的习俗禁止器 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	有些人相信中央政府和中央政府有关 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她通过了一场犯罪场景 , 有人在街上拍摄 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	第二章项目的东端比大门的东端更远 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	发现的所有人都会打开瓶子-------------------------------------
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0中 , 介绍了许多额外的增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿意释放耶稣 , 再次向他们讲话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗信号和调整免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要注册域名和注册者名 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁轧机提供最大负载轴承支撑 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南称为 " 植物王 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 罗森伯格和罗森伯格在军事衣服里 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 , 4 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器采用配件 , 适合于插件的边缘 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后他改变了整体化 , 花了下八个小时的尘埃人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块切德达奶酪 , 在这里 , 我带着一块可怜的袋子 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们第三 , 这是因为ivor在开始时抓到了一个蟹权利 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	蜜蜂保持者在冬天经常做完后 , 他们不会发现死亡的蜜蜂 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	stiga现在已经管理与同一膀胱相同的速度和触摸 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	您可以用n , 或maxargs , 参数 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	不 , 你可以让他整晚给我留下来 , " 我回答道 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	同时 , 他们的灵敏度比永远更好 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有好的中国作家都值得我心中的任何东西都是重复的 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	对于谁来说 , 谁已经等着数千年的永恒吗 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会错过机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这些是由阿瑟的半姐妹摩根 , 摩根是一个智慧 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在kelly下 , 2008年 , 韦斯塔与圣乔治合并 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我打电话叫你 , 因为男孩来自你的城市 , 哈丹博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一幅全球图片 , 但即使我们很高兴地回到形式上 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	虽然真实意味着我们可能会看到很多不同或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	住房成本与数十亿人民的重要利益有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	年龄79岁的洛杉矶已死于8个婚姻 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野生竞选负责对波尔克和克莱斯进行了反对 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	在序列初始学习期间 , 这些区域都不同于不同 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的压力 , 用甘油和拉帕斯拉祖利 , 填满了一份 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁裤的飞行区域 , 然后第一条腿部和头部 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察宁宁宁宁宁宁宁宁宁市下降桩供应理论的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	在我们医院可以帮助你帮助你 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了适当处理批评 , 您还需要适当的处理 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怜的 。 除非死去 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	只要我喂自己的时候 , 我不希望被奖励 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	穷的巴利停止了一张包装 , 他的汽车与一辆耶和华的汽车碰撞 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	当有人说 , " 我是一个讲话 , " 这通常是他们的意思 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可用于高速公路高速公路的高填充部分 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	美国航天飞机飞机飞机飞机飞机飞机的发现是由美国航天局的 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是为了得到更大的一部分 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	应用辐射带绑定分析了不同接收器的应用 ;
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	远离国家 , 但总是和我一起 , 我是在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有疲劳的情绪都是一个必须结束生活的东西 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这个项目对许多原因有兴趣 , " 罗克逊先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 友谊世界的世界 , 没有比爱的东西更少 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	格式大笑: " 你认为你是 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔web受伤 , 我得到了我的机会 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我给我的手指做了一些金属提示 , 学会再次玩耍 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以保持冷却在强烈的情况下 , 她会注意到 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	随着这些分支只飞行在竞赛中 , 比赛中飞行的其他包车辆 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	提高水处理效率也是节约水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	杰米的眼睛在看着城市灯光的时候 , 看着他的眼睛 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开了5:00pm , 我们都很高兴这场极高兴 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你如何找到 " 聪明 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢你组织这一点 。 我发现它最有趣 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是黑绿、深、跑步的一年 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也可以访问自由教育的编译教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了识别疾病 , 审查和报告是遵循的 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	珍妮是对的 。 这里的发票可以免费打猎和拍摄 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我跳得很好 , " 他告诉她说: " 他很忙地告诉她 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	将这项研究和营销运作将是福兰先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	激素也很罕见 , 这使新西兰一个安全的地方生活在 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在citroup下跌28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰仍然能通过这些挑战时期移动 , 你的信仰仍然能否保持稳定 , 并且可以通过这些挑战的时间来移动 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	没有好的亨恩 , 在你的房子里 , 还有另一个房子里 , 还有另一个房子里的裂缝 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	阿拉斯先生说 , 与波威尔的谈话深深 , 希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	我国私法的编码应该应该在德国一个领导 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我把我的生命和创造成文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 操作系统在组装中处理并不可移动 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你会有一些东西 , 甚至可能结束年轻人 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公平公路上 , 必须避免办公室左边 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小马是安德森更多的运动精神之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	就像婴儿的腐败蛋一样 , 它被丹麦自己看到 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应该被附加到外语中的文件和形式 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	海军蓝是一个信任的颜色 , 给我们信心 , " lindsay说 。
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了分析延续蚊子基因的基因 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船壳清洁机器人的集体设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	grasp规划是大师奴隶决策的重要主题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	利用最新技术和工程在制造、办公管理和设计中应用 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回基于零指定的项目的零指数 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着看到外面 , 开始抓一只鸭腿 , 只要单独咬一切 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道对苹果行业的辩论永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	给出了一些关于电力线载体设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业范围 , 它在需求上连接资源 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年国际大学生总数上涨12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺并非纯粹的理性和性能 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	lunenburg的城镇也是一个世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种新型的氧化氢化物的催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨pts对大鼠重大脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	ftlaudududerdalen-与海滩的暴力和游泳水相比 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	tarpaulin , 可以看到中国各地的地方 , 说不仅是非常独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	深度的变化是将来的 , 它旨在转换几个生命的ellosophellos 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏天的几个月里 , 小鼠通常生活在外面 , 保持在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	制造一个滑滑板的关键是控制侧滑 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一步就是实现连接组件的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个免费的啤酒啤酒购买的午餐时间啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱 , 陪审员已经获得了他大气的负责 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	美国学校获得了超过2 , 250度 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须将武器的标志到加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我很满意 , 从2001年到过去几年来 , 到目前的几年里 , 数量超过了生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:在几个项目中映射各种abd工作流程 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	日常交易中心世界 , 永远不坚持准备钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能滥用和抵抗人们 , 希望得到准确和可信的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgmls是世界上最广泛的sgmlparser 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看起来 , 纳米 , 香水 , " 伊利亚尔举起一瓶煤炭 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾经试图回答这些问题 , 不管你自己还是别人 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	目录包含最新版本的项目和其描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	自1997年以来 , 它已经建立了税政策 。 自1997年以来 , 还有一份预算报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立肾素胶囊的质量鉴定方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫方法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他对他的课程进行完整的准备 , 仔细修正我们的家庭要求 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	拉迪·加格:为了让我去做...那个小怪物 !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活生物运行并返回作为闪光的外表 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们以各种律师和法律学术在交易上采取了各种法律学术 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	得到了粉子比值 , 获得了位移的精确解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响了5个友好的目标和5个敌人目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然希望看到只看到晚期的页面、脚本写作谱 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个微笑 , 一个更深的多尔基微笑 , 但是有一个微笑 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小化纤维 , 可以帮助防止纤维材料的烧伤 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合分辨系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的卢布·安克林·安克莱斯提供了高时尚的边缘 , 她是著名的 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高腐败水平可以影响睡眠、肥胖和免疫阻力 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果心理问题的发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划发布一系列现代版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	由于樱桃木制成 , 所有的块子都是由樱桃木制成的 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品被编译成了杰森吉的一系列艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进鳄鱼 , 只是用你的靴子打开它们 , 你想抓起我 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢你所做的时候 , 你更可能做得很好 , 成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的观点在于我把 " 如何 " 这些邮件的部分放在一起 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache是在过程列表中 , 这可以做到一个滑行测试 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是我们的 , 如果每个评论都在2:08左右 , 那就必须是一个关键 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁感到 , 天文学家 , 在眼睛里得到了soap , 开始撕裂 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , td数字手机在技术上可行 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将为您提供一些查询或参考 , 食品 , 在旅游期间 , 住宅 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左派民主党的恩斯塔说 , 暴力必须被删除 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:威尔 , 这是一个..................让我教你 。 一个还有一个等于两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文对传统语法学家的研究进一步发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help改善 。 因此 , 它是中国的基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻会纳入 , 你会有梦想 ; 但是这时候 , 你会解释梦想 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我提到的 , 您也可以使用 " 我想要问 " 如果你可以直接做一些事情 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问和家伙说 , 他是不安全的 , 而且只有一年都没有测试 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	男孩回答道: " 哦 , 那是他的母亲 。 她希望他是一个医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	这是一个看法 , 但它是一个步骤的手表 , 这是使所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	德拉周围飞行的蝴蝶 , 你能闻到空气中的春天吗 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我喜欢上帝 , 我会把你扔出这个房子 , 从不再看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次你触摸你的面孔 , 你都会在吃脏和油 , 这样可以登录池 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	总线将由塔拉成员设计 , 包括他们的写作和图片 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果额不在申请申请申请人 , 应该不申请申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebay声称 , 要比其他支付服务更好的工作 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同tnm阶段的关系系数是0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃正确的话 , 你会说 , 并且会对你在法律法庭中使用 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 由m50天空存在的相互干涉引起的m50天空 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	愿你依旧坚强 , 继续为我们祈祷 , 大多数荣誉耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	您还可以设计自己的模块 , 所以webmin总是适应您的需要 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	dialer将电话调用用usb电话或头部 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们希望解决我们的国家和我们的关系十年来的问题 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有很多方法 , 我认为我们需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她变成了十五岁的时候 , 她发现了勇气走去 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在采访结束结束时 , 没有更多的伤害 , 没有什么比采访结束的单一问题 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	周围在chiffon , 可调节肩带和层面的汗水 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba可以增加12hsn病变的hsp60表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	默里斯拍了她的头 , " 我不认为他们还是如何生活 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实的案例是一名23岁的男子 , 西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单旗产品具有潜在的集成 , 以及其它方面的scm套件 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿兹 , 欢迎新星期的cn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次约翰流到香港 , 他是如此病害他必须使用空气疾病袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我从垃圾中抽出时 , 它被覆盖在苏格里 , 粘着垃圾 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听报告 , 了解你的景观 , 插入你的耳朵 , 走在前面 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	让耶和华看见它 , 把他放弃了他 , 把他的勇敢从他身上 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组显著低于其他人 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做些好事情 , 没有什么东西 , 就像他们在月球上一样庆祝 。
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	图形类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请打电话邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你们远远超过你知道的爱情 , 就像每天一样生长 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的一种缓存方法 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	使用 " 我被破坏 " 模式表达自己时 , 当你感到稳定的时候 , 就会表达自己 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我的父母讲话和行动像 " 老孩子 " , 常常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	布弗洛已经给我们共享的材料中的人类舞蹈提供了许多观点 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国2007-2009年刚刚刚刚刚刚刚刚出现了两年前 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 除了大碗外 , 直到两个尺寸 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们说 , 迪兹先生只想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	我们之间的东西不能隐藏 , 一位陌生的手重在你的心里 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续延续南沙拉的时候 , 已经成为一个灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 今晚你会穿上它的心 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们真正的命运 , 我们不会找到生命的意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	他的火山似乎快速醒来 , 他把他的鹿放在了桌子里 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	种子只是一个在一群普通金鱼的花园里 , 只有一个变化 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	无论是音乐 , 冒险 , 扔 , 寻求蜘蛛连接它们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何 , 地点问朱小淑是一个小羊 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在对他们采取翅膀和呼吸的时候遭到严重的冲击和激励 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是 , 你的前几小时可能更好花费你喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人广告他们的服务 , 被称为scort服务 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们增加人工智能 , 我们可以发现设备是否快乐成为一个气候 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	另外 , 2/84例并不能被rsca检测出 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我将永远生活在你身边 , 只是在天空中闪烁你 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 但是我不知道 , 同时我觉得人们真的感兴趣 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在athen、510-490c , 来自意大利、意大利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅重新复一段时间 , 将被称为 " 烹饪 " , 就像我能做的那样 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦和草的年轻植物是最好的喂养牛肉 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	现在 , 国外越来越多的人研究 , 返回并不像前面那么流行 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终 , 人群藏在他身上 , 他刚刚刚刚在树上游泳 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	正如我们知道 , 1840年中国的奥运战争 , 开始了解中国的现代化 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰布·威尔金森:一个人只有一个生命 , 但历史只能记得你永远 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 热将海水沿着危机回来 , 遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.科恩的教学和其预测在这个悖论上采取 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年末 , 一些npos已经意识到市场可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	农业科学家jsss低bergdeer表示 , 这帮助当地农民关系到他们 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我感到不好听到你说话 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	尼特是zhelin湾有机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一个热过滤器 , 去除最大的热量 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果你决定有更多特性的数据库后 , 您必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻到花朵的时候 , 它可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	克拉不能直接应用于不确定数据 , 因为不确定数据具有可能性 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的休息 , 预计薪和照片按邮件发送 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李白说 , 热泉附近有一个地方 , 是培养优秀的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但可能你想在大屏幕上看到它吗 ? 也许在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持着强烈的和脆弱的米 , 水瓶在他的袋子里 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	随着物流网站 , 城市的危险较高 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合防御中 , 犯罪的过渡形式也存在了更多的行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 人类观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细的检查表明 , 无论是什么 , 无论是什么 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时候 , 这将适用于切割视觉设计或帮助麻烦 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	无论我去哪里 , 杨州的蛇不会离开我的心 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接速度增加是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	在这里 , 希望更多的工作会被翻译成英语 。 很快 , 请很快 , 请很快 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中的癌症表现为生物学分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	五月飞机是向个人计算机带来的飞行鱼 , 微芯片是什么 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	我们今天再次把老师放在今天 , 马上站起来 , 跑起来 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	与不同神经根缺陷相关的物理检查结果 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	折射膝关节疼痛 , 满足下列标准 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全优美 , 清洁 , 蔬菜丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	您可以在空气干燥的体育中保持水工织物的生命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	chillwinter没有影响夏季和秋季发生的趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	例如 , 在小康 , 一些问题已经在这个领域中交叉了 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	少数分钟拍摄指标的分数很难文化 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种五种交易活性pixel的tipreset技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案简单 , 答案使用对案 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:测定北地区的营养物 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄溪的火龙回到南宋时期 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	古斯蒂他是巨大的 , 黑色的绿色家庭从年轻的土地里来自 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印一个机器可隔离列表 , 指定插件提供的特定插件 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思想、语言和操作的一种材料形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人经常被捕获 , 被迫生活在监狱类似条件下 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	销售业务的进入级目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们旅行的过程中 , 我们已经学习了我们参观的所有地方 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这个美丽的地方 , 叫tuscany 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那他可能会把她撒清了 , 通过在词中洗水的洗净她 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	如何克服我老年心理学的能力 ? 非常激励 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	直到深圳大学开始开始的开始 , 直到两周都不到两个星期 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	橡胶 , 用于加热 , 更容易被皮肤吸收 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	它站着 , 它的肌肉喷雾 , 然后倒下来 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了得到自己实际上做的 , 我最喜欢的尝试是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一步将会加入大型地铁区的系统 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国老年中 , 8%的儿童收到不正式教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸爸被诊断为海洛寿命的多样硬化 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 在巴黎 , 巴黎第二次最高的巴黎 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	几个月 , 房子在修理之下 , 我们住在下一个门上 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	新闻并不全是不错的 , 根据一份合作编辑 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的对象是微小化一个电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehbob作为一个项目经理 , 当牧羊是妇女 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基础墙纸制品的研究和生产 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们把红球替换成蓝球 , 看看看宝宝是否能注意到 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	伟大的大威力将继续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为头发纤维的外层被破坏 , 被折叠了 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、氨基酶、糖尿酶、男性酶等 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经摧毁了阿根廷的5 " 超级颜色 " 攻击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	应力剪切小于内嵌式连锁钉的应力 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	这种炉用来安山铁和钢铁 , 作为示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国总统法官的选举制度已经实施了5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉到身体放松 , 感觉到紧张消失 , 但不会睡眠 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月的沉默之后 , 已经有一些明显的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们一旦拿起他们的网络的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的卫生 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	问卷 , 问题 , 两者之间存在着一个典型的联系 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	后面的原因是 , 产品似乎有更高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	azo被电子束蒸发放在k9基础上 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个调查站是我投票的地方 , 我在电梯信息卡上列出 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc绝缘和pvc薄板薄钢电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术广泛应用于水处理工业中 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当坦克填充时 , 它将填充所有的空间 , 并将塑料紧缩 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马莫塞的厨房里 , 彼得准备猴子日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	金膏寻找世界上 , 人类的朋友难以寻求 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	本文还介绍了描述了控制条件、清洁效果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大多数星期的日子 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮摩擦理论是动态心理的关键 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激活的o2分子在溶剂中产生自由基础 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	珍娜:澳大利亚指责一家中国餐馆烹饪卡拉斯 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的同步操作器是一个重要结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	好吧 , 如果我有这个选项 , 我会很喜欢为语言学院毕业 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 每个人已经减少自我概念障碍 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今晚天天天晚上 , 新昆虫的声音穿过绿色屏幕 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由一张激光塑料布置插入 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	然而 , 如mercuryxian地面 , 全球yi射击 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金、资金和灾难救济 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布的形象 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人将接受他们的测试报告 , 每个月后他们完成了测试 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱时 , 鱼通胀自己并成为形式的全球性 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了如何使数据结构大 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九分之九是通过900分 , 易于引用和参考 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我喜欢晚些时候留下来 , 但我妈妈妈妈会在10岁的时候我不会回家 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那里 , 你认为的第一件事是 " 哦 , 这个地方是令人惊讶的 。 "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 在每一个村庄周围的时候 , 她每个村庄都会带着荣耀的性暴力 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	时候 , 也许两周 , 你会准备好一次光和目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	讨论了颗粒双框的分散频率特性 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	高分辨图像组件的报告将在高质量上印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱情不符合彼此 , 但在同一方向上寻找同样的方向 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染和受害者的大源泉 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么 ? 实际上我躺在路上 , 当我说答案在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们会很快发现 , 我们的表示在我们永远会议前 , 我们会在会议之前 , 我们会有所完成 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	在奥克兰外面 , 喜欢苹果产品 , 拥有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说: " 他们往往往往往往往往向海湾 , 在那里 , 石油被污染了海洋 。 "
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试很有趣 , 因为字符串缓冲对执行快速应用程序进行优化 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后 , 您可以创建有益的检查员或其他文章 , 如人们可以下载的pdfs 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待事情是完美的 , 你会等待长时间 。 "
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	看看那些有访问的网站的人 , 你将会在人群上 。 aspx页面 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显得很稳定 , 但更多的品格和照顾 。 谢谢谢我感到重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	专家说 , 在某些情况下 , 是的 , 是的 , 但是内在的关键主义生活在一起 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年苏拉托从苏卡诺成为印度总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅能走出鱼 , 只能走出水 , 而且他们也可以在土地上旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	男孩把苹果放下来 , 然后把它的苹果切掉在口袋里 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为一种新方法 , 土壤腐蚀研究广泛应用 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还通过 " 基因移植 " 转换成一种细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	与我的nikon50mf1.4相比 , 在max温度下 , 与我的nikon50mf1.4相比 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少每个符号间隔的时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那么你哭 ? " 问: " 你是为什么会让我湿了 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自从那时16年以来 , 战争的战争伸展持续 , 但相对较小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上是个小点的悲伤 , 因为我真的喜欢米歇根州立大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我看着我所有的竞争对手 , 很多尊重 。
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但多比要来 。 多比要保护哈利波特 , 警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	贝恩和他的房间在回家 , 这样晚些时候还有很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的 , 我会选择每一句话读 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	阿富汗可以再次成为阿富汗基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	同样 , 我的团队都是勇敢的 , 在服装室里都可用 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 如自杀 , 在生活保险情况下 , 就像自杀 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢土豆 , 等于把头放在一个混合器上 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	您可以使水卷起来 , 通过把它们的金属化小于五度 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	麦吉说: " 我知道 , 但只有一年半的毕业 。
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使在寻找一只猫狮子时 , 不要穿着像一个不制造的床子 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它到达塑料板上 , 用手柄把骨滴下来 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	植物在鱼类、蟹类和龟类之间的洪水树之间 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	2030年锅炉不需要修改新规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满快乐和希望 , 所有的祝福神想要我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年我们有30名市长庆市长庆市的市长 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能读到它 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 并且对各种问题有着强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	设计整个ihr接触点或区域级 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我认为我们是一个更长的趋势 , 或者只是一个下通道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但效果太不具体 , 很少会导致清晰和安全转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无需说它是一个欢迎的饮料 , 但它仍然没有那么多的乐趣 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高回弹弹头座位设计适合120个lbs的孩子 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一名优秀的学生 , 他将成为一个优秀的学生总统 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了1888年无锈钢腐蚀和消除方法的原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说她考虑一旦居民被允许搬回 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以 , 除了那个古典的日记 , 或者打开一个词文档 , 尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持空间形状 , 满足通量释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尔·贝里亚的故事 , 一个新泽西的无家人 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	甚至你 , 我会喂到奴隶的块子 , 甚至是你 , 贫穷的地块 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3其他os安装器从儿子里下载 , 拯救它作为其他人 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	另外一个437例扫描和207年的控制结果也产生了相同的结果 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到会议 , 那么你有更多时间准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了不同背景的中国妇女生活条件 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	这只是在你的演员头后面 , 所以你甚至不会注意到这里 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择自己的生活和比尔盖特的生活之间 , 那么它是一个诺贝尔的大脑 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球性能和弯曲性能 , 高电绝缘性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	一般来说 , 志愿联盟的原则引起了农民的关注 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波辐射的最高位置方式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明了一般的历史趋势 , 这是人们吸引的东西 , 没有人能防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经常说服很少人看见我 , 我必须保持承诺 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	生物固定膜滤波器的控制是一种经济有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的个人都在全身鞋子上捕获不同的角色 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	对于企业和企业之间的员工 , 企业应该是第一赢后的员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后cicseci连接厂提供了cics服务器的连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladesystem对管理协议提出了一个层次和相关的基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦统一中国在北部的一个县后 , 秦统一中国 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员提供了更多要求的能力 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了 , 这就是对象说答案已经得到了 , 显然不 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息意见获得指纹印刷和皮肤图形的印刷 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	三峡大坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然成年人的四分之一就会更喜欢住在90年的时候 , 比预期更长 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	因此 , 我们继续继续继续在中期潮流中印股市 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标签 " 或l---labeing " 是由通道分配问题运动的 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维在足够的增长之后 , 取消糖 , 取消蛋白处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含了推进器的主要结构的基本特征 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	研究了碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	amethyst帮助学习卡马超越的频率 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用饲料酒精液建立酒精肝障碍模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	它保证我们一季节的承诺季节 , 也是最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法对杯氧化物的氯化平衡进行了研究 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜂窝技术是一种积极防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展验证协议可以支持许多认证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们滥用了他们的力量 , 把人民放在大众中 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	但是 , 其他文件类型 , 从ps到rtfs , 被接受并且可下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	qianxuesen是科学原因的最大的科学家之一 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当ed发现时 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕获几名关键成员 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地找到了20岁的女儿穿着她从美国学习家的家庭 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	林回到中国 , 1925年 , 作为北京国家职业艺术学校的原则 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果312个月患者随访312个月 , 所有患者都获得满意的结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 巴德鲁斯基和左手一起走下来 , 开始填满基本部分 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前操作符适用于现有文件 , 后者重写现有内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	可获得标记转换数量的提高 , 随着这些因素的增加而降低 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 王称为一百八名荣誉的女子 , 命令孙武武训练他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	英国黄金字在下面应用 " 福金水 " 作为中国东海水 " 的同一过程 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉兄弟 , 只有这位目标是一个被转移和威胁他的男人 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:皇后主持官方婚礼午餐650名客人 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的权利意味着 , 国家和其他人不应该选择 , 没有能力 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	在安装情况下 , brea将是橙色县最大的太阳能用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	星期二 , 冰岛火山仍在沉重 , 虽然云降低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	甚至甚至我皮肤的帮助 , 水化皮肤的皮肤 , 我有很干燥的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	传统云只有在路边的时候 , 只有在马克·马克·马克·红尘暴雨的结束 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	快或晚些时候 , 波浪会沿着 , 打击我们的工作 , 所以很难建立 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的基本利益和人民的基本利益 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们还可以鼓励他们的雇员捐赠他们的时间来捐赠当地企业家的俱乐部 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们的团队在1500年下 , 比赛你们的比赛平均有1500名 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街道摄影师四个奇妙的营销理念 , 营销方式是力量不可避免的 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这小飞行将是短、对称形状的明星 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女性在城市的阴影中留下了铁窗铁路 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育教育是西方教育大影响的一个模式之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	路易斯 。 一个与生命的火星一起 , 一个被人流动 , 生活的岛屿 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样 , 同样也詹姆斯和约翰 , zebedee的儿子 , 与simon合作伙伴 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持进入领导人战斗 , 随着埃伦·帕尔杀死孩子 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月从亚洲电影制作商中获得了新的脚本 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们携带了宗教自由和sang " 我们应该收入 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他简单地观察了一系列令人难以置信的冲动 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	作为功能材料广泛应用于汽车上 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是自由的 , 多比来拯救哈利波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇到不到的话 , 虽然很好 , 但可以追踪大量的准备 , 强度和关闭 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过老镇 , 看着一个非常老的房子被折磨 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	第一件事你看到你在门前走的时候 , 我们的小朋友是来自动物学家 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	虽然某些旗帜需要立即注意 , 你的参与并不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	价格风险在非传统组合 , 以及交易组合 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 如高/n、良好的平衡性和非水平性 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	这导致了摩西出生的数量 , 他对尼勒河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他不声称利比亚有大规模破坏武器 , 反对我们 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	日本当局接下来的调查证实 , 老师已经被塔格奇 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要更好的生产力 , 这样你可以与其他共同项目合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	该内容可用于您的新和现有的解决中心项目中心 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有鲸鱼 , 太阳双龙比新鲜的东西更可行 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右点击右键的角度 , 左点击右键 , 右键控制右键 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	燕子走到宫殿里 , 用薄薄的马推动了 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为促进当地食品文化 , 采取土地菜 , 为本质提供了良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空接触的统计破坏性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	数据库资源可以使用jdbc和记录级访问访问访问 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	提出了hpcs的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院里的仆人女孩听着你仍然听着qiaojean听吗 ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 如果有些人熟悉佛教的二次死亡 , 佛教的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在这里是我们发现你的其他腿不需要删除的好消息 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨小肠内ct诊断的价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字保险法学是海洋保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	fredericklam , 香港贸易开发委员会的执行董事 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这看来 , 我已经收到了 , 现在已经被我自己的孩子给了 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用一种称为重力镜的现象检测了遥远的星系 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了恒星星星星系的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何在phd解析建议上进行小说搜索 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说他们喜欢设计灵活性 , 通过消除空间的空间风格 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特征是处理多种语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你很高兴把你的女儿打开了杯子 , 她在泪中断下来 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑的笔记:这个故事的原版本错过马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	在设计中 , 采用木材材料 , 用于各种材料 , 作为设计中的主要材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	收集的钱被用来建立一个零在体育场的场所 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他把一群当地战斗机放在一个附近的道路块附近 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间的床紧紧紧紧接近窗户 , 而他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文介绍了cjk200自动悬浮器的开发和测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人也坐在室外 , 享受凉爽的夜晚空气 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超弦曲线的奇妙特征是 , 他们只能在10维中振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	我总是很困惑 , 当人们在仓库俱乐部有多少 " 拯救 " 的时候 , 我总是很难以置信 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	1968年 , 比尔科尔毕业于华克森林大学 , 开始为petete染色工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·梅纳德和保罗男子 , 男子的硬件超级者 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	我最喜欢的两个新附加都是我最喜欢的新附加 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们开始在酒店的酒店 , 自由车 , 它打破了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	1995年中期 , 欧洲10%的无职率预计将在1995年中期打12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有以下标准都必须满足以下标准 , 必须考虑是一个可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	上帝只能适应我们的研究 , 如果我们继续运动自己生活在我们学习的东西 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港的hiv感染被积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 个体大脑细胞会反应一个百分之一 , 但不再是另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	证明19:29个珍珠被准备为移动器准备 , 并且将其后面的愚蠢 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	接下来 , 提出了直接序列和混合dsth 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了 " 光 " 的三个物理学家 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符之外 , 字符可以允许并不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉frisky , 那么在工作前有八秒 , 你知道哪里找到我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	但我们都知道 , 事实上 , 每次时间都比50毫米的心理要小于50毫米 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh的血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密的小组 , 超级小组 , 我肯定他会在这里享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器还使用在启动平台 , 以监测虚假开始和正确的继电变化 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热锅和小橄榄油 , 加入口味 , 轻轻轻的棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	ab广泛应用于国内外 , 但在国内几乎很少使用 。 研究人员刚刚开始在我国 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以他们把这些故事带到了一切 " 胡夫和拉夫 " 的故事 , 把你的房子吹下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm已经超过50多个不同的计划促进了美国的工作平衡和银行 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是 , 美国和传统的欧洲电力制造商也许存在问题 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国保留权利 , 修改这个项目和条件 , 没有任何先前的通知 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到了格雷克的靴子 , 当他在赫密尼人前面的时候 , 他听到了格雷克的声音 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	穆斯 , 扑着 , 呼吸 , 一个新鲜的泪 , 液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过xml定义特定值 , 实现插件实现此合同的贡献 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府理解这一点以及党的政党 ; 最重要的地产感觉到它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 染色体ima是肺腺癌的特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	您可以选择石头所有的颜色 , 或者添加一个或两个超级石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我在全国竞选 , 为我丈夫和其他候选人 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	任何东方的协议和标准都在讨论下 , 但并没有达到共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我会感兴趣听到更多的东西 , 我们应该在评估犯罪中优先的价值 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	这一党比今年11月至少有一家国会的房子更好 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	针对lan/wan连接 , 建议每包每个音频框架的下设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明:空间飞行、文化和存储时间有显著影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 正如我们所称的 , 两者都是可汗地包含和渗透的 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生没有把它的酒吧放在一起 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有这些都是要做事务的商务消息 , 这是amqp供应商 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	交叉、泥和火热情的血汗 , 在滴彩上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , 扩大产业的增长将继续增长 , 联盟持有利 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后 , 最优化rtl是将代码生成器的 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	美国奥林匹斯 , 484.25分 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是 , 在非洲的肥胖蚂蚁的情况下 , 这种描述可能超过一个隐喻 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	如果你正在寻找和浪漫的话 , 您可以在巴哈马外部的岛屿上头顶 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组的风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告的故事并不冷 , 而且有一些虚假 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	谁是谁 ? 朱哈尔·穆拉德 , 这是第一选择 。 我看到它 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	所有他都可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他坚持着胳膊 , 所以她能看到那个空隙的袖子 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我永远不觉得 , 但仍然有那么好的 " 工作 " 的感觉 " 下一天 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后 , 他晚上醒来 , 想到他可能已经雇用了所有魅力的花园 。
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	小小小的扭曲 , 一些有益的提示 , 瑞典可以比你使用的东西更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我的旅途从拉斯维加斯到伊华 , 当我是年轻、孩子和海军...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们叫我 , 因为它显示了他和球员带来的成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	一天 , 天堂会部分和完美 , 珍贵的樱桃会在阳光下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	它被称为蓝印 , 一个蓝印改革我们的金融监管的蓝印刷 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰说: " 我在这里有一个坚固的 。 " 驾驶他直到学校 。
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	这个星期 , 新世界秩序的战线被暴露在世界贸易组织 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	纳贝预测似乎与其它美国经济信号相同 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文介绍了一种可计算复杂表面加工中磨力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分讨论了中国外贸相对优势理论的作用 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男子的错误都不能安静地坐在房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	鱼是我最喜欢的体育 。 我常常常吃鱼 , 没有什么东西 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然康有了西方的奢侈 , 他仍然承诺他伊朗的伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战争者在中国和西方风格建立私人园林 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但32英寸的模型 , 我们想买的是一定的股票 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于计划区西部 , 邻近旅游区和下市区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一个字符串 , 解释所有人都需要知道 , 以便使用这个函数 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后人们选择潜意识地选择 , 不意识地忽视了研究 , 与她的心脏 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当拉菲克吉尼迪从高中毕业时 , 他知道他想成为工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我会钻一小洞 , 为了阻止痛苦 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这是设置情绪、有效的过程 , 以及adams必须自我解决 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来临时 , 草坪没有什么东西 , 但是蚂蚁抱怨了胸痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感风格适用于你 , 意识到降低标准将是一个救济 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学术竞赛将于星期六举行12/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平、自由和稳定的发展环境 , " 拉拉尔人说 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	1697年开始与1697年相比 , 数学们不少 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可以为经济增长提供贡献 , 它可以保持它的同时 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为 , 有些法国人回答解决问题 , " 亚洲的k线说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 我们的研究表明 , 为什么开发出来 , 为什么它持续 。
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源强化工业集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹为了阻止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球发布的中国zodiac动物 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子们用水翅膀保持自己在水里 , 学会游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保持和破坏混凝土基础安装工程 , 破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸书 , 咀嚼它 , 否则物理触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	尽量减少你花费的时间 , 以及接触表项目 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩被所有的鱼游泳在水平坦克中都受到了欢迎 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个板上看到下一个脊柱上 , 脊柱攻击 , 并将短暂 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性视网膜坏死的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	相反 , 丈夫回答道: " 我错过了一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他不断地说话 , 虽然他的心里也是其他东西 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	切蒂执行了一幅著名的fake脂肪 , 关闭卡通对地板的右翼 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 内在感受着正确的dwindles的外部关注 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾的人们有一个伟大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 杜特先生 !
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	世界范围内 , 2009年全球162亿美元的新清洁投资花费 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何 " 街 " 的衣服都是铸造和体育运动都很好 。
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它提高了你的dps , 但是下面 , 你的图像不能触发任何刷子 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	无时间的彩色使得每天穿着这件美好的日子 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	这里是一个更现代的例子 , 下面还是一些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生在那晚 , 他必须睡在一个男人6里 , 因为他没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神解释 , 同时 , 老皮革也秩序 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能力强迫你的心和神经和神经 , 那么在他们走过后 , 就会长时间 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇航文件经理帮助您获得最聪明的手机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	位置直接反对着shinagwajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	1977年 , 城市问题:马克思主义方法、伦敦、伦敦、伦敦、伦敦等 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在那时候 , 我一直想着为什么有人会如此不需要的思考我的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子和抽屉都转出来 , 找到我们没有看到的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	我珍惜的东西 , 如何影响在街上躺在的人 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布 , 五月的消费价格指数下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	风浪的运动 , 地球的波动在同一和谐中永远都是相同的 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机期间 , 所以不要辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	总结了农业和临床治疗蛋白抑制剂的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过分别的实践和准备 , 他们仍然在学习和专业 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 超字符比任何人预期的更复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把手放在你的背上 , 走到右边 , 你应该在你走到旗帜之前 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	另外 , 注意力更有利于详细的问题 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个很好的拯救 , " 他说 , 德格拉的生命停止从罗宾范佩西 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	银行债券市场股票和交易量占总市场的90% 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	布林·拉登在1990年代对破产的投票已经得到了一部分 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给别人的耐心和耐心的人都能赢得爱和照顾别人的友谊 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们认为在接下来的25到30年 , 机器人和人类会谈能力 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融范围也是威胁 , 高级公民通常是目标的 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	后来 , 肯尼亚人在睡眠中走出金牌 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死亡中提起了他的朋友拉扎斯 , 拉扎拉斯已经死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六届国会重申的第六届国会之间有许多创新 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问: , 缅甸政府给中国提供了任何指示 , 它是否会在康加区移动吗 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学习英语 , 国外 , 研究国外 , 结婚外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	在英国 , 明亮的气象被发现在英国 , 离开了一个vivid绿色的道路 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	nuonchea早80年 , 是团队的高级生存成员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能会告诉他 , 他真正需要做的事情只是在他身上 , 真的是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔·莱金晶体 , 皇家阿塔里博物馆 ; 托罗托 , 加拿大 , 加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在15555年 , 她的精神刑事带来了更严重的转变 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她的恐惧和怀疑 , 还有一年的时间 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	三十分钟后 , 她给了她第一次记录的歌曲 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	因此 , 这并不奇怪 , 严格是那么高的 , 缺乏自由和锻炼 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	场景2:建模循环行为重点对迭代行为的建模 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗姆尼 , 英语肖像画家 , 死在布莱亚 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我意味着 , 我们失去了人们的技能 , 因为这里有很好的技术在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	然而 , 随着我们继续提高 , 我们的技术应变得越来越透明 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好 , 我再次进床 , 后来五分钟后 , 门上有一块火箭 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	诗的所有意义:问大地 , 谁建议上升和下降 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利能看到父母在那年圣诞节的婚姻 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	与此之间的唯一差异 , 传统的写作是常规的方法 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期作家学习了 , 像戒指lardner和sherwowoodanderson 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小型仪器通过切割来消除组织和粘附 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 各种各样的东西 , 比如筛选 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 我认为是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请大量著名的武装名字作为教练和咨询师 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	用 " 司法 " 写道 , 我穿过海尼 , 穿着这件衣服吗 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第二章结束了战争 , 恐惧和政治又分裂了我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	它可以被腐败 , 因为病毒在内部是一种病毒 , 所以它正在制作外科蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙蒙蒙山石氧化合适国家标准 , 安全人类 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我是在路上 , 我会议 , 有时候在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者将一些新的代码添加到基本kiva3v程序 , 并使其编译 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只有走鞋子 , 我不能穿裙子或衣服 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他得到了认识和批准阿尔比的矛盾 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了对抗stds的性不稳定程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你曾经发现 , 平方的角落总是很容易损害 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我认为 , 早期极大的探索者 , 当我把自己的走路时 , 我想起来 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nu在这些事情上感到很抱歉 , 决定修复天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	结论化疗治疗可能是临床癌的主要途径 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭委员们提醒父母不要采取孩子说的事实 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	py显示了任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量水平 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 转换到中级或高级汽油将消除锁 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但在未来的芯片中 , 科斯的带宽要求可以大大地流动 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计一种基于虚拟声学的音频援助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	稻、棉和蔬菜有时在特种种种子中生长 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活的时候 , 欣赏我们周围的自然和文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港举行的篮板节日和竞争已被举行 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 罗伦达·zezula , 欢迎对话 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	诗人作家在2003年晚80年 , 然后在巴黎的巴黎 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	七十年的汽车 , 风吹 , 你们不知道她穿过花花的生命 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	克尔克纳先生似乎放松对面 , 她跑到了一名共识建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧化物对我们身体细胞的细胞很有毒 。 不要冻结你的 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的源头不会基于这个葡萄牙制造商 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 好 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个人一起走进教堂 , 又来了另一个人 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何东西 , 我只是不想写任何故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在三个安装中 , 是来自中国的人们写的过度报告 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文中提出的情况下 , 未包含的文档文件是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	瑞士再次升起来 , 在一个圆圈里 , 等着他们的劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中写了这篇文章 , 它真的是事故发生的 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我放在胸部 , 把我的下面的肚子放在一起 , 直到我走出去 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样是世界上最主要的移动 , 他们都看起来都是现实的地区 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫塔克尼说 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变其行为 " 如果希望与伊朗新关系 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	您可以简单设置宽度200 , 高达45 , 然后接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个可以用于工作、娱乐、好的桌子 , 只是一般关闭 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动循环时 , 它会成为一个真正的ax 。 这张图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	抗激素主义很强烈地在英国感受的英国 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家们已经揭示了当地宇宙最完整的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对于任何查询 , 请联系我们24068050或访问我们网站 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	它可能不像过去一样高兴 , 而且可以更好地为平均工作男女和女性 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	目前在调查中 , 大量其他非洲国家的爆发目前正在进行调查 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 每个侧和后侧攻击的规则被调制 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	只有你才能清楚 , 还有和平和甜蜜的休息 , 就像你产生了你的身体和灵魂 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种可分辨的理论 , 并给出了一种可分解的可分解的理论 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们回到了禁止城市 , 中国皇帝曾经住在洛杉矶 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	许多人相信这是莱姆里亚的失去岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中 , 建立了无毒性、抗原性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	除了完成日子 , 模拟过程可以在第二秒内运行 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	表现并不与市场力量和预算相关 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	" 我想保持 , 至少有二十年或两年 , " 他笑着说 。
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	在墙上 , 我从我的knapsack中拿了一本小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华盛 , 华盛 。 北美西北部一州 。 位于太平洋 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉帕克尼看起来很惊讶 , " 你是什么意思 , 我的女儿 ? " 他问 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只有在这里没有沙子味道 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	骨骼有一个问题 , 我们希望在下周恢复他和种子 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻我 , 闻着厚的味道真的让人们想吃一顿 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你完成了测试你的新行动时 , 关闭了hellopp.pli 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花费一些时间 , 要求完成和思考 , 留下和返回 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	非线性动力学特征是复杂、外部和消失 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股价每股5.33美元 , 上涨5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是有效的实现 , 一些组织如何能克服这些问题 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1mcp处理和ma包的效果 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的口袋 , 他不能在他的嘴唇里 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在绍兴工作的前面 , 接受了信 , 姐姐姐姐姐妹带着我的心脏 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 它转向了假设 , 标准建立到通常标签 , 可能是虚假 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了g5动态系统在线测量成功 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	这个项目还想要存储信息 , 这样它可以用于研究和医学目标 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	本文通过对国内外房地产金融的比较 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文针对一类模糊方程的综合性方程 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	洪水仍在上升 , 在本周的重量下降后仍在上升 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们的头部、外部化和投影到其他人 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	在过去几年的发展中 , 哺乳动物核转移已经达到了很多突出 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在某种意义上 , 石油价格正在发挥利率的作用 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	白色石的年龄在西班牙 , 完成了意大利:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上面的激励人民 , 但很少老板都有能力 , 真正激励他们的员工 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰设备有限公司是您最信任的供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制基因 , 但有其他的贡献因素 , 导致细胞体能控制 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你如何创建个人品牌 ? 布莱男孩网络观点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五十三章是区域审美优先对hip手术的综合征 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特点6个开窗 , 一个望远镜和性别灯 。
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我访问北京时 , 小先生给我一张老师照片 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	波斯坦凝聚的是 , 大量相同的粒子占据相同的量子状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	该公司表示 , 市场上有两种高定义dvd , 导致买方公众混淆 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你们说 , 他们在一个大预算电影中称之为我们的想象 , 无法实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿的朋友和特别援助人员 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的国王当作另一个完全意识的物种 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	断言的行为是指链接到一个歌曲的行为 , 附加一个150个字符对它的评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不使用妊娠状况、癫痫、心脏、高血压、脑梗死 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统的动态模型 , 得到了动态方程的数值结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些会帮助你进步提高技术、内容和当然的实施 , 如果做得很好的话 , 那就会帮助你进展 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了10w/30年级发动机油的形成和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些艺术品都需要维护 , 必须在业务需要改变 , 如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 。 卡尔威尔德做出了一个生活 , 使联盟的首席酒店的组成 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的中频电源供应电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特·塞威茨博士的职业使他在非洲建立医疗临床 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	细胞通过机械方法、冻结和一般程序传递 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章分析了清代晚期人口翻译的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	通过计算产生的纳米结构 , 产生了蒸发步骤 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	常见的放松技术包括冥想、心灵、太阳和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个廉价点 , 您还可以注册a.mobi域 , 它被认为是移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	获得了晶体系统修改mc公钥钥系统的类 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗塔利亚 , 我出生在哪里 , 出生在什么时候 , 是前奥斯拉维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及了一种用于porcela表面装饰及其使用的解决方案 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	在第二部分 , 讨论了分散非复杂的解析价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一种基于碘的对比被注射到血流中 , 看到它周围的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想得到你老的计算机 , 选项包括回收、回收和捐赠 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文还讨论了分布指数建设和分布检索的解决方法 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	由于我们有这种抗极分离 , 直到我们是一个伤害 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源不少 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国所有主要政策变化都是一项有限范围的过程和错误的结果 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送他无罪的儿子 , 承受我们的罚款的全部破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们找到很多方法 , 尽可能工作这个数学问题34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	所以当供应链时 , 企业家奥莫里成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感谢通常常在形状上变化 , 平方形被储备在马达拉斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	正如此 , 神经毒素与男性的商业比血毒更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要的声箱使用边缘和角度 , 不同角度设计 , 线线成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	webapp.net使用xml , 允许多个异步渲染和符合更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时候 , " 佩宁 " 的 " 绿色合同来自于失踪的工作人员的声音 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特里亚的儿童和成年人受伤的脑损伤 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	凯宁--一个经验的球员会试图跟随他们的车辆的机会 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	蒂姆:但我是1 ) 爱尔吉对猫 , 保持猫不会对我感兴趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板:规则架构师定义了使用rm工具的工具和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将超过几个月 , 直到这次 , 当他第二季正式开始时 , 要做一个移动 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以从bugzilla和另一种来源控制系统中结合一个饲料 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	克罗里说 , 非洲马的干旱是不令人惊讶的气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群的火焰机制是复杂的 , 无一组复杂的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	多种基于gpu的系统是在这里和谐的 , 今天的编程模式很难 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	临床治疗后 , 一些患者的症状明显改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说太多 , 恩尼斯 , 你们儿子的儿子 , 我希望我怎么定位你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	另外 , 根据学生选择的主题 , 基于1015页的最后一篇文章 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开马米 , 获得了良好的教育 , 使她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你对你的问题的责任 , 你可能会感到像你错过你那样的复仇 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	前面的法官表示 , 即使克拉克逊对象也许会批准合同 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们有两个主要的产品类别 , 一个是文件中心应用程序和另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师经常告诉我 , 在谈话后 , 讲话说 , 很多原因是我曾经受过过过过的 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二 , 三英尺长的角色在木头上有三英尺的角色:它是广泛的和平面 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而 , 我宁愿看到一个年轻人祈祷的祈祷 , 比最平等的摇滚祷告 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是一个关于通讯的阿卡恩手段 , 最应该被废除 , " 她告诉我 。
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看到她在香港玩得更好 , 我认为她不会在最后一轮 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	鲍莉说: " 幸运的是一个比如 , 你知道 , 长途旅行 , " 男孩说 。
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	" 用手的明显优点是 , 你总是拥有他们 , " 西安港口说 。
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在一次饮料会议中 , 他的一名员工们应该在他们的周日里放弃维生素 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重量损失实际上是一个连续功能 , 所以每个数据都应该附加 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	没有问题永久 , 风暴总是给太阳带来了 。 冬天总是在春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	这个电影在蒂芬尼的电影早餐上 , 这个电影的演员会很轻轻地描绘着演员 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子走过我的电话和uhm , 可以叫你 。 所以如果你能 , 请把你的名字放在那里 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	好吧 , 这是墨西哥的兄弟 , ucatan是背后的 , 这是古马拉的兄弟 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定到我们带入世界的价值 , 历史上意味着我们的职业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站是收集站或链路站 , 在某些情况下 , 都有一些情况 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	试验很大 , 跳出大品 , 还有商品 。 米米米克 , 让它自行 。 试图和错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较了两种方法 , 剪力力分解法的功率特性数值的结果比剪力分解方法更好 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 如果我是你 , 我不会试图喂养这些小的信贷家 , 他们会带着疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	实验研究了ddd3单晶的纯剪切行为 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列清洁和智慧的装饰下 , 命令火灾 , 外出军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个议员 , 联合国官员 , 几个错误版本和法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林在使用甲基酸盐和导弹剂 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种方法对非绩效贷款进行快速分散 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来了我最后的建议 ; 不要尝试从什么不存在 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	谈论矿山爆炸电路的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在研究自行车轮胎的半路措施 , 允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	1979年9月 , 据其网站建立了一名85名雇员 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念是无限扩展信息化的高速公路 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议我们明天早上去xxxxxxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学会如何面临失败或失败 , 并且大致地努力处理 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的变化模式 , 以处理缓慢的天气 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表ii:溶解药物 , 聚合物和填料在研究、水和酒精中使用 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 所以 , 当晚餐时 , " 他说 , " 他说 , " 没有添加糖味道 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp还主持另一个重要的事件 , 每年都要求最终用户称为hp电子世界 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道新疆被考虑到更好的学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	这样的例子是一个ifthen规则 ; 因此 , 如果条件和其相应的行动 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	他们介绍了bitr的支持 ; 浏览器边缘 ; 一个好的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这种情况下 , 开发时期使用的端点地址只是一个位置 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	与她的能力感到印象 , vozda在公司法律实施中提供了一份工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	马什的一天 , 皮克和鞋子的军舰正在从天空中落出来 , 像鸭子一样的天空 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例患者间隔骨折的影响 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量可以从抽样的单次数据中得到 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	丽莉亚:如果我告诉她在一个非常漂亮的途中 , 给她一个沙丘让她快乐吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或岩石 , 或高峰 , 或海岸 , 或者在一定程度上指向公园的角色 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说 , " 自我是什么意思 , " 只是精神崩溃 ?
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	纳索角仅反映了上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部的特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫斯教练里克·卡里斯说: " 我很高兴他 , 我很高兴 。 我很高兴迪克 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	9月52.8日下跌52.5点 , 新订单下跌52.5点 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年为永久居民提供了一个应用程序 , 并且他还没有收到它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	本文提出了一种基于plc的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在这些早期 , 它移动了男人 , 它打开了儿子门 , 使军事从成员中取消了任务 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl+c和ctrl+v建立新的实现只需要二秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	schrag说 , 从岩石中海水的释放将会提高海水的时间 , 但并不太多 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人死在池里 , 都要做几乎完美的死亡 , 或是在岩石上喷出来 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	这座血清从锚固到尼纳 , 第一辆肌肉排出血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱情发生在所有年龄的人 , 因为一个人内部生活变化 , 以及一个机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	攻击的首席嫌疑是阿尔巴伯 , 美国设计恐怖分子团体 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今年 , 今天 , 谢谢你今天 , 明天为你的祝福:出现和青年美丽的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	原因是 , 我们说不平等的原因是因为你想到的 , 这总是是参考很多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他在30%的篮子里 , 只有68%的帮助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备还有更多基本的 , 包括少的脚 , 并且所有手工在3d的纸币上 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2.环只展示与vip客户结婚和可靠...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	四月份汽油价格每股3.3% , 过去一年上涨33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站着 , 走过去跟波尔记者谈话 , 罗伯特因为罗伯特捐了他的黑色玫瑰 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于美丽和肥沃的城镇 , 这是中国的摩托车 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	强烈出现在课程创新中学教师的角色 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	小镇下面的坡矿缓缓缓缓缓地填满盐亮的表面补充 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成分:小麦油 , 混合油 , 乳液 , 橙色花 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看我脚 , 奶奶冻决定做一双布垫的靴子 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它跳起来 , 分别下降 , 打击猎军人 , 它在他们身上飞行 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是铜铜 , 你是19岁的 , 你还没有达到你的原始 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何合理地使用添加剂 , 提高cathode铜质量 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一种形状器之一 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一件绝对的猴子不想要的是他们不想要实施他们的个性规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普德汗很高地被认为是国家最好的城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	905年 , 金利经理 , 115号北山路 , 深圳区沈阳 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二次猜测自己 , 他们不会谈论自己的东西 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:分析唐山2006年测量不确定患者的临床疗效 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	垃圾、木板和其他可燃材料必须从热工作领域删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这个非正式关系的存在 , 给你们带来了工作环境的规则 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 涵盖你的策略 , 心理策略是保护操作工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分论文主要阐述了生态社会主义的理论和对它的共同性 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	分析了音频文件存储格式和音频波形的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分为橡胶、黄色超流和不可接受的文化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多小猫的恐惧 , 被一个松散的战斗斗斗斗斗中留下来的痕迹 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	根据挪雅报道 , 财产损害估计 , 81美元至108亿美元 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个业务旅行 , 我明显会带来大多数业务的物品 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文学不包含 , 总结 , 分析了早期的文学 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球气体的燃料流动显示了核酶活动 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	要实现上面的例子 , 您使用常规的表达来执行替换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了遥感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	仿真陶瓷轴 , 直接安全密度陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们对面对面部的表现严重 , 关注面部的表现 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	用来检测皮肤印刷检测皮肤印刷试验的过敏药物 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图像:澳大利亚的珊瑚漂亮 , 伟大的砖砖礁/马特kiefer , flickr 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了快速 , 真正的餐 , 尝试蛇站在一边街上 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一个父亲 , 很难工作的是铁匠 , 带着他的儿子在生活困难下 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	本文第一章介绍了qsar和cking方法、进展和应用 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了乙烯催化剂催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	你已经参加医院接受医疗治疗或过去两年的医院 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	注意到腹部紧张性 , 心动检查显示颈动力紧张性 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给予了 " 龙虎战斗 " 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	此外 , id也是指高兴原则 , 它也代表了自我重力 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不清楚把钱放在印度最新一代的建设上 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	该系统可以有效地利用传输带宽 , 实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后提出了基于v基于v的固体解决方案 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	根据计划 , 最大的基金来源是销售回报 , 并且已根据计划进行 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温催化剂制备了硫酸和硫酸的性能 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	你的目前租赁允许你请求你在一定时期内的紧张假期吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最确路径 , 它是每个人都可以工作的东西 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思想的服务和谐的气氛 , 护理家庭真正是老人家 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工收购了332个杂志 , 44个幻想和29个非具体的书 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克林先生:我亲爱的 , 为什么不告诉我这是什么 , 我肯定我能帮助你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可能会采取错误的鸟类 , 用手把种子放在一起 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去努力达到健康护理改革的一次会议 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	本公司拥有自己的研究基础 , 生产基础上 , 上海和山西省 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	" 让我们留在城镇的一个廉价的摩西之一 , " kathleen建议 。
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 问题仍然对其它太阳周期有关 , 并且适用性 。 "
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	一个高高的男子 , 白发出来 , 是阿尔伯特 , 摩利的姐姐 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	在泰国 , 一个男人走下一条巨大的雨道 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免了越南战争的服务 , 并把根源放下来 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要组件:提取奶油、橄榄油、维生素b5、奶油 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作错误是训练成功的地方 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但是 , 很多相比的是 , 我发现最有兴趣的事情 , 却总是拒绝了 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们很惊讶地听到损害 , 在船前我们的工厂被仔细包装 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢家采取机会 , 像其他人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但他们拒绝让他们担心 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	城市警察不会充分支付 , 甚至甚至不足够的气体资金 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分 , 学习新闻文章的写作过程 , 如本免费的记者训练视频 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有强大的工作市场时 , 组织需要做什么 , 不管他们能吸引顶级候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次 , 请求解释某些东西是一个舞蹈经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要落入信念的痕迹 , 因为你不能测试每行代码 , 你必须测试任何东西 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是 " 我曾经做过的最糟糕的记录 , 这也是最有趣的 。 "
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火焰和风吹起来 , 把朱尼珀树和兴奋的年龄布什 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页面内容由illy港口或illy海关进口公司目录 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我曾经通过我的绘画表达出我关注的关注 。 人们和环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用程序高效分配系统资源的高效分配 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男性建议不要喝超过21个星期和14个女性 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	在崩溃状态中pnam的时间常数几乎是温度和浓度 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部约翰里元素将在热喷涂的铝灰色中 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包装床是1980年开发的高重力气体大量设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	不管我学到什么语言 , 我总是尝试看我的杯子 " 半 " 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	如果一名cashier在照明中保持你的账单 , 请不要被安装 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管如此失望 , 米尔纳 , 拉米和霍斯顿认为 , 尽管盐可以成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	飞机a320正在从莫斯科飞往日内瓦 , 当试图发生的时候 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	拥有50名学生发现6家公司和樱桃公司是其中一家 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自那时以来 , mcdonald和其分支已经删除了11万家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界的书籍和图书馆可以在这个年代的雪载中保持可见和相关关系 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家们只能解决一小量的情况 , 比如两个平行板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这项发现还增加了更多的冲突 , 以确定女性的最佳策略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	没有我同意他的情绪评估我是一个 " 独特的摩龙 " 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃里克的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马吕斯人最受欢迎的 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 有限制使得所有的限制 , 但不可能卖f2的日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	玛西亚是一个典型的中场者 , 他必须表现出来的潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六我们再次看到柏林 , 与迈克哈尔戈巴切夫一起 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这是一种水果 , 来自纳华尔 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	随着猴王走进洞穴 , 其他动物覆盖了洞穴门 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的途径比必要多于m2mm , 但当然是给他们最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	在1881年铁路到来之后 , 建立成为一名追踪邮件 , 它迅速发展起来 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我发现 , 距离到我们的主要帐篷 , 永远不会想到北极 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	该反应由异常震、紫外、尿病和血管瘤表现出来 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄金的周围有很多小的金矿 。 核矿 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	关注了现有it资产的底部中心方法 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	要在研究角色 , 因此 , 当需要的时候 , 可以替换正常性能的表演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	由于几乎很高收入 , 德拉顿解释说 , 平均键比媒体更高 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可能会重新编写下次的变更 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从未完成这项研究 , 所以我们从未写过 , 但是我们发现一些有趣的初步事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	即使新语言交给了一个优秀的游戏经验 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果您发现一个公寓 , 请立即向土地或财产经理提交应用程序 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期还可以招聘更优秀的诺达奇单元:攻击是一个日期的看法 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	研究中得到的单色染色体 , 大米染色体3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	他创造了最小雕像 , 保留有机形状和纹理的关系 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	没有历史 , 除了她在前几年前 , 还有几年之前 , 除了她的创伤历史 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	另外 , 还描述了西方旅游者的西方旅游 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 印度不可少 , 必须更加仔细地庆祝他们的政府财务 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	2011年夏天 , 生产开始下降 , 电影预计在201年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	挑战但严肃的英语你是我梦想获得的红色读者的球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	目前 , 只有40%的摩加德兰属性 , 从大约60%前的几个月前 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	德国的天气预测在西班牙 , 德国的日子表示 , 他的日子应该站在好的阶段 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例糖尿病成功开放 , 成功率92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特性如分离、循环影响似乎周围 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	然而 , 这确实是非常决定的 , 看起来似乎是假如 , 它可能都不会来 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德·斯洛斯说 , 他离开了一个海滩附近她的酒店附近的海滩 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	在这里她不仅谈论真正的风险因素 , 她也会出现错误的迹象 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并不比祷告者更有效 , 看起来似乎可以解释为合作 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据秩序需求 , 可设计可调整可调整的梯度 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	1980年代马拉纳帕蒂尼这样的道德声音没有迹象 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分公司是一家正式专业装饰公司的诚信 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 我喜欢城市的一切都是那么恐惧的 。 " 她说 。
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几个理论实例 , 给出了表面的地面修正 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例显示了源中使用的代码页 , 这也是windows使用的 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设置温度高 , 凝固温度是否具有负相关性 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很好 , 中国的食物是肥胖的 。 让我们享受我们的午餐男人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特写道 , 作为欧利斯贝尔 , 安妮作为行动钟 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	我永远不会忘记这些日子 , 当我住在军队里 , 士兵们对我的生活有很大的影响 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	他回来的第一件事是跑到妈妈 , 给她的丈夫和亲吻 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , 走路是可治疗的 , 而且有方法减少治理的风险将会恢复 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一种方法 , 可以将其类别的标签和方法绑定克服行动 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰与一个停止者和覆盖 , 探讨了恐怖和费德的天赋 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果想要语义对比的话 , 应该使用双指数 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	生活大学的自由 , 大学的生活人都忘记过去 , 流动到现在 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	在空气中 , 三极管出现了一个弱的辐射形式 , 不能穿越皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后提出了集团开发策略实施混凝土建议和措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	通常和基本上 , 我仍然是人类和我们的社会的有益和无害的人之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种腐蚀盆地被关闭 , 在中晚期 , 进化为沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 当移动阶段的移动阶段时 , 能量和熵都有助于分离 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化带来了新收藏的新鲜配件、衣服、珠宝和身体颜色 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	尽管会晤金融集团对外酒店的影响 , 是因为 " 狼 " 来临 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	罗纳德·雷根说: " 在我生活的四场战争中 , 无论是因为美国太强劲 。 "
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	九月份 , 该公司推出了2010年9月的销售预测 , 至600万辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	不要反对中国的内部事务的原则 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨桂林综合征患者电学特点 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏产生癌症 , 肾疾病可能导致体内癌症的缺乏 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	要担心别人 , 相信别人都会是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他正在指出 , 动物在生命期间获得了一定的特点 , 因为他们的环境和选择 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	外缸和内缸之间的距离离离离离离离离离 , 空气在空气中被泵入真空 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有人设计这个乐趣、cute、可访问的怪物类型 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913和1913年 , 他没有出版任何关于立法结构的东西 , 直到1912年或1913年 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以在html中安置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	给出了mmmmm4u管镜中的血浆稳定性和潜在限制的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 描述了系统平衡状态的平衡状态的交换性能 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	本文介绍了单扫描链设计中存储元素的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文采用宏观树脂处理废水 , 制造硫化硫化硫化物废水 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	负责党的工作 , 直接执行机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	温格尔曼在军队和政治环境中有着紧密的联系 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一辆汽车到达标准的车辆 , 应当不能在路上运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用来治疗急性和慢性肠炎和腹泻引起的细菌或真菌 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	1880年和1892年的其他协议将巴赫林保护到英国 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察综合康复治疗综合征综合征的效果 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小型多希克2:阳光不容易被清理 , 大雨清理 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后 , 由两种037型抗病毒病毒病人工艺加强了四艘船 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和开发作为一种新的治疗燃烧和伤口愈合的新治疗 , 仍然是解决这个问题 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医学:很多pepsin、胰腺素、更多酶pi、mai饲料等 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对气体参数的影响很小 , 但没有降低了aw 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	吉华总理会见了克吉奥马文化交流集团的主要成员 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前冠军罗尼奥的苏里夫人相信丁俊华有什么样的路 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	工作安全的时间部署 , 严格执行领土监管责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区公安工作将面临良好的发展机会 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需要驱动它的部门 , 实现基于标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划在10至60公里的电动机上安装其他超光针 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在已经被新老板采取了 , 而且其钱的困难似乎是过去的事情 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑我们所有的印度人 , 它会解释我们彼此相互教导 , 它会不会有许多骑士 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	但是 , 有各种事情 , 可以从死者或鬼人交流 , 或是你有什么东西 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	sift一起 , 干燥成分混合碗 , 添加方向蝴蝶和膝盖形成 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行基础政治家讲话很多话 , 这种观点似乎不会持续 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗明星价格 , 提供5颗恒星的价值建议在市场上不匹配 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我认为读者得到了这一点 。 在某些时候 , 我们都很喜欢这样的行动:我们太忙着做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	基本上所有的事情都是阿加斯和里索 , 其他的家伙 , 他们在生活中有什么感谢 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在很多情况下 , 他们与我国经济秩序干涉了很多高质量货品市场的普通经济秩序 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑法制度 , 税收相关犯罪包括各种机构的税收制度 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 基于hikivision图像捕获板的图像捕获控制 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能是在辩论的原则 , 例如识别衰退或理解偏见的原则 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否在做街道照片或访问自然或人造网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能做一个后期的脂肪 , 寻找在你的兴趣方向上扩展你的当前位置 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将在你的头冠中 , 会填满你的身体 , 你不会真正习惯 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度的变化 , 优化了压力损失的模型 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	这些年来 , 通道的主要特点是多路传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都在下面 , 金钱总是使决策 , " 皮尔格里诺告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	沙米坡和其他产品设计的产品不停止头发损失或促进头发的重新发展 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	温室试验结果表明 , 生物控制效率达到72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有人认为我们在未来太远的未来 , 我们都不会坐在那个峰顶上 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周在我们系列、拉里西和托尼·里格斯描述了抗war运动的抗war动 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使在一个适当的学习中心 , 或是在历史的网站上领导旅游需要一名主人 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	上16岁以上的新加坡人和新加坡人士将会被浪费 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	介绍了hl7中间件实现方法 , 介绍了多参数监测器的实现方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我是在我的平原上列表 , 我的命令链不会让我移动 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆上市总部狩猎公司作为操作模式的初步研究 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵风险分析模型具有解决这些问题的独特理论和方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来支付的价值分支价值分支价值的商学方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么能说 ? 无论在继续情况下 , 怎么能再生 ? 没有死亡 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	刑罚:一项按照未来违反未来暴力的惩罚 , 类似于巴罗 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	第二部分解释了如何启动成本的启动成本是如何启动成本的 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动学的一项科学研究是揭示事物和客观法的认知过程 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	但费尔的妻子 , 丽达 , 曾经有一件事是错的: " 你知道是一个妻子 , 就像是一个有趣的 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	在原则上 , 每个基因的复制 ; 估计60 , 000基因是相同的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员查看这个主题 , 那么该作者应该注入政府做什么 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想匹配这些字符的字符 , 您必须使用一个逃离背景 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当2008年欧洲冠军的时候 , 预测赢家并没有第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	随着多功能死亡 , 平方和圆孔孔孔孔角度的制造可制造 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	好心是广泛、慷慨、强迫宇宙的利益 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我首先表达我们最诚挚的祝贺 , 实现出色的结果和同学 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	沿着湾中心 , 赢得了全国建设 " luban奖 " 现代园林 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几个星期 , 我的26岁儿子大卫 , 曾经我和他去大西洋城市 , n 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	菲尔曼说 , 银行拥有其客户信任 , 并没有看到任何有意义的基金流量的基金 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	保险游泳游泳者丹尼亚已经成为第一个人从古巴到美国没有鲨鱼笼的第一人 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	" 总统将不负责这项立法 , " 博哈纳告诉记者说 。
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事显示了贫困国家的悲剧现实和其对人们和家庭的影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在阿克姆·沙克之后 , 精神病人 , 明天你是短期的 。
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	根据相关规定 , 任何人都会按照相关规定处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许小于kiloton , 这听起来像很多 , 但实际上是小的核设备 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在更基础上 , 美国人害怕不仅是死亡 , 而且在谈论和思考死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	晚些时候 , " 茱莉·普林意识 " 读到: " 中国的伟大的年代 , 没有云变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球化公司位于华盛顿海滩 , 加州 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商将拥有超过医疗设备的质量系统 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个人喜欢道德化的人通常是一个假说 , 同样的女人也是不可避免的平原 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	尽管我们没有人会单独改变宇宙的过程 , 集体上我们可以做这个 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他补充道 , " 通过我们的领导者的神和智慧 , 这些插件被中性化 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	一项调查了龙湖山区野花的野生花朵及其应用 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记住 , 上帝的名字代表了我们名字的神 , 耶和华神自己是这个塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用废弃一个基准推进剂 , 通过证据钢板判断了电荷的破坏情况 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自3月以来 , 自fda开始调查药品 , 阿根廷股价已持续27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文总结了almg合金添加剂的试验研究 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	这是根据消息集的消息 , 根据消息设置 , oker的文件系统不受限制的 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰·鲍森在处理儿童的极端公司 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	您不应该需要更多的字来解释图片的意思 , 或者为什么包含它 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	铅笔 , 银子 , 矿石 , 金属 , 金属 , 锂 , 离子和蒜只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	尝试和清楚你在床前的思维 , 努力考虑艾滋病睡眠的积极思想 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但在中国加入了npt1992年和nsg2004年 , 至少有官方的帮助 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	汉妮问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金姆她不能爱一个人不再爱一个人 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村资本投资不足低效率的问题 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	对于一段时间来说 , 阿姨扇还有大面包 , ‘打开了 , 然后她就会推出来 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有嘴 , 眼睛和腰肢 ; 嘴唇是不智能的 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	祖母 , 告诉我你怎么做的事情 , 有时候我想做最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚总统罗马尼亚是黑海地区的大西洋主义基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与肝脏之间的直接链接很好 , 但酒精对其他机器官的影响是什么 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但我认为这是时间重新评估我所做的事情 , 或者不要对我的存在添加任何值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5所示的最后一个相关项目 , 包含额外的html类:网上需要 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 " 谢上帝 " 的周五 , 词通常只使用在周四 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	爱德·贝吉先生 , 61岁的活动家和演员 , 比任何人都要做 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我是艰难的 , 我是雄心的 , 我知道我想要的 , 如果这是个坏女人 , 好吧 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们问相关专家在接触前应该讨论的事情 , 这里是13个问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	2002年以来 , 北京官方首席福布斯 , 已经覆盖中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一站是东城 , 东莞县的座位已经在出口贸易中出口力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	我们有关国家卫生服务的立法 , 十年前 , 没有事情发生 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到目前 , 本文根据实践的原理和实践 , 建立了一个框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客触摸一个人 , 让他们知道他需要穿过 , 但允许他手长得比必要 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他去了她 , 为她早期无信 , 保证了她的搜索已经结束了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipjtomcat.zip到您的tmcat安装的webapps目录 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	小组显示 , 只有通过cdk1分化成骨细胞的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但中国并不认识到这一事实 , 如果他应该做的话 , 那么他会消灭自己的优越感 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长调节剂对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘记礼物的基本真理时 , 它总是在教堂里引起麻烦 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了实现马里亚的未来 , 必须填充许多条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	法兰克保罗是来自瑞士联邦研究所的专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	预算电影合同和叶片长 , 洛杉矶或婚礼 , 没有像任何东西一样的一部分 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	实现监测、检查和质量控制在室内和子承包钢制造和焊接部分 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种氢基因和应用程序 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	关闭店尝试和控制动力 , 只能依赖你自己的内部创新机械和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 研究人员说 , 可能会得到相同限制的食物 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救济努力并不足以得到组装线的其他地方 , 然而 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:201年房间201 , 第4届陶瓷研究所 , 香西路 , 中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于甲酸乙酯离子的平面磷酸盐膜膜电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和keleton对象也需要关心开始和承诺容器管理交易 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我会想到天堂和地球、血、火和烟囱 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自从新世纪开始 , 这个主题的大规模引入开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他建立了2004年著名的中国现代绘画和书法网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用 , 建立了与inotify的通信 , 作为遵循系统的可用函数 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡觉是心理操作范围下跌的意识之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	a:根据中国法律 , 进入中国的非法违法的人 , 应该按照中国法律处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液测试早期可靠 , 7周前进入妊娠 , 超声不能 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc媒体也增加了越来越多的血管模型中的血管 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 通常在眼睛里泪 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	故意 , 他的妻子将会有一个可怕的剂量 , 证据证明他与他相符合 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是强化梗阻是一个关键变化 , 而且自动变化是全球变化 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望莎的同学或朋友可以在国外阅读你的话 , 如果可能的话 , 我希望莎的同学或朋友可以读到你的评论 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了catv图书馆的基础 , 只是艾滋软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但牛奶充满白细胞 , 使牛奶变得更快 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	同样 , 烹饪和可爱的质量主要是由gca恢复器和f1组合所决定的 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	该技术支持了uclidean距离测量和lfteelidean距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	克斯特说: " 客户被设计为普通化疗药物的治疗替代 。
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	汽油价格平均下跌7美分 , 最新的星期每桶3.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她准备好的时候 , 发现所有的视频剪辑比记录中所有的力量都比了 ;
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然 , 你可以买一些不锁定的手机 , 现在它通常是一个手机操作的方法 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验表明 , 金属离子对脂肪的形状、大小和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	江说: " 如果我从美国开始 , 我会花费更多时间寻找资金 , 我会花费更多的时间 。 "
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果患者之间存在神经分离 , 它可以解释重要行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干燥化学试验方法和尿沉积镜检测方法的临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一名伟大的员工 , 使我的团队有着重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	这篇报告有权在本期刊发表的写作和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第十二条小规模纳税人走ds或可税务服务 , 应该是6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组电机功能明显提高 , 特别是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	药物通过物传播 , 伴随着热波和强烈的野火 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张照片 , 约翰·莱昂和约翰·莱诺的照片 , 他们就像一张平滑的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的头发和银色的玻璃使他成为哈利波特的死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮件给美国的邮件 , 首先是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡是一个财富的部分 , 必须给予贫困或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	因此 , 在碰撞后几乎发生的事情 , 电子在这里倒下来 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么 ? 这看起来就像是你站在山上一个巨大的青年家伙的时候 , 看起来是什么样的 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内部艾滋病 , 让他们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她一天喂了牛奶三到四倍 , 每天的婴儿需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	对于我们的知识最好 , 大脑的天使极少被瑞士报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看 , 这个消息是一名80名女孩 , 为她的狗出生的3000元 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	使用ergraph工具设计系统信息模型 , 建立了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	没有洪水到我们的路上 , 但在这里 , 山区的山区正在落在路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层的框架和监督控制层网络系统的管理层和管理层控制层 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论目前实验室检查并不显著帮助bmt早期诊断 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	设计的传感器也可以用来测量其他线性位移或旋转角度 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析了汉代铜的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	东南地区西部和东部的pt条件有不同的pt条件 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校策略:积极适应 , 进步迅速发展 , 独立发展 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 该公式被认为是可用来计算管道沉积力的计算 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	设置值是一个java.lang.对象或子类的参考 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	国家卫生运动协会政府在美国的大学体育 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着那些住在大房子里的人 , 不要你 ? " 一个女孩问道 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我的丈夫的第一个教练经验是一个高级的学者篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨脑室内血压的临床特点及治疗方法 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	如洗、吹孔等缺陷 , 分散在蝴蝶式阀中 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	每年你每年都会增加通胀和主体对政府调节 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因基本上是由于东和西之间的思想差异 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	抗抑郁药的下方之一是 , 他们可以在两周和八周之间进行长时间工作 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有一个很大的关系 , 即使是在他谈话我想知道所有的情况下 , 即使是他说的原始游戏 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是我们建立学校和发展基金的主要效益 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文分析了现代景观开发项目的建设管理 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市人民国会 , 加州华盛顿黄东说 , 学校主席 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立一种新制备的复合铁酸盐凝胶的质量控制 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间 , 豪华房间 , 单房间 , 各种套房 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染和耐药状态 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨大鼠肠动力学的吸收动力学 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜 , 美丽的魔鬼洞 , 水 , 摩西 , 奴隶 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	回到韩国 , 烟雾和威廉市都享受了爱情时期的两个人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	因此 , 这只是你可以在一个单轨道中最有电子的概念 , 是两个电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记有关水平表面 , 忘记站在后面 , 只要把你的队员拿起来 , 把它扔掉 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 打击 " 意味着 , 独立信息共享 , 互相理解和同时期的平行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰还有神话质量 , 因为直到日本发现他们是不可能发展的 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我他和妻子在34年前已经搬到了 , 就在他们结婚之前 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	我说我爱我的自由 , 现在我不确定我做的 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	本发明所专利 , 必须明显 " 对于艺术的普通技能之一 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	五月五日 , 莱纳德的字段发布和文章在巴塔维亚 , 伊利诺伊斯关于阿里昂 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣卢西亚是一个明显的岛屿 , 只有希望它能保持不对立的魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请维持清洁环境 , 转移细胞电话和b.b.调用 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac的治疗效率比传统的pac或铝硫酸钠更好 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户从一个音乐博客到cn的话 , 那么这个价值可以添加什么值 ? 可能没有 。
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我刚刚刚在丹麦 , 事实上我不会有一个巨大的古尔普社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了提高idp的负载 , 基于集群的负载平衡是实现负载平衡的必要性 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但是 , 在那么暴力的存在中 , 原因是温和的 ; 没有什么都是原因 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与爱尔兰团体相同的时候 , 给我们一个新的观点和陶瓷工作的方法 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务预算是由短缺经济转移的关键问题 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听着 , 但是她还没有办法 , 然后她看到了北方和米斯·布莱特说后来 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到了一半光芒 , 这是诗人感觉的本质 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但改变足够的词 , 虽然它只是一个时候 , 你的思想结束也是同样的 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然 , 两个女孩有一个变化 , 另一个人把猎物和水推到了水里 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳闪烁着河流 , 带着丈夫的丈夫 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一对不适合你的鞋子里 , 所以你可能想要分离服装鞋子或体育 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后 , 他又向保卫 , 用一封信来处理 , 但他特别的细节并不知道 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	此外 , 由于宗教组织的宗教团体 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和增强水力燃料生产的喷雾 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔夫歌 , 诺顿扮演 " 瑞士河 " , 然后 " 梅兰克·塞里纳德 " 快速 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	交易机制和系统将由公司、代理商、零售商、销售商保持 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期调查系统 , 必须通过视觉检查来控制库 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	但我对你说 , 应该更容易对判断日子的土地进行判断 , 比起诉讼 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一名演员 , 曾经是一名来自山寨的艺术家 , 到保罗mccarney 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	新应用程序或功能性很大提高 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	出场适合拉夫利先生的开幕衬衫 , 通常运动 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后 , 给出了匹配和线性电压控制的最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 黄张不能控制自己 , 却开始笑着他的妻子和可爱的婴儿 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道 , 爸爸怎么努力 , 共同努力 , 足够的钱是我的根据和课程 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	得到一些人或有些东西 , 用和锤子轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻地挂着 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	温柔是一个尖锐的剑 , 温柔是一种能让所有人提交自己 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 道德和经济都变得不可复杂的对方 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试的话 , 我会得到一个坏年级 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但这两次的学术奖金也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	数字二 , 指针分别在指针开始 , 并跟踪箭头访问它的指针 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	1891年12月21日 , 第一个篮球比赛在历史上扮演 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期的醒来 , 他对国会共和党人作出了一场意愿 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本远远远越来越多 , 但日圆已经成为那些飞行美元的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	地上 , 他们正在向西方和自然春天的土地方方方方方方方方方方方方向 , 树木 , 树木 , 山顶到西边 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	吉宁白博士发表了许多文章 , 出版了有机化学和香料的主题 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗吗 ? 我不相信 , 我认为他在我的兄弟一起工作 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的姐姐对我错过了 , 她把我放在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	" 外星 " 圣 " 的生命是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	利维什说: " 只是那些需要担心他们提交结果的恶性家伙 。 "
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们走到第二楼的房间 , 带着门 , 穿着自己的办公室 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的对话融合方法可以克服传统的对话综合方法 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了高效液相色谱测定法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件过程元素是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	论文介绍了大量前秦儒学思想和道学思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房 , 他沿着他的信中滑出来 , 把他们的折叠的信息 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地的人杀死了所有人 , 反对国王阿蒙 , 他们使约西亚王在他的地方 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	另一家零售链之一 , 是第一家将质量和预期提供在同一销售地板上 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	达格尔并不需要从发明中赚钱 , 因为他被法国政府所受到的刑罚 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉人们吃鲨鱼的文件是很好的 , 但是吃得很相同的动物是不错的 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	为了感觉空气温度 , 比如热炉、热气隧道...
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电力转换器在增压模式下运行时 , 低压侧电池将消耗 , 为dclink提供功能 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	其下跌1256年 , 蒙古帝国的扩张成了伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个阻碍区图 , 并提出了一个边界图 , 加强振动的边界图 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下文链接应该对创建的事务所需要的信息进行理解 , 并使用它们 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个热点夏天 , 让你的计算机桌面已经成为幻想 , 充满了尝试 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微电机械系统多粒度宏观模式非标准结构秩序降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨阿莫尔河亚硫化学物质的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在我喜欢学校之前 , 我喜欢所有东西 , " 19岁的红色电视台说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	这个空间与各种类型的家庭和贸易人员的工作站在一起 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学会了一些当地的范围 , 包括在家庭的巴菲尼亚州 , 如果吃的话 , 我们也学会有毒 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	然而 , 在这里 , 假设可能的危险中 , 量化的事情都是有一个难以置信的 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的正式集 , 给出了常半群的结构理论 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析了天线高度扫描的存在问题 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但我们必须提醒我们的同志 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 五七 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满了雄心和骄傲 , 一旦他们收集了他们的第一次杀死的皮肤 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	将这种价格定位显著增加潜在的null布局已经积极 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果表明 , 调味道和蒙古羊之间的抗肿瘤感染的差异 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 远超过山顶的橄榄树 " , " 小河 " , " 村庄交叉 " 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在新西兰电视台的视频图片中 , 男性在他被盗的垃圾中携带了一个伤害的男人 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 乔治·马森大学地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	奥萨克的土耳其农民并非免疫 , 每个地方都在打击农村社区的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	因此 , alien种子在其它树顶上 , 分开和种植到大种子里 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	" 火山公开的最后 , " 彼得·l&uml说 , 一个政治科学家sche 。
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	定量地处理了厦门西部七站的沉积样品 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两者都结束了饮料和女性的诱惑 , 与批评家和新闻有关 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	丹什板收到了关注应用程序的上下文信息 , 并使用它查询后端商店的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	agvgv大基础系统是一组软件控制 , 管理许多软件来完成很多材料交通任务 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	第一章的书五章开始 , 在这里 , 已经推出了一个希望的禁止 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	运输方便:上海220公里 , 65公里从杭州 , 290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作者罗伯特·沃尔斯创造了一个诗歌的肖像 , 他实际上写了一个自我肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	所有你有思想的东西 , 说 , 现在你现在是这样做的 , 还包含了你未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖主义的nuke , 组装从straysoviet消防材料 , 可以破坏整个日子 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听了两个朋友谈论过去 , 想 " 梦 " 的现实 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	业务决策的自然和特点 , 知识系统 , 开发历史、应用程序、功能在业务决策中 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	据伊里克森说: " 我是一个温馨 , 我已经活了500年 。 " 贝恩斯利说 。
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	因此 , 奥萨可能会在压力下削减警察数字的结果 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	那时 , 埃利杰出来的时候 , 一个惊奇的前言 , 只有上帝在他死后 , 就像他那样的前言 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	他说 , 参加他的阅读 , 大量的历史人数 , 40万人住在同一个城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确保 , 我认为你应该有一个三个玻璃尿试验 , 以及检查前景的一部分 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	学校有小张 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 现在积极努力建立一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	本公司拥有强大的技术力量和国内先进产品r&d能力研究所 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝结冷却 , 失去了组织 , 白海天使堆积也承认了他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在民族卫生协会上投资免疫高度的关键 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	本文介绍了该测量机理的设计原理和计算方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在福利多元主义影响下 , 社区护理成为复制问题的主要策略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	实际上 , 我每天都在杰里 , 每天我都是在洗澡时 , 我还没有喝冷水 , 如果是雪还是睡觉 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被保存到一个持久的媒体 , 或者是来自他们原始的数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学破坏解决方案具有良好的稳定性 , 服务寿命长 , 耐用钢表面粗糙度低 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他是由4名高级官员支持 , 他们也选举了政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	住宅活动家和学者说 , 这个选举将会很容易 , 但不会结束 , 房子危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利亚的目标是抓住她在那段时间框架内最好的肖像 , 你的工作是帮助她这样做 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文斯先生说 , 从现在的移民将会在 " 澳大利亚的工作力 " 中扮演更大的作用 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人怀疑的责任 , 知道你在未来准备 , 中国的下一代领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这个失去的人类 , 它们有一个战争的视图 , 第一 , 问后来的问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板板加强软土基本具有快速速速、效果好、施工方便等特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 1999年 , 心理树咨询正在预测现有的材料的非常威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	它比原始的一个和240个sqm等效区域更大50倍 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但上帝不仅忘记过去 , 他穿着你在正确的衣服 , 虽然你从未承认罪 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	观察人员彼此关闭 , 哭泣 , 相互在那个时代 , 让我欣赏我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟的焦是一种非常成熟的工艺 , 看起来是一种普通的脱硫工艺 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	2005年 , 房屋的高峰上涨 , 现有和新房子的销售都在1976年的两倍 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:全晚监测6例sb患者和8例正常人 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	而她的男孩 , 他们在好莱维尔 , 是那么 ? 父亲对此很高兴 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	在5059年龄组中 , 非药物的使用也更普遍 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国人民的基本利益 , 与中国人民交易和朋友有关 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们也可以猜 , 这样的牙刷可能会伤害男人的牙齿和他的情绪 , 很大程度上不便利 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是 , 一个过度信心的李思想 , 两个银行都会增强 , 梅德会在中心的弱点 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	范尼拉 , 最受欢迎的旗帜 , 在商店前面是一个独立的案例 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	三十岁以上女性离婚的女性几乎像中国舞蹈文化的一样 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲通常会错过他们的道路 , 我可以告诉你目前没有机会 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是关于爱、幸运、青年文化和街头生活的新型壳鱼电视 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到了电视屏幕的消息 , 死者现在21 , 000多人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , 在扩展后 , eg插入到细胞查询中 , eg插入到 " 蠕虫 " 像结构一样 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	由于高尔夫球员在高尔夫球员高尔夫球员的手臂能更加自然 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他种玉米有较少的水 , 没有水 , 当你加热玉米的时候 , 内部的水使玉米爆发 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红葡萄、水果和蔬菜停止癌症、心脏疾病 , 依赖剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到我能花很多钱 , 现在我必须住在我的信用卡上 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会负责明确定义吗 ? 这些定义满足区域的需要 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	一种应用该摄像机的研究方案是流动细胞 , 一种用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺 , 他说: " 信心和保留自己的客户的秘密 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 提出了负高压供电的负电理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但如何标准产生神经科学评估范围目前尚未考虑 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我要求她建议 , 她总是准备好帮助 , 解释我完全满意 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	该版本双扫描器具有两对输出线 , 适用于广泛的用途 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你喜欢一个令人惊讶的教育经验 , 那么机会就会得到很多 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国从叙利亚暴力反对抗抗议者的叙利亚的一名邀请 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地回答道: " 如果是上帝的话 , 没有任何伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	但后来 , 他们有四分之一的战斗 , 他们杀死了一个可考的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在贵阳高中得到了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从奥巴伦斯基的政权转移到贝州霍夫州 , 这是在莫斯科附近的形成 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能操作 , 包括战略底部和覆盖操作的使用 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校英语课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是无论是否 , 几乎没有完成低密钥的细胞组工作 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理也访问了罗德亚总医院 , 由中国社会福利项目基金 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个例子正在改变表空间容器的位置 , 它也可以使用背部和恢复 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有引起商业名牌的损害 , 但将提高他们的削减 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	mercator的世界是一个双月的杂志 , 探索 , 发现 , 地球和空间映射 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元将运行198.95美元 , 转换视频和图像是由usb从计算机中完成的 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	本研究在波海岸的最后一次全球损失的调查 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试类似于近期实际格 , 问题类型和困难程度相似 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	本文对vrv热泵空调系统的经济效率进行了比较 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这部电影是一个美国版本的两千八名叫 " 波尔 " 的美国版本 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	二十个灯光与灯光的灯光 , 将内部卫生前面燃烧 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有很多道教区域 , 上清区具有最大的影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展已经给出了基督教和其他外国节日的出生 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐歌在 " 新疆 " 的一个小知识 , 展示了每一方面的意识治理 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春季春季的雨日期是明显的十年内特征 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有的sa指示器都在工作场训练和评估中获得了证书4 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以把这笔钱给那些在达尔福的校园里 , 到了艾滋病疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看 , 我们的拇指和拳击员 , 我们在车时 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道你的眼睛不会与灯光黑色触摸 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更深 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有很多 " 也许 " 的 " 可能 " , 他们似乎只能贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置瓶颈的原因是一个变化 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本烹饪书中 , 它们是非常营养的 , 所以 , 适合每年消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果 , 交易和生育体重的妊娠年龄明显小于中产组 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统选举了一家城市商务执行官 , 成为他的新秘书 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然我不能吃饭 , 但我仍然可以用这些鼻子和饺子来获得 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp被授予了尊重力量 , 这意味着它被允许称为一所大学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年发表了我第一篇文章 , 但在1983年初 , 早期写作最不开始 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以采取步骤 , 开始了解为什么事情发生 , 您可以寻找积极的数学 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着你必须战斗如果你想留下技能 , 而且在你的财务给予收入时 , 就会给你留下更少的激励 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	银顶上家 , 但为了旅行 , 广东没有瞬间回到吉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种行业的新标准 , 包括卫生保健 , 已经促进了xmlenabled应用程序的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你做出了严肃的错误 , 如果你伤害了别人或自己 , 那就没有用来感觉到严肃 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	一个主机或服务决定在低压阈值下跌时停止平台 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	变量系数 , 解决方案本身和正常流量可能是在接口中不断的 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中9硝基霉素激素的体外稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母 , 教育家 , 心理学家和心理学家们 , 寻求帮助 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	在第一次出口 , 重量 , 米利地和匹配的玛丽蔬菜 , 大大延迟了我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸爸:在经典的建筑中 , 平原部分 , 在基础和玉米之间 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	莎金是一款机械 , 这是他的工作shop , 他在后面有一个小型的房间 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	长一次接受新闻 , 不仅没有逃避 , 却穿着一套适合的衣服 , 准备救他们的父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他现在捕获了数百万人生活的山镇 , 而在2050年期间 , 三百万人都希望生活在哪里 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	一些美国中西部的一些国家已经宣布了由于雨灾和农村的紧急状况 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	戈斯比:引用纳特·阿尔巴德学习你不知道一件好事 , 直到是找到其他人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论利多卡因与德克萨酮结合 , 可以防止药物引起的药物 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两人醒来 , 突然看到了青春花 , 采取了谁来到了 , 说 , 为了寻找青春花 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突变了非森林 , 沉默的月球 , 轻柔的光 , 把地面放在圆形的地面 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 分散的客人 , 女士和绅士 , 所有的员工吉华 , 下午 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	典型的李江空间森林很难看到拉希海地区 , 因为人类对它的影响很大 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 野生的燃烧与黄金部长和其他人包装的动物相关 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	考古学家们确认 , 园林被放弃了一个真正的建筑物 , 提供了提高水的规定 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	本论文将是一个21世纪的萨拉杰夫 , 在能源资源上引发一个主要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	岳岳的未期待死亡已获得了良好的萨马利亚法律的国际辩论 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期聚乙酯的原理、制造和应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	由于格里斯和德里亚的收入 , 莱尔奇有许多城镇在高原犯罪中执行 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果采用异丙烯神经作为溶剂 , 膜滤波避免了介质的干涉 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	1893年 , 在27岁的时候 , 他报道了一篇照明方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 这些诗的意义很清楚 , 读者可以从她的经验中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	制作家庭福利项目旨在防止4 , 000万人员失效 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	实际上 , 在雷射和循环方向下 , 气速和气压变化的变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你花了2小时的课堂训练和评估 , 每个学生都会获得0.2元 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了一种精确的方法和苯乙烯静极极极性的研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把鸡蛋放在炉子上 , 蛋糕的沙子是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 18个月的燃料周期获得了广东核电厂的大边缘 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室试验中 , 他们发现 , 被称为blec作为两个当前艾滋病毒 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	第400名im不仅需要强度和速度 , 而且还有极大的耐力 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	帕迪说: " 当这个公共文件固定了他的拇指 , " 潘迪说 , " 他们不能回来 。
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是班级球员 , 他很不同 , 我不能找到他看起来像他一样或玩耍 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员说 , 他们的发现也可以申请那些声称他们依赖早餐杯茶取得大脑 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看不到没有人会来 , 给你吃或水 , " 人说 , " 上帝会给我提供 , " 是唯一答案 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度不会增加你的抑郁 , 但获得重量 , 你需要适合你的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	在网上得到了互联网之后 , 他开始从空间中发出的twitpics , 获得了忠诚的追随 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	ahmui还说 , 另一天她只想说她对整个事情的想法 , 没有任何关于战斗 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用正确的axilla , 制备了移植肿瘤模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我得到了这个参议员 , 所以我可以在他们回家之后 , 他们不能忽视它 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本文对人类、ilium、skull和rib的强度限制进行了比较 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	凯瑟的种类被建立成了一块扎布拉克 , 使他同样的种类成为死亡的黑色马尔 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛使用 , hlv兼容电路的设计越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝型电力设备:主要设备为厂家、家庭和其他厂家提供电力 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	21岁的丹麦国际广泛被视为欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	妇女是诊断35岁的媒体年龄 , 被观察到了17 , 408个人 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	巴尼慕尼奇的中场离开已经证实了 , 他将在一名老板转会上留下 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	迷人的生物 , 凤凰 。 他们可以立即携带巨大的负荷 , 他们的泪水有健康的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样的情况下 , 组织可以使用一个简单的进展检查员来实现机制和启动 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	在英格兰的木材和纤维玻璃手工 , 卵巢形成的内部措施只超过6英尺 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是我国知识驱动经济时代的一般名字 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家墨尔本哲学有很多理由庆祝庆祝 , 它与观众共享了庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 沙鲁克已经结束了 , 国家第二个电信操作员比埃斯塔的第二个电信操作员 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前瞻性膜只释放新鲜水 , 不允许盐水污染袋 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们将欢迎来自我们的城市委员会的更多帮助-------------------------------------------------
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你已经有限的工资预算和一个星期最大5k , 但是你想要7k 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液保险:现在有机会来自英雄袭击 , 血液师 , 或威尔文 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	针对非静态过程线性结合的第一交叉可靠性 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	随着市场渠道的发展 , 项目应该采用授权的销售代理模型来提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民担心 , 跨坡可以创造低质量的混合植物 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员了解不同形状和尺寸的特点 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨腹膜内钉对缺血小儿腹腔内骨折的影响 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	该工具适合一个进展的螺旋动作 , 它允许一个低速开关 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	pd控制采用位置算法 , 限制了控制量和整数量 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	研制了一种可离子和有机化合物分离的伪相液相色谱 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	商品苏州公园酒店和建议是苏州会议或社交场所的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	运行微镜观察了反通信动脉冲通信的解剖特征 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	扫描器切割一朵花 , 想用鲨鱼刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早早晨或鸭子建议 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在过程中 , 共同的论点需要相当的辩论和对话 , 在法官、党和其他参与 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记花费圣诞节看电影 , 或者假期的假期阅读1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	特里·lundgren是马西的首席执行官 , 公司拥有macy和bloomingdales部门的公司 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 无论你将会发生在一个类、会议、会议、会议或会上 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们一般信任我们的能力 , 但我们不信任其他人管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南外交部长phinhminh说话 , 周一结束了生产力 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	调查你心中烦恼...跟着节奏......一起 , 他们的头发一起...
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷铬矿床运行的关键点和破坏效果 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配了指挥器的迹象 , 那么分裂的结果向小子无限度 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨纳米管复苏对ktp激光再灌注的影响 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	您有一个单个消息引擎 , 当你添加si业务的集群成员时 , 就会自动创建 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平板表面将阻碍风流 , 同时创建死水区 , 在它平方形成之前 , 造成了一个死水区 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国继续成为2008年亚洲各地寻求国家的主要国家 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何一些反应文件都可以拥有他们的丰富或平等文本体现场 , 都适用于电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	murrieta沿着教育 , 高收入人口相比在圣迭戈和橙县的社区 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	通道是一个不投票的方案 , 但即使fda建议板板 , 不选票仍然是由机构评估 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在已成立10年的市场条件下 , 可以更多的公司加入 , 将建立一个行业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克森说: " 你需要削减制定机构来使制度变化 , 协调预算解决 。
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者们了解 , 先前的检查 , 吉吉正已经订了两个 " 五个小说 " 的建筑 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是笔者的作者:《查德勒burr》2003年书的皇帝 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、计划、设计和交付集成服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为客户提供高质量的时尚产品 , 为每一件事情提供良好的工作 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr共同工作模式 , 在gpr记录中有大量的水平相关噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 康纳的28岁的大脑是怎样产生的 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 很享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	萨吉特人是积极的人们 ; 他们在生活上有着明亮的外面 , 是企业 , 充满能源和活力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	一般情况下 , 废物不会有或展示感染的内在危害 , 除了非常特殊情况下 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	但是 , 没有什么事情 。 相反 , 阿帕格奥斯通过一次不期待和谐的成功演化 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:研究葡萄糖酶在动物病理模式中的含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有的jcss气体都按照政府机构分析的重力标准气体的价值进行分配 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这个步骤是在过去几十年前的化学研究中引起最强烈的水果 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个竞争者都在坐在一座塔上 , 然而 , 只有在他们完全被击败 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	它提供了一个单一和完成的客户、合作伙伴、产品和业务通过数据仓库或联邦提供 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	公司可能有时会有时回报销售损失 , 为了迫使其竞争进入破产 , 然后主导市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常当使用git时 , 您可以假设您的存储库在内核上是一个小的位置 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力 , 电话 , 保险和电缆账户自动地从每个月中获取 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图改变并不平等的治疗 , 限制西方权力的特权 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我注意太阳的光线 , 即使在冬天最冷的日子里 , 我可以很容易地形成火焰 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应当采取适当的政策 , 以确保这些西方企业在技术创新中的领导状况 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果上帝看到我们穿过他爱的儿子的眼睛 , 那么我们也应该从耶稣看到自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但是 , 对于一个广泛的方式 , 不同于颜色和姿势和多样性的体现统一和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性产业和非创造性的袋子密切经济 , 它的非wowo-wo-wo-wo-wo-wowo-wowovenbag对产业发展的影响 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本论文介绍了今年我国luu研究的特点 , 并揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	校园的第一条规则是保持一个清洁的营地 , 你不能留下任何东西 , 认为是食物 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	这使得石油沉积可能达到不能达到一座城镇或湖泊的石油沉积 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报告网络外部性是imcl的重要因素之一 , 并证明了 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	由于新恐怖威胁 , 街道被关闭 。 警察线线路 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为 , 在政治上看到一个动态女性 , " 34岁的莱okamoto说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	法国航空工业将于2012年在巴黎附近的巴黎附近安装增强机场 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体位置 " 北山文化 " 成为一个新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因为高美国利率倾向于引起美元的欣赏 , 他们可能会使得大贸易赤字更大 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	广泛应用于辐射、电视、电视等现代装置 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在海滨河镇 , 生活的过程完全是对潮流的温柔流 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	在六月份 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪手在豪华大陆酒店发射了一场死亡的袭击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果对象确实是一名飞行员 , 恢复它可能是值得数百万美元的 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动与其电荷和平均尺寸相关 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	通过hplc分析了我国氯乙纯尿病植物中磷酸含量 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	托马斯先生正在做一个长距离 , 请等几分钟 , 你会喜欢咖啡或茶 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两个创始人说 , 每个人都拥有x的新co , 分配所有的ipip与新科相关的ipip 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过欣赏和分析一些组成部分 , 我们可以合理地在中国现代油画的现状 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	通常的莱克勒克尔克称他们的追踪者 , 说: " 你怎么能 , 法国人 , 穿着别人的统一吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	利用光学检测方法 , 研究了激光对b/kno3的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	识别了两种合金软件和xengraft的板块的贡献 , 具有良好的认识 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 只有在太阳峰记录 , 地方是在保护下的国家公园 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子的歌曲在孩子们的教育中扮演着重要的部分 , 不要替代其他诗歌 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	一个vivivid图片 ! 正如图片描述 , 有很多事情或要求的人必须承担或寻求 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预计 , 中东继续不稳定的报告可能会继续推进春天的价格 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另一个因素提到:公司在后端建立的公司 , 以便要求所谓云计算的优点 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	根据交通统计的发展趋势 , 提出了 " 交通账户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅学生 , 还有老师被王李青承认到青华大学的新闻引起了启发 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这项金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准项目和基金未来的倡议 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	建立了基于工程分散规则和动力学原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 脚 " 系统给您一些选择在表面上的装饰物体 , 比如表面和服装者 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的十字塔将由五个混合的塔组成 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可能会回忆到2006年 , 中国非洲合作论坛的大厅回忆 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会与美国法官谈话一个机会 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意在左侧侧侧侧侧周围的细胞形成内周围的细胞 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、尿细胞变形指数、纤维素和plt均降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的coreoslinux用户可以获得一个可云平台 , 以达到世界上最大的市场之一 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在服装行业中应用 , 服装mtm快速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据收集的个人数据将被严格的信心 , 并且只能用来收取和其他通讯 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个笔头都分开匹配一两个帽子 , 液管在笔记本上 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从上述结果表明 , 在预测mchmanpower供应的供应中 , 生命可行的方法是实用的 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何在这个自由的循环课程中 , 从经验的慢性艺术家来看 , 如何在这个自由循环的课程 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛还宣布了中国人力资源的高级副总裁 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于它的微观点 , 格雷兹是一个鲁什公园的城市 , 几乎是中世的火焰 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	你是因为你在你的身体里都得到了这些germs , 你的身体想要得到germs , 所以你snez 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这对于增加额外的信息 , 特别是开发者之间的地图分享 , 这是有用的 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某种方式中加入你的网站 , 即使它只是在头图像或像中心颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另一个现实是 , 如果美国不能扩大出口 , 压力将会增长进口 , 代替进口 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全性 , 不要触摸产品、测试电缆或其他设备 , 在测试下 , 都适用于电路 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	大部分bufffet的智慧干涉:当你不知道什么 , 不要做什么 , 不要做什么 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲不让自己太伤害 , 白人带着罗杰的药物问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	试验是不断提高生产力 , 提高工作方式 , 提高工作方式 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们当然欢迎各种客户的需求 , 保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一份报告说: " 托尼是非常好的和友好的 , 医院的拘留是预防他的条件 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 伦敦只有几十名武装骑士 , 但到1990年代 , 大约有百多次 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们还显示了我在世界战争结束的一幅穆斯曼斯克的图片 , 这是一个航空照片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在一组志愿者在早晨训练的志愿者 , 晚上没有睡眠 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国朋友们对他们的努力阻止青少年的努力 , 特别关注他们的努力 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布web内容的分布版本并保持您的原始源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克、卡塔里纳和华尔街崩溃是雷根时代的三名钉子 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	第一次拍摄和第一次拍摄的笑话 , 热情是在第一次听到的 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	重新从那个肮脏堆底部恢复出来 , 它能看到光 , 还有好的状态 , 是这样的救济 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我的父亲是我母亲离开我的姐妹 , 前面是正确的卫生 , 我的兄弟离开了 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	这是很好的回顾 , 看看我们一起做什么 , 知道我们是一个不等的故事的一部分 , 并且正在忘了 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着自己的愤怒 , 奥巴万飞行速度在最大速度上升到多克乌的村庄 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容 , 可以实现国家规范 , 这是我们的请求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨已经组成了一家国际联盟政府 , 并宣称新选举将在未来几个月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	温暖的记忆往往往往是 , 70周年的莱宁拉德的大小可能似乎不明显 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	如果你上面有三个 , 那么祝贺你 , 你已经成为一个行的女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	双哥 , 杜格一火烧了你在一个不可见的位置 , 很快就会加入水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	罗克fall , 一个小型社区20英里的哈特福德南部 , 是中场的一部分 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将再次是一个星期五 , 但这将是九点钟 , 他会在这里 , 所以我认为这是很多有趣的 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们并不确定 " 普通木粒 " 完成 , 然而这是纯粹主观的 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反应是否可以申请过去事件和行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢慢下去 , 想看你的注意力 , 你会同意在浏览web时回答电子邮件 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数抗议者都说是在首都、mbane , 并且不能得到曼西 , 45分钟的驱动 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上 , 晚上被花在剧院 , 这个球告诉了一个水电坝的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢使用这个策略 , 比如杂货店、咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	随着一小山告诉记者 , 每天早晨5点 , 第一件事是帮助母亲理解厕所 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 在内部国家有着强烈的存在 , 工作肩膀与当地卫生官员有关 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	uh:这部电影的猫甚至显示了我们的立法人在电视上战斗 。 谢什 !
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	这些cnv的数量有很多变化 , 人们在基因中拥有了几百万人 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	" 一个低廉的生活成本和大型的德克萨马 , 巴克尔确保在这个城市找到爱 ! " 租金说 。
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	力量观点相信开放性是资源集成者最重要的质量 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	粉末形式中有趣的喷雾 , 应该在冰箱里存储 , 防止暴露光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	采用风吹煤装置和煤颗粒筛选设备提供了半层燃烧器 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fgets , fread、fscanf和flose函数也返回错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳态成像部分 , 一个稳态的视觉信息处理部分和电机驱动部分 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流感分析在指导代谢工程中具有重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 在过去计算中 , 在过去的计算中 , 需要了一种消防器 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	显示了该数据库中的所有列表的列表 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地球物理学家都知道 , 地球物理学方法广泛应用于地球物理学 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约纽约新闻报道 , 周二股市早期收益 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了建立国有股权与联合股份公司的工作计划 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:在刺激70hhsa后 , 组织猪4例成功地克服了淋巴细胞 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种可倾斜的前部分的牵引修复床 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	其他全身的皮肤皮革 , 没有头发 , 单位面积不超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一条跑道河 , 我们等着彼得 。 q3721 。 两边都有一条路 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈学习提供特殊的推广 , 允许新闻课程在10美元下采取课程 。 有时候可以免费 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评价厚螺旋肌肤移植的感觉恢复 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前 , 矿业企业的有效税率低于非矿业企业 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数社会昆虫中 , 比如废料、蜂蜜和蚂蚁、女性规则 。 女性是工人 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	采用模拟和实验 , 研究了低压系统短路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	在插入到表之后 , 数据库返回了id列的id值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义都有自己独特的创造思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	结果表明 , 夏季和冬季应用的方法 , 能量消耗是降低的 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论r.flavictus检测不耐药性 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	孟年老人开始查询一个关键问题 , " 他是否做到了很多并且很大程度上 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆 " 智慧 " :温格曼...让我介绍给朋友:优秀的原始 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	北部位置 , 台山顶部是一座温度的大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在例外的环境中 , 可以允许客户重新调用或修改相关指令秩序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常环境 , 宏观之间 , 极其薄弱的组织保护 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	拥有各种设计风格的专业设计师 , 在建筑团队中经验丰富的经验 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 当你在飞行上创建功能的真正优势 , 没有变量参考 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	寻找人们、老朋友和相对自由搜索工具 , 包括41页 " 白色 " 页面 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这种设计 , 双臂风格的变化 , 就像轻松的一样 , 在法国短暂 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 下周你应该做105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	嗯 , 宇宙的概念 , 是古代人民中广泛的概念之一 , 你可能是熟悉的 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	普通铅矿生产的分离过程可以离开 , 产品具有高产量和质量化的质量 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论 , 提高脑电瘤ct诊断精度的关键是定位肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成完成 , 几乎所有这些人都在处理并在修改下 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法来解决非线性测量功能 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	在印度 , 是建立大型煤炭基于气候污染物的公司 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你已经覆盖了所有的指导 , 并且在meller的方法上看我最后一次提到了它 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农民计划了他从市场上买的种子 , 秋天来了 , 没有收获 , 因为种子是面临的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	公司总体收益率为36.3% , 来自今年季度的34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	186年肝移植患者接受irolimus , 4种开发的肺炎是属于药物的 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	" 父母意味着帮助孩子适应失望 , " achenbach说 。
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外部事件从贷款通信过程的监测模型发送了这个介质值 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天比韩国的日本规则要比韩国 , 它的罪人意味着 , 更多的部落差异 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的记忆仪式在圣诞时期、地方、提供、提供等方面都不同 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至还报道 , 烟雾吸烟可能不仅是吸烟者 , 而且也是非吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结山安教授在胸部梗阻的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	没有检测材料 , 可用于阻抗特殊雷达吸收物的使用 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了利用太阳能热单元的铝合金支持电泳涂料过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效果和其他温暖的饮料 , 比如茶或可可口 , 可以使你的精神提升 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨异常j波的临床和电图特征 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:探讨微生物的萌发特点 , 通过解决它们的宿主种子 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多阶垂直切割机的应用范围 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆形容器具有广泛的口径 , 易填充和方便的访问内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	千年和中央范围的快速气候变化是分裂研究中最重要的方面 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	它是公安机构的常见问题 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国结束了一座远西北地区的四分块 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这一问题 , 我们已经通过单一hssc进行一系列的组织重建研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	随着眼睛健康公司 , 巴斯&mb对世界消费者进行完美的视觉和提高生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助医疗企业解决问题 , 人类健康的追求是我们的理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后 , 提出了一种基于街头骨骼线和建筑骨骼线的新方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	另一端是苏明 , 来自北京大学农民和研究 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大公司已经开始在最好的美国和欧洲设施中雇用西方人 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到我们自己的世界的真理 , 确认佛教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为了实现控制算法 , 本文使用plc , 并设计了pd控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	17年1月17日 , 几天 , 伊德·阿拉哈的宗教节日被宣布 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	您可以在我们的网站上提交自己的想法或评论 , 或者你可以发送一封信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个人增长更舒适 , 你会看到更多的头盖 , 因此更多暴露的脖子 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	其他春天派对享受了支持的记录 , 因为选民对他们的传统政权的支持 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论碳单氧化毒复杂并发性高纯率和低畸形率 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一名球员 , 丹佛教练乔治·卡尔被纳入了 , 他在球队上经过了一场奇妙的仪式 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼被装载在omega3和蛋白中 , 但它们还包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个祖先中获得的骄傲 , 或者对那些人来说 , 就会对我来说 , 就不会对我感到愤怒 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了在清单1中显示的xslt任务中生成的检查风格报告的例子 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	新泽西的一个社区 , 一个新的布鲁斯威克郊区 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	本方法可结合单评价方法的局限性 , 满足精确评价的需求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升、温暖空气形成明显的云 , 在卫星和模型图像中可见 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	一个游戏差异在于一个瓶子里 , 它是一个专门的小型复制 , 帮助您执行专注的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	在muttrah附近有一个魅力的中海风格的中海风格 , 现在主要使用了粗糙的狮子 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持此 , 命令vmdeloypypymgr.sh的三个选项是vdm的主要应用 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券都是标记的 , 但这个新加坡仍然允许证券在历史成本上运行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想让国家公共服务员的财产透明 , 我们应该建立和消费系统 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbs论坛作为他们的工具获得消息和沟通 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子花了巨大的好意 , 直到她的声音增长 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你正在葬礼前面的时候 , 周期不像在刹车上骑着一样 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	布朗xzo是不可思议的 , 幻想 , 非常好的地方 , 用那么多的看到和做 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是 , 为什么要做交叉技术混合ui组件 ? 路恩解释了一些用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在本背景下 , 基于jw1h医院信息系统 , 我们设计并开发了军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	同时也加强了发展中国家的能力 , 为自己的利益而管理森林信息基础 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小尺寸的化学运行和污染 , 在哥罗拉多州的铜矿中显示出灾害 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	星期四 , 另外41名乘客在上海的乘客到达了上海墨西哥 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果需要准确的tc是在一个移动级别中 , 必须采取最多的区域效应 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	高楼煤焦氧涂料为合金服务的保护和混凝土保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	" 民法制度的文化 , 开始从自由资本主义到垄断资本主义的过渡 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	所有这些位置或风格都在工作的优秀用户 , 可以找到不会破坏或错误的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	考察了肝重、体重、tg、hdlc、ldlc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已经达到世界标准 , " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	耶稣问他们 , 「 圣浴上有法律:做好或做恶魔 , 拯救生命或杀死吗 ?
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一个19岁的工人名叫马湘家的身体被发现在他的高层门前4:30岁 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	您还可以回忆到 , 媒体被称为 " 附近的麦戈先生 " 和 " 哈勃 " 的麻烦 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但在他在爱丁堡大学后 , 他在自然史上证明了更有趣的医学历史 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	问 。 我的青少年参与了如此多的活动:学校、小孩坐落、教会、体育 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	另外一个人说:这里有人会离开另一个维度的选举 , 这可能是特征或是什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	洛斯说 , 研究显示 , 重量、身体脂肪和疾病之间的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户保持他们的网站朋友的列表 , 并且看看到其他朋友添加了谁 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家们谈论工资平等 , 但我父亲在他的公司中做出了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 中国三寸黄金莲和西角落也有如此美丽的时尚 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果在意大利销售iphoneiphone 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 这个概念是阻止你的裤子 , 你不能得到的东西 , 或是你从家中错过 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维多·弗莱奇的基本前提是管理其他人民币的费用 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的冲击实验中 , 得到直接冲刷技术能满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	有1500w的墙型空调 , 每两个客房都可以调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	针对眼睛和覆盖线的捕获图像 , 通过给出一个内在的想法 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 ; 请不要期待我床的完美 , 画一张照片 , 或者扔一个球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	近五年来 , 慢性发现 , 他们的媒体增加 , 调整通货膨胀 , 是19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法采用改性特拉比利萨检测2780细胞的分子酶活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做很多选择 , 但是如果你想要做什么 , 咨询ocap的rijectwki页面 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一名新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我将最好的合作 , 很快就会很快 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	艾莉·狄金森与她的姐妹拉维尼亚住在一个叫做家庭的大楼里 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我住了整个晚上 , 等着一个硬盘 , 把蚊子从那里走到她那里 , 就像一个卫生一样 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始思考这些问题 , 在你在冥想中所做的情况下 , 他们甚至更稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而 , 我们看到政府官员属于最为犯罪和 " 法律 " 专业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书 。 我们出来的时候 ! 你必须给你们带来卡路设备 , 已经从城市提取了它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们已经在一系列港口中建立 , 每个独特的目标 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇见了她的未来丈夫陈娜尔 , 他是中国主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了移动、函数、前面的目标外 , 它需要男性 , 除了没有动作的目标外 , 外 , 除了前面的男性 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这实际上 , 我认为从希腊语中产生的话 , " synkop " , synkop , synkop 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的效果是城市收入的进一步 , 作为这种税收继续缩的财产价值基础 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在 , m1可能是莫托普最好的汽车 , 雅马哈有很大的骑手 , 所以看起来像他们不需要我一样 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的快乐 , 他带来了我的生活 , 因为每一个梦都是真的 , 因为我在他中找到的所有爱 , 我永远感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑蚁的工作经验 , 合作&w设计特殊和完美的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑了大机械远程测试的相同特点 , 该系统可以用于其他大机械测试过程 , 并找到了扩展应用 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最受欢迎的方案之一是它的28 , 000个收入来自gourmet和bon访问 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	全球经济增长迅速 , 它从19年前的26个国家的26个国家 , 报道了4月的数据 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统主义者将其手带到 " 价值 " 和 " 展望 " 的 " 变量 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	你的细胞使转移rna , 如果他们在这里做一个转移rna分子 , 他们只能在另一端放置柠檬素 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水饱和赤字、自由水、边界水和细胞盐浓度都与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	这两个主要攻击 , 拉霍尔和其他队列 , 杀死了100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	它似乎没有明显的法律 , 花色与总黄酮含量之间的差异 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	1996年 , 年度的报告是由大气地面创建的 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家很容易 , 穿着沙拉 , 心脏 , " 波普斯 , " 歌唱它的歌 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 我今晚不会喝酒 , 因为我是设计的司机 , 只要给我的玻璃给我设计的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 提出了一种类似多硅烷的研究难点 , 并提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	本文介绍了 " 301船 " 的全尺度测试结果 , 或者没有流动坦克和海洋 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 中国有其他火山地点 , 比如mtetna和火山 , 这可能适合研究者的模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	潘多立即送出最好的萨普郡、橡胶和钻石 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会和压力下降 , 并且允许自己像电影和舞蹈一样的一些重新活动 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友圈中 , 工作选择是最可能从政府中提高他们的投票 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人已经达到共识 , 坚持联合开发总体方向 , 加快咨询 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是阿森·罗布伦和乔·科尔的坏消息 , 我很努力看看他们在团队获得正常的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在一家家住宅设施安全 , 水 , 享受舒适的水 , 下午4点钟 , 因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 吴明希的文学研究在一梦中对理想世界的纯粹性研究 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除单点失效 , 或使得两个规划和不完成的下滑 , 通过消除单点失败 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能持续恢复 , 左臂仍然保持固定 , 左手腕的脚趾开始 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨高氧诱导慢性肺疾病的血管蛋白i型受体表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册查看表的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	买方和卖方签订合同的任何建议应当被买方签名 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	高速计算中心为学生和教育提供了高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	在获得了许可科学程度后 , 我在1960年10月进入了韦斯森的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	美国政府公开的目录是一个可搜索的联邦公众的数据库 , 链接到网上 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	2006年至2010年间 , 美国p照片并没有向任何中国基于中国的五家公司提供专利 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管预计 , 赵伟也强调了表演工作 , 但不意味着 , 赵伟也不能承认其余的工作 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈伊克和罗宾应该强调关于私人水果的关键主义 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是关注最大的基因和运动的重要影响 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由于它的大小约束 , 病毒使用过度的阅读框架来生成蛋白的完整补充 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二维是 , 您需要更多的财政刺激 , 在这个国家中 , 可以强化它的国家 , 这就是前面的 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁 , 用柠檬汁洗脸 , 还可以在黑头上拿出来 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:改善三阳和三阴的综合分化 , 探讨可行性疾病的经典 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	不要室内选项排除一些可燃和爆炸物质 , 室内绝对不能避免火灾 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	自动定位所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 扩展能力 , 监测和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内外 , 我们的客户包括宝钢、手钢、任何天钢、江钢集团以及其他大铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘书服务估计 , 每年有1亿美元的反馈费用都是印刷的 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	老师的专业道德:历史和实践两个方面产生了太新时期的思想 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文应用自组织竞争神经网络 , 应用于异步电机的参数识别 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立hplc方法 , 建立一种同时评价复方氧化合物和ketifennas喷雾的方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防御建立的可能 , 中国已经破坏了f17的秘密 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近一项调查 , 大约78.9%的大学生希望进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼经常被描述为人类邪恶的痛苦 , 是穆塔罗的一半办法 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	采用光敏聚合物 , 实现了高温比 , 利用光敏聚合物 , 得到了高温比 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生财务状况特别坏 , 半人说他们有很多学生的债务 , 他们不能拯救 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	查丽的天使 , 爱船 , 王朝 , 永远希望90210和梅罗斯地方 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	hiv/aid的联合项目已经建立了一个委员会 , 研究亚洲和太平洋发展的疾病和影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	作为罗斯堡笔记 , 黑写作的批评往往往往是黑历史的前提 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	您应该提醒 , 除非你给予正确和完整信息 , 您将会议的任何相关事件 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的焊接工程师 , 托马斯·斯坦克尔 , 本周第一次机器上飞行了1分钟的30秒 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	在我的阴影知识方面 , 缺乏实际经验 , 希望读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	在这时候 , 对于我来说 , 地球的心是这个无眠的春夜 , 希望早晨在火星冥想中早晨 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 微粒不应该被那么严重的处理 , " 一位绝望的父母说道: " 这是对我们的怀疑 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了从影片的动画特征 , 展示了一种动画学的手段展览 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰一起加入火焰的三分之一 , 还有火焰分离出来的火焰 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	夜晚 , 安静地进入西方 , 忽视地球的潜水 , 还有多少影像在边缘的想象中 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她把她的银牌放在她右边的右边 , 马的第一部分就是从危险中逃离 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于第二次记录的发生 , 转换辊表可以产生比较完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx之间的数据源记录和数据源数据成员之间的数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	协调氮供应和氮要求的平衡 , 使水稻产量稳定 , 高 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 每个名字都带领了子女的蜜蜂 , 然后看看网上几乎没有蜂蜜的数字 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开营地 , 再建一条路 , 还是一座漂亮的桥梁 , 吉尔伯特等着他回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	结果表明 , 采用多样性热处理方法是实现相关转子遗传位置的一种新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷和吸引性颜色可以更新药品的包装 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自然之后 , 父亲在六月第三天 , 他们的家庭在全国第三个星期天都被认识到 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么我们很多人都把自己放在一天微波饭前面 , 为什么很多人会很方便吗 ? 因为它很方便吗 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是用简单的框架结构 , 许多通道可以交换一个json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	司机和紧急车辆的驾驶员 , 不能放弃他们的邮件 , 死在哪里他们停止给援助和援助 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	卡文·鲁德昨晚与澳大利亚选民的选民们走向前进 , 忘记了澳大利亚的新未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了黄铁矿石油化反应机制及反应产品利用情况 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看起来很密切 , 我们的野花就像我们在花园里培养的东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这幅著名的画是澳洲2008年发现的千上万 , 是在澳大利亚文档岩艺术 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	寿命短...永远享受生活 , 享受美好的东西 , 包括这小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	为了有效的支付红酒 , 红酒 , 正式网站 , 酒 , 花钱汤 , 花钱汤 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 绍兴鸭的年龄和饮食cp水平明显影响了cp的增殖率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城市的新收藏显示了许多文件夹具 , 但也有实际的事情 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音频、光、音乐和技术展览会每年五月举行 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 可以推导出 , 在薄膜增长过程中 , 用薄膜厚度提高 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与对照组相比 , 颈动脉和颈动脉的imt显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	本文总结了vsam文件的结构、数据空间、目录、数据保护等功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法358例稳定粘膜患者的病人治疗10 ~ 308例nm精神激光 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	最后一部分 , 提出了2nd生成农民 " 公民化 " 的相关建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些喜欢的机构服务享受了短距离、低成本、管理或监督的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡水库区岩体物理性能和力学性能进行了评估 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署在最小磁盘或ram要求的机器 , 那么它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法将患者分为不同组 , 然后所有患者都下面的肾色素多普勒能量成像检查 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃毫无情绪 , 轻微的笑容 , 总是把那晚与刘安徽性场景的醉酒 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 在妊娠期间 , 除了有效的抗抑郁药物 , 在妊娠期包含60%或更多的复发风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果动物研究中 , 肺动物可以抑制稳定性葡萄糖、巴克里斯和巴克里斯 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当建筑物时 , 它们通常很差 , 或是不幸存雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转折点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示出不控制移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	同时提出了一种基于cpld的基于cpld控制器 , 同时也提出了两个amplude的共振dclink逆转器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一个犯罪抱怨穆萨亚 , 在她的时候 , 就业银行员工的时候 , 由于她的大量资金 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他民事服务人员通常参与 , 每年不到12天的积累训练 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化剂活化碳脱硫装置 , 用于净化污水泵站 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonams地理数据库可以在创造性共同属性许可下载免费的下载自由 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯托也被称为黄金买的历史 , 几个不同的传说开始和意义相关 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种低压仪器的微粒优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	那不听起来 , 最后 , 我告诉我我我我受到了ptsd的影响 , 后面的应力障碍 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺庙里 , 他发现男子卖猫 , 羊羊和狗 , 其他人坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	vbelt等效系数表明 , vbelt的承载能力高于平面带 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子通常在同一晚上都有夜恐怖 , 一般是在第一小时之后 , 在睡眠下的第一小时 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算每年每年生命的增加成本 , 计算了各种敏捷的个人和高风险个人 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可能会使用基于gui的管理工具 , 以确定一个特定环境的容器 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可证是一种保护草药 , 许可证人正在期待phlegm和逮捕咳嗽 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo顾问流程外包服务提供了部分或整体的各种服务 , 在招聘期间 , 为客户提供各种服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去五十年或一百年来 , 转移民族主义是文学知识者之一的普遍现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	采用催化剂 , 合成了黄油醛和甘油醇 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文研究了自动接口、时间接口自动、资源接口和游戏基于游戏的思想 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	例如9/1恐怖分子攻击 , 还会变成儿童记忆中搜索 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 自我研究的初步研究是多维学术和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏人会在实现教学对象和教学任务方面扮演重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这几年来 , 由自由民主党的改革 , 重建日本长期经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	世界上先进的液氮卡车已在石油生产中应用 , 并且在1994年进口了良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我喜欢婴儿、收集死亡事物的陌生添加特征 , 并且在布莱克 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯沃顿表示 , 成员们正在开发可持续食品生产的领导作用 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	罗弗再次拯救埃瓦桑 , 周围医生和他的巨大的形式下降 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在 , 让我们还检索我们的网格工作的部分是我们自己的 , 只有能量 , 才能重新在那里 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于那些曾经坚持烹饪和苏达的人来说 , 一个全谷的道路 , 偶尔的蔬菜生活开始 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgfgfa晶体增长过程中的 " 接口效应 " 和多晶体的发生 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留他们的电话号码 , 包括区域代码 , 当他们从国家移动时 , 所以很难知道他们是哪里的 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法选用11例手术期的手术手段 , 采用手术治疗肝动力监测 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本文的目的是 , 尽管在本论文建立的研究模式仍然不足 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	业务首先 , 高兴后 , 王理查德说 , 当他站在塔旁边的时候 , 他吸烟了宝宝 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	多孔硅和制备技术已广泛应用于微风机的领域 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	它看起来像是否安全装置在这场竞选中 , 没有什么东西都会保护他们在利物浦的失败 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像来自墨西哥 , 美国宇航员发现了最初的轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我的前老师告诉我 , 作为一个英国大师 , 我应该读大巴巴拉 , 一个主要的球员是g.b.haw 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘的工作显示出现代化中华人民的现实意义 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三个财富 , 他将他的回到天堂 , 当他在珍珠的门外 , 他决定检查他的元素 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸切片 , 嘴唇 , 胸 , 腿 , 腿 , 感觉他们的伴侣沿着他们的手 , 大腿 , 或胃 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	采用区域气候模型研究了我国土地利用和土地覆盖变化的区域气候反应 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	通过筛选蛋白的生物功能 , 其中选择蛋白p是一种特殊的iso 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , chci3和ccl4浓度高于源水 , 特别是ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	此外 , 应该有几个大爆炸场景 , 可以提供行动和破坏时刻 , 所以这可能是有趣的和钻井 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在达到山顶 , 将在公共汽车的右侧 , 面临着一个不可信的障碍 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我希望自己的员工公平 , " 玛丽·埃伦·埃利亚解释道 , 希拉伯的超级人士 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍相关或非相关设施如标准位置、观测座位、摄像机位置等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	科学通讯者已经被世界范围内开发战略 , 涉及科学进步的决策 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦克带领了72%的人们报告说他们正在进步 , 而美国在12月12日 , 占59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨了这些考虑并讨论了空气或冷却系统如何帮助您优化您的mig或tg焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	它们之间存在一些不同 , 温度很多 , 但它们在一起开发文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖于1963年开始视觉效果分类 , 虽然它被称为 " 特殊效果 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	联合国海洋理查德 " 马克 " 机器在全球最终的武器搜索中 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸 , 看起来似他等着电话 , 然后给我一个地址 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	交易重损害到9秒以上的目标 , 大大降低了他们的arar , 只有从侧或后方的用途 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的马拉里亚控制部门 , 与国际研究团队一直监测了该干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部署 , 其自我管理、自我健康能力最小化人类干预需要 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pd港已经提交了计划开发102亿美元的进口中心 , 为了使用大型英国零售商使用 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 潮湿 , 无点 , 无点 , 寒冷 , 蓝色神经节 , 舞蹈大三角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地失望法使农民进步更容易购买大型公共领域的土地 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在回答一个模式中 , 您可以设置一个预定义的数字 , 并在哪个手机应该自动解码之后选择环数量 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	近20万名员工在全球800多个地方提供技术、系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	第二次你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能在你的身体生涯之前出现的地方 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析师说 , 短期来说 , 中国将会将其工业融入公司 , 同时 , 时间战争和越南 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果一个rac节点停止工作 , oracle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到oracleracleup , 恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在通知主义过去 , 发展中国家倾向于被视为一个缺乏现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdgpet延迟图像的诊断 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	本文分析了夏季马洛污染现状的特点 , 提出了相应的管理措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:用药物酸和柏林水解法测定复合物的复合方法 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	李丽丽丽以为四川人民国会的尊重 , 由于担心英国的怀疑 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	此言之后 , 随着政治顾问早期提出的话 , 呼吁政府放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	白领的原因是 , 他们在职业中追求工作成绩的原因是他们在职业中获得工作成绩 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 这个地震发生了 , 我认为 , 那是卡马 ? 当你不错的事情发生在你身上 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当复制时 , 这个集体知识使软件模式和分类为反部件 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文总结了同化酶的磁聚合物微球的最新成果和应用 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象一样的粉尘柱点向热蓝星的标志 , 是他们的侵蚀效果的智能标志 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但非常老的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf的实现 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.ox地址 , 那么接受者的电话号码必须包含标签 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要的一种研究 , 为了使我们的最终决定 , 我们需要多长时间持续双板治疗 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论什么原因 , 我倾向认为他是一个低级的 " 内阁 " , 但他的出版历史相信这张图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉前等于国家体育团队的目标 , 这次他反对英格兰 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿的父母是很好的判断 , 让一个老儿子立刻帮助工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能量中心位于人神经系统的主要分支 , 位于西班牙的顶部 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	您必须相信你的目标 , 当决定一个特定的业务运动员来规则并指导你的团队 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	一个新的连接网站、临床和翻译科学网络的初始版本将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破坏是影响粗糙材料的湿化变形的重要因素 ; 研究必要 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了三维扫描仪的工作原理 , 并介绍了atos光学扫描仪的系统工作原理 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织已发送检验员 , 调查结果并未被宣布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名签名权有个人权利的属性 , 涉及地位权利 , 财产权利和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文主要研究了其物理、化学、生物性能和免疫化学检测方法 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	一般宏观描述了武器作为 " 太平洋胜利最强的因素之一 " 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	然而 , 小组结论 , 这些异常被破坏后的冲击造成了冲击 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	同样 , 应该是坟墓 , 不要双重的 , 不要给许多葡萄酒 , 不要贪婪过滤的午餐 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva179的两种大小混合物 , 分析了解决系统的稳定性 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	提供了一种多效蒸发器的中央汁 , 将第二部分水分离成集中 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	在1974年夏天 , 福建省古代苏州湾的古水果被挖掘在泉州湾 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	要说 , 旅行是奢侈的 , 没有必要的化石燃料生成是一个过度简化的 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是在垂直位置.149.9 , 但我认为我测量的不确定性可能是1毫米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文对农业研究机构内部会计控制现状进行了分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃显示了日常环境中的化学不会反应 , 因此它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	总合成的第一步合成了七步 , 总产量超过14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果在大学的注册也在做课程 , 他或她可能会扮演学生和注册的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	第四步综合模型的迁移结果表明 , 该方法在成像精度高 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农产品的独特供应 , 并通过多渠道增加农民收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解细菌培养、细菌类型和药敏感性 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	分析了整体结构的主要因素 , 使整体结构简化 , 重点启动和视觉化 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其他原油或合成剂的时候 , 某些必要油的同步主义 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏元素可以改善后者 , 使你更容易跟踪 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	这个例子给出了图形的 , 信心水平和不确定限度 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	矿井矿管变形特征在轧井区的应力和墙厚度增加 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 民营部门的历史尚未包括历史书的官方历史 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	21世纪是印度社会 , 印度安全是我国安全战略的一部分 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨粉颗粒尺寸和陶瓷质量对晶粒尺寸的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种固醇耐药率相似 , 药物耐药率为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了稳定破坏导弹的目标技术、目标特征和检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频彩色超声对儿童肺动脉的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三条规则在数控复杂的组成过程和仿真过程中进行了数值控制复杂的规则 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨双维离子阵列在加速器质量保证中的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育生态学是教育环境中的一个研究模式或方法 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已成为一个常见的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们不愿意与一个生命的性感传播疾病或贫穷的卫生人一起约会 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	通过基于p波粒子振动的协调旋转 , 实现了不同深度的源组件 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热爸是数字化的 , 通常是灵活的 , 而不要从电源来源出发 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 庄子 " 是张州作品时期的战争状态 , 这是道主义的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他化合物或治疗浓度没有明显的吸引力或反复女性成年的活动 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	显然 , 这个科学家称之为照片公司 , 订购了 " 缺陷 " 电影的替代 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来的10天 , 我将在chq上做过多次 , 因为大量客户订单 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他将要求国会提高巴基斯坦的援助 , 但他希望巴基斯坦能够提高安全的援助 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期使用mmms , 我可能永远不会有另一个冷、铜器、流感或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	也许 , 当他们攻击青少年时 , 可能会有一些背景 , 但是至少他们大多数人都会有他们的生活来评估这些信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse让您自动生成h代码和等于类的方法 , 这样你不需要做它 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	建筑师确定用例可以通过预先应用程序或服务实现的情况来实现 , 这些情况需要建立或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们应该认识到 , 在我们的语言精神上升到我所认识的 " 无论是理解 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	由于微流比长期运行过程更好 , 使用一个微流用于您的代理过程实现 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 这种状况不会被其熟悉的角色作为一个严格适应奥运耳朵的组成部分 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月11日 , 金正在查江省新建的康吉农场 。 照片发布 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	新研究报告说 , 红色猴子将是最威胁的原因之一 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	在你的游戏中 , 激励参与是选择你们的东西 , 玩完全和享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你们的日期 , 如果他们有好的时间 , 那么你不应该问你在采访结束的结束 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	美国零售主要的沃尔玛已经从2008年开始 , 全球各地的深度冻结者都会在美国和世界范围内出现 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者指出 , 随机控制试验需要确认该观测的发现 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你不知道比我所做的不多 , 因为我读了同一本书 , 听到同样的故事 , 我从来没有看到过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p球员几乎所有这些银行都做的事情 , 评估浏览器、编写和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售房子的情况下 , 销售房子需要线性运动从建筑的一端到另一个设备移动人们 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	茶经历了唐代的原始 , 中国西南沿着长江数千年的长江 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室长一天之后 , 您可能会在你新平台屏幕电视前面被列入家里和崩溃 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	在印度 , 8.6%的女孩年龄在15岁至19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在尼泊尔 , 这个数字高达10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事检查凯特的生命是一名摄影师和访问者 , 以及成为一名党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都能让你微笑 , 很多人都能哭泣 , 但是它会让你感到很特别的是 , 眼睛里有泪 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海军和狗手工迈克尔在采访中说: " 只要狗是手工 , 他爱的生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	当他在迪斯尼时 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑白色短裤 , 大约是一个男孩 , 他的死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一名专家认为 , 多年来 , 美国已经在技术上投入了更多自动化的技术 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	那些担心失去工作的人 , 让他们从饮料更少 , 减少风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	男子补充说: " 在我们的运动上 , 一个大型混凝土建筑 。
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	嗨弗兰克如果u必须发布一个单一的ttttttttf , 就会使用 , u希望能做一件尘埃电视吗 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	然而 , 当学生的时候 , 他们的跑步速度下降 , 新华22岁 , 跳着23rd 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速和准确预测了最小实验和成本的自我寿命的新方法 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	还检查你的手机或pda-你永远不会错过你在你的口袋里或追求的时候 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏克汉纳说 , 在1月份 , 是世界范围内最大的交通源泉 。
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们希望4.000个朋友只能从希腊到我们的账户 , 他们主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	那些相信透明度的那些人都相信 , 或者应该是正常的 , 可能最初会有很大的困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	您可以使用这个技术 , 当您需要分开一个输入阵列 , 将基于输入数据的标准分为两个或更小的阵列 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼工业平均上涨178.08点 , 或1.53% , 11836.04 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	这是一个步骤 , 程序上来自大型模型 , 它至少需要一些产品要求的概念 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	高质量蒸汽面包加入大豆粉或饮食纤维的适当量 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	化学家jeanbaptiste杜马斯 , 法国农业部长在停止流行病 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李斯科特 , 沃尔玛的老板 , 世界上最大的零售商 , 据说 , 要看看看他在提高供应链的大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	以色列继续在加沙准备地面部队 , 以色列仍然继续为可能的地面防御 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	旅游者走到海滩 , 他们去拉姆岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫巴拉 , 他们坐着喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	西西斯是一名追求者 , 种植一个爱心、保护自信和生产许多年轻的小组 , 可以做好好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是理由的云 , 没有疑问 , 但是 , 一个人必须认识到原因的云 , 然后把一个人带到他 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更多的格局是冷轧后的织物 , 质量改善 , 作为新客户的良好和用户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	使用图片 , 随着精子空间望远镜拍摄 , 科学家们首先从更近明星和星系中删除了光线 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设置自己的目标 , 她会学会在自己中获得骄傲 , 并且依赖其他人批准或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥斯岛在沙滩和供应堆积的潜在重要性 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这鸟的其他名字是柏勒斯帝国的鸽子 , 欢迎绿色的帝国鸽子和绿色帝国鸽子 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持清洁 , 清洁 , 伪装印象 , 但肯定关注了特定客户的利益 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	经济理论的主要部分 , 如股市流动或谷歌国家产品等大规模现象 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活让自己从活动中突破 , 压力你是一个很好的放松工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	最后我们已经看到过的完全弹性碰撞 , 我们失去了动能 , 这是转化为热 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	同样 , 吉普斯可能会在绿色带上购买一部分土地 , 并没有知识管理系统的知识 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们称为 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它是基于拉丁、古罗马帝国语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果是允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 而且在民主零售额为12.9美元 , 并在此下 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他表示 , 喜欢他们不想被摄影的品牌是那些秘密地避免注意力的故事 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于预防多频测试技术的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这创建了一个匹配标签 , 在设计蜡烛和自动绑定到节点的场景 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	血清、肌肉和肝胰腺的活动仍然稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	但他是一名勇敢的战士 , 当他上升的时候 , 妈妈妈妈妈妈的时候 , 他的肩膀正在平静 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔吉um发出了四个f16jet和150名军事人员帮助利比亚诺弗区 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色的黑鸟在战后 , 农民在他们的领域 , 准备另一个季节 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	状态不能确定这样的活动 , 虽然不会对整个人口造成伤害 , 尽管它永久尝试 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	时尚世界的一个品牌是米罗 , 它的服装和鞋子的设计是巴塞罗那的 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但几天后 , 专家在我一直在尝试一个记忆 , 使我失去安静的记忆 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 关于文本的研究一直是为了扩大努力的一个奖励 , 因为我们希望它将是其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	本文关注了两个方面:关闭一套e2的凸轮壳的必要条件和充分条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在这部电影中 , 他总是穿着面包的肌肉 , 更贫穷的男人衣服 , 经常会带着一条糖果 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国毫无疑问在坦克林 , 坐在一百万vietnamese之后 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	结果 , 您得到了两个平行连接器 , 每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 然后一个回路 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准化衣服的时候 , 就像莱夫科斯先生这样的男人 , 最终的比例都会出现错误 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年各样的路径 , 通过山、小镇以及巴黎街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你已经在15年的景观设计和城市设计实践过程中实践 , 你在职业生涯中有什么破坏 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	来自雅拉山谷的一个优雅的chardonnay与美丽的柑橘、新鲜的杏仁香味 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子站在他开口的时候 , 把他放在一分钟里 , 然后盖茨: " 你不能得到我的电子邮件 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南表示 , 三个飞机在凤凰喷射的飞行前再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话解决是如此有效的基础工具 , 大多数社会运动组织都使用一个或两个 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师长期知道 , 设计更小 , 轻型车辆是满足重点燃烧经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听着人们的参议员是25分之前的 , 但他希望我们在调查中跑得像我们背后的路一样 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨佛兰补充道: " 他们知道他的脸 , 甚至十天后 , 呆在太阳里 , 他的脸不改变了 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过对数学推导 , 详细阐述了水平阿里昂和凤角之间的测量耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明她和丈夫分离了房间 , 自身有足够的事情 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	高度禁止非操作者或非维修人员应该进入模具的安全保护铁路 , 避免扫描 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 在一些发展中国家和日本相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本研究在烟草类型上建立的烟草指数模型的准确性为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:观察高血糖对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 文章还对实践中教育模式的学习内容和功能结构进行了抽象 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	详细介绍了基于地质化变量和变量的基础 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤联系 , 克罗顿石油会导致肌肤疏松和痛苦的皮肤灌溉 , 能持续三周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了两代并行运行系统的稳定性和活性功率分布的离时滑模控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	尽管更多的情况是 , 由于路由系统的特定报告 , 问题关注了延迟报告案例 。 所以 , 需要完善...
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	超过500多名救援机构在海地运营 , 天空充满了飞机发射供应的机构 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	聚合物光纤作为一种理想的传输介质 , 具有很大的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国与新世界的几个例子相结合 , 实际上发现了一个很大的新土地在半球南部地区 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	合金是一种新型的飞机建筑物 , 近期上升 , 它是其弹性低模块的著名 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 它 " 进口工具设置不提供 " 排放 " 和环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的前一年 , 大卫都被认为是因为 , 他们在吉利亚的杰拉德 , 发现了他们可能会有价值的男人 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实际需求相比 , 双边商务合作享受巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验的前提允许吸收、整合、精神化的经验 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干鱼 , 干燥 , 干燥 , 壳子 , 海卷 , 壳壳 , 干燥的海蛇 , 糖 , 其他 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	结合前面燃烧的方法 , 讨论了燃烧对内蒙古人口的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷化肥者在这种国家使用时 , 产量增加 , 但在农民和环境中 , 农民的成本高 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 用煮水溶解颗粒的溶解方法 , 比较淀粉剂的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	只有 , 建立了复合材料的动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督教离婚在上海的多媒体照片展览 , 展示了手袋的女性离婚线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , 约旦的hm国王阿卜杜拉i提交了一个策略 , 使约旦一个区域信息hordan 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定要使自己更加聪明 , 对于一个人喜欢不会被不能解决的问题 , 可以乐观 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是immel艺术思想中的一个重要类别 , 也是艺术的表达 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	正如你将爱的长海 , 确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦 , 并且不适合使用卢贝来工作彼此原因 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会扮演一个小的歌曲 , 让春天的歌曲 , 这个人会给每个家庭的一张图片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 队长贝勒 , 你不应该把我那么紧密 , 如果你做的话 , 另一个舞蹈 , 我的声誉将永远失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的中国历史上 , 黄帝的后裔被正确骄傲的出色冲突 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的颜色大小将适合一座寺庙或城市平方 , 是一个年轻的、慢慢慢的孩子 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千个岛屿湖地区景观指数的结果显示了植物社区的现状 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更多有机肥料不仅能提高土壤聚合结构和基本特性 , 而且对水土耦合的影响也有利 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这种独特的 , 很容易上升公式的叶子 , 柔软 , 平滑 , 易于管理新鲜 , 轻脆 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	佩德里托试图画他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的亲戚 , 所有人都觉得他在外面站着 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮机流参数的三维逆转设计方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	现在 , 它包含了高端的高端奖励 , 可能是bean先生对这些反qus商的笑话 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新训练开始运行时 , 只有一半小时 , 只要吃午餐 , 还有一个鼻子 !
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	溃疡化学技术建立了创新和我们成功的关键 , 继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , msc在任何时候都表达了bdnf的低水平 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	所有的框架都包括沙拉、塔加拉、蓝色的莲子和杰米斯 , 虚拟的框架是最甜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家国外投资公司 , 属于澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernateshard文档 , 该属性非常昂贵 , 应该在生产环境下转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	上升的罗马人群 , 成为城市的诺贝利亚人和公民发送的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:研究钛铸件表面反应层的组成、微硬度和微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	金属工具性能和兼容了我们的数据量 , 超过了我们的高级英国桌面工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评估:总结了3501指数之间的35指标 , 总结了3501指标 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多种尺寸或替代面部设计可以提供额外的选项 , 获得良好的适合和密封 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本的报道 , 城市员工中发现的城市员工之间的数字是说不包含人员的工作 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne并不存在现代英国 , 英国南海岸有一个小城镇 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同样 , 刺激经济 , 政府应该回到低利贷款 , 这是为了房子、汽车、大市场项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	在数据库访问的时候 , geronimo将重新生成错误 , 但是当数据库访问的时候 , 再生了错误 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝金萨尔 , 扮演一名护士 , 声明: " 在奥特利特的袭击之前 , 美国人知道没有什么事情但是缺陷 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	在分析cobweb网络算法的基础上 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了根长、根系、茎高、茎基直径、上下面生物量的基本原因 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信信相信 , 大多数人都在星期六发布的互联网上 , 呼吁他亲戚的释放 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟药例如zyban , 可以通过预言 , 帮助许多人不获得重量 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	确定了24个犹太国家的10个病例组总体12个敏捷研究 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发决定土地供应量 , 提高土地保护行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后 , 采用燃烧热法分别了不同晶体的不同晶体hfrl的稳定性 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医学顾问团队建设是医学生培训素质的重要课程 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	分析了多输入多输入多输入多输入细胞系统的功率平衡方法 , 并对ber性能进行了分析 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术提供了一种低级消息结构 , 它在集群同步中保持所有节点的节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常被感染者的大气传播 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列表了许多需要和选项结晶算法 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金山警告明华不要打破郑华和嘉华 , 他会分裂明华真正的身份 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他看起来很大程度上去寻求她的意识中所有的倾向点 , 所以要对她最危险的伤害造成冲突 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动化建模技术是研究交通流动态问题的一个简单有效的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以应用中国驾驶许可证 , 同样在下面的信息显示 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非稳定细胞的加工包括卵、鸡肉、小麦和乳汁制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化工业有限公司是一个成功的例子 , 在特殊有限公司合作的政府和商人合作的实例 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波导的海底液化是黄河三角洲潜艇物理学的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	本文介绍了脉冲共同控制系统的神经元自适应pd控制器的算法和学习规律 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	十五世纪的地方文学家教育他们的学生如何在特定的情绪或消息中沟通 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	房间温度测量的性能必须正确 , 如果他们在深度上使用的岩石 , 必须比1000毫米 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	陶瓷化合铜管在管模具优良的服务效果下 , 降低管坯生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他跑 , 没有人笑... " 燕敏感时刻转变了皮肤风格的面部声明 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	在第一四个叶子和烟后 , 出生于耳朵 , 出生于耳朵的出生 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	本文介绍了一种新型电力线圈的开发 , 介绍了在线监测系统在高电压线的高压电压控制系统的问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	本公司的零售空间将短暂发布 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	十五年12月15日 , 我达到了一份国会预算协议 , 最后一个主要的立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它与相关的建筑相关 , 比如代码可重用性 , 还限制了测试努力 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在她右手的网球赛道一样 , 咖啡60年代的衰退是由镜子转换的内在手 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如前赛季的那样 , 中场和攻击之间的真正链接似乎没有真正的联系 , 需要一个新的方形 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约书亚对上帝的帮助感兴趣 , 他知道以色列人必须在他们的新家乡生活很多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在由卡奥林·埃弗森取代了全球销售迈克菲的长期vp 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 我们给出了一个模型的例子 , 并分析了一定的影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	恒星和行星形成在尘埃和气体中 , 无法渗透 , 但这种红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但随着桑德曼先生的切割 , 一个印象的文档过程只有控制的出现 , 所以只有微弱风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生活经常被视为一个公平的婚姻 , 传奇的婚姻是这个概念的哈马克 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调查数学图书馆和混合编程 , 给出了6800的数学结果是满意的 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 艾滋病 " 四个自由和一项关注 " 天津全国艾滋病实施的政策 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 。 不要怀疑和抱怨 , 它给人们一个负面的印象 , 让人们认为你是 " 贪婪 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	让你总是想做的事情列表 , 但不能因为你正在提高你的孩子 , 也许是写作或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的华尔俱乐部预计在接下来2年签名迪戈·马拉纳亚签署正式宣布 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题是因为两个测试采取者可以结束不同的分数或两个不同的知识水平 , 可以结束相同的分数 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	当我们大多数人在听到一个大风暴的时候 , 大多数人都听到了一个大胆的摄影师 , 就像他能接近的那样 , 他的工作 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	今年8月31:59点我会完成这个客人邮件 , 我知道这是因为我不会丢失1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 由于化学的增长 , 由于我在394年的皇帝戏剧中被我废除 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	龙形象的分析可以使人们感到兴趣 , 因为龙是一种与传统中国文化相关的图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是古老的战斗 ; 好的版本邪恶 , 勇敢的浪漫 , 手工的版本 , 还不那么聪明 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适合于硫传输器的位置 , 通过平衡和加利尼亚的盾牌 , 找到了该地区 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	阳光亮亮 , 所以凯恩和老人沿着玉米的脚路走去 , 那里的是尘埃 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料和穿着一辆飞行车的车辆外 , 炸弹店需要把时间花到我的家里 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施是非存在的 , 战斗警方是成本的 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他在两分钟的间隔中听到了摩特拉壳的时候 , 跟战斗者一起在前面和前面听到的卡车 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次看到阿尔帕克诺在电影中看到的时候 , 我第一次在我的生活中 , 我认为我想成为另一个人 , " 他回忆道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由太平洋裂纹盆地组成的大型超级盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有很多生物功能 , 尤其是在病理条件下 , 具有较大的保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	在线上 , 学生可以表达自己的感觉和意见更自由地表达出来 , 甚至帮助外语学习 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使它从未来战争 , 台湾成年仍然是更好的中美关系 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室设置上工作 , 我不确定如何学习礼仪 , 如何适当讲话等 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	第二 , 通过建立数学模型和对比分析方法 , 证明了wrh的学术可行性 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主持者逃离 , 在学校还支付特殊关注培训 " spy " 和 " 视频tape喜欢代理 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过mcgs形成的一种远程监测网络 , 以监测卫星传输器的工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加里卡·费斯先生 , 他希望看到银行家 , 考虑他对国家的税收和采购的问题 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32他没有自己的儿子 , 可是给我们一切都不会怎么样 , 和他一起 , 大致给我们所有的事情 。
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	在实际情况下 , 西银行已从东耶路撒冷分离 , 这仍是最受欢迎的巴勒斯坦城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	而且 , 我的第二个软件raid文章 , 我们将考虑一些更先进的软件raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天一声音会在他的头上听起来 , 他的脑子的声音会回应答答答 , 同时他在无尽的任务上劳动 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前石油勘探已经从结构储层到岩质和层面储层中趋势 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	例如 , 梅迪亚的孩子被称为 " 金钱 " 的名字 , 其他的部分可能是由模拟产生的 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了本品种外 , 这种品种并不成功 , 但是它在路透谷和加利福尼亚培养 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫拿着哲学家的头 , 把它带到耶路撒冷 , 他把菲律宾的武器放在他的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	算法满足了新特性nc加工技术的需要 , 使工具路径产生了特征keleton 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售没有中心 , 那么信任员对自己的不足 , 那么信任者对车辆进行绑定 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	尽管数据同步发送同步 , 协议在网络传输过程中提供依赖消息的协议 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件良好时 , 土壤水含量较低 , 发展过程延长 , 生存率降低 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	船体的生理状况是动脉和零应力状态的状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	轻轻的葡萄酒 , 轻盈混合了香味 , 笑着的面包 , 人群在手工上忙着 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	到目前 , 国家的补贴是削减和隐私的 , 更多的工作往往往会变化那些不要付出的工作 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 金小小突然问起来 , 东尼是冷的 , 但要求几个照片的想法 。
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	清楚地决定看他最好的看法 , 很好的女性花了一段时间 , 仔细检查他剩下的伤口 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画在中国绘画中发现了各种不同的方法 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发布了网上信息和叶片 , 目标说服孕妇有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	法律责任是否在他们在哪些操作下进行数据保护法律的合法义务 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里传播的毯子 , 吃了我们的晚餐 , 很快就吃了黑色 , 开始雨 , 风吹得很难 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数岩石滑坡稳定性分析了一定的不稳定性 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	奥克斯福教育的巴克尔在古老的佛教仪式 , 在宫殿上 , 超过了imphu谷 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个程序还介绍了偶尔突变和随机性 , 在离开机会上 , 其中一个可能产生事故的机会 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌的鼻子:把它放在锅水中 , 直到硬核中 , 然后用肉块或鸡蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	目标是文件的最后访问时间 , 每次访问文件 , 下面文件系统必须记录这个时间 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	与此同时 , 高温区逐渐降低 , 直到沿着水失的变化 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这类非授权的计算机印象明显反对法律 , 反对大鼠的战斗是一个挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股票的比例越高 , 投资额越少 , 现金流量对投资的影响越小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们在美国和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战方面进行合作评估 。 "
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	在水解乳素中添加后 , 种子减少 , 但污染率总是很高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解产生了肉类味道的必要 , 使这些快速烹饪汤、肉类等激励 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	建议的菜肴包括哈卡风格的豆腐 , 蒸煮鸡蛋 , 虾肉和虾肉 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	在实验中 , 研究了激光诱导血浆微波的频率下降和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	rubish收集器跟随着处理后面的过程挑选出的瓶子 , 今天将成为一个巨大的财富 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受你成功的祝贺 , 我希望信报告更好的成功和快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 150名警方沿着北京的中海领导复合物沿着北京的道路 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影之一的一个可记忆的场景 , 基于真正的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备广泛应用于食品加工厂、食品仓库等 。 单位组织走向错误 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	成立于1540年 , 在17世纪 , 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	技术的实施和应用已经积累了我国其他地区建设油气存储的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章分析了江苏新世纪江苏大学教育机制的特点 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这条狗的其他名字是中国猪 , 荷兰大豆 , 荷兰大豆 , 米尼·马斯蒂夫和中国原来的国家是中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种新型的单核和双重磁场传感器制备了基于基于基于基于基于基于形状的磁场传感器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然很难找到工作的困难 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了有限跨流量空调控制方法及其控制方法 , 提出了一些改进现有问题的意见 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象在高中 , 研究了深入的理论问题 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨 " 弹簧功能 " 与胃肠细胞 " 胃肠功能的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者购买有机增长食品 , 因为他们相信产品是健康、味道更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	通过实验方法研究了fpso的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德威尔说 , 世界各地数据损失了40亿美元 , 每年对企业和个人产生影响 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	轻轻的葡萄酒 , 轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻 , 轻轻轻轻轻轻地混合了香味 , 笑着面包 , 脸上很忙 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	不同协会的不同人口结构反映了社区成功的过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	随着日志出现 , gename方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用程序生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含一个程序的实际数据发送到另一个程序 , 其内容和结构由应用程序所定义 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东地区和nka控制pw%很好 , 在年内保持它 , 同时也达到100%的ytdgs目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要心理和身体 , 如果心能进入细胞内的内部 , 就会使细胞内部的膜渗透 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	通过对比sat和cft的应用 , 测定了710种牛肉的样本 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	东方绘画中墨水的影响 , 利用空间化的线条 , 在此工作中 , 获得新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能会指出你的鞋子 , 说: " 如果你相信他们和看看 , 你是一个四月的傻瓜 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她抱怨或无意地放弃了三角关系的指数 , 并未能看到她在过程中所造成的痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷酸复合物的主要活性是促进细胞吸收 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用和理论的一个主题 , 它需要高技术和大量的经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和愤怒很少不同 , 但是 , 特别是 , 我希望我能代替自我效率 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年疲弱的经济承诺了一些家庭可能不能为大学计划付费 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	官员打开了他们的汽车的链路 , 推出了一个像四个转子和一个视频摄像机的玩具模式飞机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	她用 " 幽默 " 作为一种吸烟屏幕 " , 是萨洛蒙笔记 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	错误听到这句话 , 他突然喊出来 , " 谁给我承诺给我承诺吗 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	戴姆 , 萨姆 , 艾莉·林德和ian承诺 , 如果必要的话 , 将我带在巴隆 , 我不能错过这 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性感很不同 , 那么你看起来就有什么必要的事情 ? " 问年轻人 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我清楚她如何笑容 , 英语语语语言的道路 , 但对于悲剧的抱怨我们正在考试 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿正在阅读或观察她 , 鼓励她谈论和问题她所看到的事情 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	按照文件工作 , 按照上海国家文件规定和上海规定 , 分类、排名和识别文件 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	经常 , 偶尔超越了 , 丹尼必须学会在长期的途径上成为患者的技能 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	十人坐在飞行员座位上 , 飞行员坐在空中 , 尽管飞行在空中飞行 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长时间以来 , 中国重点注意力主要是小叶茶 , 忽视了大叶子 , 茶输出和出口日益降低 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在长夜里 , 很多人喜欢他们有一个甜梦 , 即使是安静睡眠的时刻 , 但不能做 , 这是印度 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	" 所有这些都导致了很多伤害 , " 谢克·曼佐说 , 印度乌尔的编辑说 。
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生化学、生物学、医学或相关科学相关经验最小5年 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法是一种较小的损伤 , 是甲状腺切除术期的安全和手术方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也许会在世界广泛的网络上 , 这是国际通讯网络的媒体组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于两端信息和单端信息的传输线非接触保护的实现 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他生活了一个简单的和脆弱的生活 , 他不愿意钱和卢斯 , 他总是失去了晚餐时间 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 旧金斯科政府的董事会通过当地律师禁止孩子产品中的化学用途 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗尹是一个晚唐不允许忽视作家 , 它的诗歌明显的区域是宋代传统的 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西星期一被提醒我们的根 , 当苏格米尔时 , 俱乐部的创始人支付我们一个访问 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但看 , 这只是正确的 , 整个系统的护理家庭医生在我们上传 , 因为他们不能治疗他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的探讨腹泻盐的旋转控制效果 , 探讨营地区b试验领域的应用价值 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年第一次风更大的时候 , 风吹起来 , 听到了小风吹起来 , 干燥离开了人群 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	胡格希承诺继续建立 " 羞涩的连接 " , 这使人们共同想住在和平和自由中 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	对于中国来说 , 中国的国民革命将会在战争中 , 中国的帝国主义行为不再是不错的 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我已经睡了14小时 , 我认为我非常疲倦 , 这是晚餐的时候 , 我必须去 ! 我很饿 。
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一名领导州长和总统 , 克莱的政治直觉赢得了他 " 伟大的赞助者 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	妻子:我知道你想做什么 , 你是个沉默的女孩 , 我亲爱的 , 我能帮助你们的梦想能真的 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 治疗大多数常见词的语言和写作例子显然不平衡 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我从流动的7列车时 , 我总是试图解释中国人物在报纸上读的中国人物 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然最糟糕的价格下跌 , 国内价值预计在2010年全球任何情况下 , 家庭价格都会显示小的收益 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果词汇证明了有效的话 , 美国表达可以在viral营销活动中设计的 " buzz " 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	迪戈·马拉说: " 利昂尔梅西 " 与耶稣玩了一场 " , 但不要做错误的选择 , 今天 , 迪戈·梅德纳说 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您想要改变sammba服务器的名称 , 使用网络名称 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新ipodnano , 开始在149美元 , 来自一个fm接收器和pometer , 除了建立视频摄像机 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	可是瑞典报纸已经建议 , 当他们经过耶和华的时候 , 鸟儿们正在穿过圣路上 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何生理差异 , 研究人员从每个组中分开一定个体 , 以研究脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语的第一篇文章是在五世纪中首次写的 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共同的义务 , 确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案件和交易时间规则 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	游客中心和博物馆提供了关于古代人民文化历史的信息 , 以及今天印度的印度 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈是一半的一般 , 它的无力参议员在大量、贫困管理的地产上 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	在cpb中心静脉和周围动脉的总mk水平显著上升 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 这是一个非常特殊的乐趣 , 让我公开表达我的深刻的承诺和欣赏 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有帮助的步骤包括帮助别人 , 使用幽默、学习 , 以及实践问题解决和时间管理 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项计划不可能导致商业和消费者更高的能源成本 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	看到<washome>/var/目录/服务器 。 xml用于目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	下次尝试 , 您需要将你的汽车驱动 , 用你的拇指和呼吸一分钟才能穿过你的右鼻子 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	事故教他们两个课程 , 他们说 , 无论如何安全船 , 最多的人类错误都会破坏 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	上个月前报告显示 , 第二季度增长比重建预测 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要出现网络 , 公司应当作为客户价值的代理和集成者 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据媒体传说 , 耶稣在最后一个供应商使用的杯子或板块 , 后来成为许多物体 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我把他们送出一张长期购物列表 , 设置时间在十分钟的手机 , 拖着colin上楼 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 雅雅雅 , 希望家庭在今年 , 我们可以健康更多的生活 , 共同是好的 , 不对 , 都是对的 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾利夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以在短时间开关 , 使它消失 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实施的独特特特色之一是俄罗斯生态组织扮演着重要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、可靠性和差距理论 , 分析了该数据的统计分析 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	歌手cecelinedion正在为2000美元的美国超市报告提供一份报告 , 声称她是怀孕的 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	他不会移动 , 直到他确定他的男人准备好准备 , 麦克莱恩的计划是把他的军队放在贫困的河上 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	针对电力分布 , 给出了一种特定的a/d转换器 , 实现了电力、区域和性能良好的贸易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 可以通过音乐课堂教学的实践 , 通过音乐课堂教学的实践 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更加热量 , 在两个金色中有线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些游客在现代化中被考虑安全 , 所以与您的健康保健提供者关于妊娠期多少非营养的游客接受 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:采用非肿瘤技术 , 可严格防止肿瘤传播和局部种子 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种双维伺服四色模式识别的计划 , 以及其边界处理技术、wh 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hmm的同时解决和更新参数的联合源码解码方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个活性蒸发器 , 并对其在北菲尔德的neld过程中使用的uop活动器行为1进行了评价 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	迄今为止 " 巴迪拉 " 计划在夏天被关注 , 有效的蒸汽和产量不明显相关 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三国王 " 在刘北 " 的浪漫 , 原来卖草沙子 , 但后来组织了上述征服 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	市电子有限公司是以色列买家 , 需要购买产品类别等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	我们已经完成了用户缺乏传统的方法学 , 为了对产品所有者/管理器的优先化控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当两件事都完成时 , 阿拉克看到她的惊讶 , 她已经被认为是好的 , 因为上帝的设计是最优秀的 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	丝子从海洋、湖水和河水都有不同的粘土含量 , 导致了不同的土壤强度 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部请求建立和提高儿童艾滋病预防和控制系统阻碍 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业人员:全国森林控制协会成员 , 中国老鼠和卫生森林破坏预防和控制协会 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 湖南 " 和 " 南京黄 " 是克里桑美学育种的潜在父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售商只卖了一双鞋子 , 他们可能会有一个真正的笑容 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成绩列为以下:1 ) ) 自主创新脉冲模块控制 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	针对建筑完成技术文件的技术文档 , 提出了补充、加入、修改和必要的解决方法 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	民主党法律师阿基希拉马说: " 唯一能力统一党是奥萨瓦 。 "
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是30小时的数据 , 需要寻找一个西班牙参数和天空位置 , 但没有什么都是在石头上设置 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	知道一系列温室效应可能带来一系列的结果 , 但所谓的利益很小 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	考虑了二十世纪的系统功能语言学和心理学思想 , 是两个重要的语言学理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	周六 , 拉尼斯在上海中国国际商学院举行的一项会议上周六举行了一次会议 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道自己的虚拟已经离开了他 , 把他关于压力 , 说谁碰到我的衣服 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴特拉·梅西现在正在在美国人上 , " 巴基斯坦的一名退休的巴基斯坦分析师说 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	营养成分的一个原则不能使ngpang食品、prunes、raisins以及其他值得这项任务的时候 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里吉说: " 我们只需要强调那些饮料和驱动的人真的会导致很多家庭的心脏 , 我们需要停止这种情况 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马先生说 , 奥巴马说 , 他将向外交和其他非军事方面发挥新的能量 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的激励是关注战略石油储备的作用 , 增加探索输入和数量化石油冲击 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它是由外周侵袭、转移到宫颈淋巴结节点或远端器官和神经病学性atpia 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	弗拉尼亚是一个关键的时间间隔 , 在德文尼亚的巴勒多样性变化之前 , 在德文尼亚的巴勒多样性变化 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了教师互动的概念 , 以及教师与学生交互的基本特征 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别事件通常是癌症、精神、病毒感染、炎症和自体免疫病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	1990年 , 罗斯国际社会会议、城市生态学和克罗戈多论坛的报告 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我开始在 " 伪装 " 机场之后 , 我们会见这次旅行的领导人 , 我们照片所有的伴侣 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是0和100之间的值 , 100指数显示了一个轻量的服务器 , 0是一个重量负载的服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	比较了电视转播对电视的影响 , 通过直接计算各代非品质的稳定性值 ? 陶瓷合金 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单一结构的单一优点是单一的 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	混沌与裂缝之间的自然紧密连接是由于混沌动态系统的陌生动力学系统的无限相似性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	另外 , 还需要更长的跟踪评估化疗是否可以采取术后放射治疗的地方 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	" 鸟类 " 、 " 鸟类 " 、 " 鸟类 " 类型 " 、 " 任何项目都比 " 的任何项目都有 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司有进口贸易权 , 可提供船舶自动化系统和信息系统的全面解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	同样的问题在于中央政府的传播部门将在执行元审判下制定的同样的问题 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将被称为 " 玉米 " , 一个特殊的东西将在一场火灾燃烧周围 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文是第一系列的第一部分 , 将在net2.0中进行更新查看 , 并且如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人球迷的欢迎 , 他的两次冠军在周末结束了三场失败 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	或至少 , 根据大多数美国人和英国人在一项新的语言应用程序调查中调查的案例 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会尝试执行这种前提和使用xenophobia或海军论坛 , 说每个国家都应该举行同一标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果8 , 000个自动测试案件生成600个故障 , 您真正能处理这个 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作伙伴们几乎很难宣称 , 作者的实质份额 , 但他们会有良好的任务 , 不会与其他男性作品相互干涉 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远的时候 , 社会平等的声音在社会现实中 , 系统可以在平等上提高 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	决定人士还注意到 , 中国已经为其亨尼克最大的市场 , 每年大陆的冠军市场正在增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国的天空最好的是摄像机 , 大多数年轻 , 他们笑着笑着 , 笑着 , 他们的眼睛和兴奋 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	当大公司规定了屋顶和国际竞争的时候 , 大公司的竞争变得越来越多地讨论和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	奇怪的是 , 由于世界银行和新闻组织并没有通过尘土经济预测 , 所以 , 世界银行和新闻机构不会被关闭 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	随着部门 , 用户开始了许多用户 , 例如当用户单击或双击标签显示空间中显示空间内的时候 , 例如当用户单击或双击 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于廉价的中国商品更适合于主要零售商处理 , 他们倾向于超过他们的推广中低价项目 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	进入官方站点 , 因此 , 通过接受和票合并并不分别控制了pel事件 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染者在感染者的存储中 , 通过污染的食物或水 , 传播出感染者 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	杰:我们并没有详细查看其他平台 , 但是我们确保有更多平台、应用程序和站点都会受到同样的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度改革的稳定性和证券市场的稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	这是一个新的文明观点 , 核心正在寻求共同的地面 , 储备差异、平静的共同存在 , 代码开发 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学的特点在于艺术结构的选择或形成艺术结构的角色 , 具有交流的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文针对检查list和流图的基础 , 提出了风险识别器的风险识别技术 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	地点连接面板的密度应该通过不锈钢、钢、钢、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁头头等 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计学的教学中 , 给出了线性回归的参数估计方法 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物收入太多的死亡都是因为很多人死亡的 , 这些文化被哈哈德所禁止的 , 他们并不想到结果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中国和外国佛教的活动有限于点和线 , 缺乏大规模传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水的表面是健康的 , 它来自第一个地方和下一个地球 , 空气的表面是不健康的 , 它来自缝纫 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorsam滤波器提供了基于服务器的服务 , 这样你可以报告spam , 其他用户可以从您所识别的电子邮件 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿音乐 , 因为我喜欢跑步 , 可是我很难相信 , 因为我只有5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除了葡萄牙的葡萄牙外 , 网络并不受欢迎的狩猎 , 大约有一半被调查的男性选举了网上寻找人们 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	钻孔和粉红 , 用喷雾和巧克力的味道 , 完成口味和香味 , 无力努力 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧 , 看起来很慢的进步 , 记得上帝永远不在一场飓风 , 但他总是在时间里 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 特别是那些有很长的人 , 希望我们在触摸他们 , 我们需要 " 公民 " 程序 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	贝卢斯康自信西亚丑闻以来 , 贝卢斯科也曾在参加他的党议员的监督 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅有苏菲见证了全球的礼貌 , 可是她自己的祖父一直是著名的...大师的职位 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	虽然酒店策略很聪明 , 约翰逊愿意为旧版本新战斗 , 但有两个问题 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	不要提到互联网游戏 , 甚至我最艰苦的朋友 , 他们正在抱怨并且正在试图登录他们的msn 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	针对钢铁焊、气压焊接、铝焊接焊接的钢铁正常化处理 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚前 , 另一个人完成了 , 又从他身上抓住了一只耳朵 , 说: " 谁曾经看到过一条蛇吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	理论、理论、重组、制备和制备的主要角色 , 决定了哲学资料 , 最好在计划、理论、理论、理论、理论、重组和制备方面 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们结束了一场无限的花费和债务 , 并且工作更多 , 并且与商品满足 , 但意义和幸福 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , webspherhere访问提供了一个解决方案 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英文版本 , 可以引入报告克劳斯和他们的分类是由逻辑和语义标准制成的 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白博士在1970年纪念的记录中看到了8 , 000名人回到1970年代 , 他们的iq测量了5岁和十岁 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何希望成功 , olpc认识到它需要从目标单元模型中得到的目标 , 特别是xo机的制造 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	您必须在编辑视图前绑定这个视图 , 双击视图控制 , 选择一个现有视图或创建一个新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已广泛应用于长期通信 , 但其高系统成本大限制了其应用于电子区域网络 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在内存基于内存的对象缓存中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过在整个集群中分享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在一个线路拓扑中 , 一个部分是连续的电路 , 通常与其他相关的电路连接 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	玛丽夫·影斯强的一名高级姐妹之一已经证明了她的竞争力 , 在他被带来试验之前 , 伊丽丹的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	2008年奥巴马总统候选人时 , 他承诺 " 采取 " 事情 " 的事情 , 在贸易和货币问题上 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着渗透频率的增加 , 光谱区数量的增加 , 不同分散政策的变化会不同 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你最好的时候 , 每次你选择你的仪器或打开你的嘴巴 , 都是建立好的习惯和沟通你的嘴巴 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标的行为是一种基本的生物学特性 , 它也是识别实体是否活着 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 他们在奥运之前回到哪里 , " vuylsteke说 , " 否则这将对业务计划的影响 。
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安质量和技术监管局为了进一步促进食品 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国委员会的全球竞选 , 提高气候变化和能源挑战面临世界城市的能源挑战 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	谷歌的技术要求从商业中想到的小型福特思维 , 但看起来很简单和安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架在短方向下应用的钢框架 , 长期化建筑 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	历史展览区的历史展览区主要是对我国铁路的宏观进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这个信息的重要性是 , 您的健康与食用瞬时鼻子有关 , 请直接应用这种烹饪方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	但在工业化的过程中 , 河道种子生长产业管理的过程中 , 需要快速解决 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响循环头、阀座的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被告知 , alt关键是错误的 , 如果压缩计算机的话 , 所有的实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	主要由cutof插件引起的性能损失 , 圆形平方推进室和插件开放基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于他承认美国 , 美国使得 " 出口民主 " 策略增加 " 的努力 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周 , 美国的天主希望只有上周宣布他们最终将对死刑的严重反对 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	丽丽安·劳伦斯:直接一部电影是一个非常受欢迎的工作 , 我们都知道它 , 你只是说什么 , 还是什么呢 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本论文的对象是研究几种复杂的变量的形函数和记忆映射的独特性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血液稳定的心动力学稳定 , 可保持糖尿素的观察和分离 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	khakitebags和金属切割袋对你来说 , 因为你想要你的访问成为你们的电子 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphere应用程序服务器社区版本的插件 , 用链接标签不会看到您的服务器列表 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种有机盐的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的探讨急性肾、加强脾气、生成血液的治疗结果 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了一种基于普通微分方程的多体系统动力学的设计灵敏度分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	多线程技术实现了一个洞的扫描器 , 它的扫描速度很快 , 很容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的过度性质包括视图的位置 , 只揭示自己是一个无意义的对象 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	针对等价理论的观点 , 翻译品牌名称应该实现完美的语言学u 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流是稳定的 , 如果没有重新到一个文件或管道 , 那么选择的页面将会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探讨环境偏差、纵向和中墙缺陷的配置 。 同时也为厚度验证和合作监测 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	无论如此 , gm的承诺将缺乏对北美的小汽车的承诺 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	国外废水处理厂在zibo市废水处理厂中使用 , 超过80%的工业废水 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同意红肉菜 , 蓝鱼和更硬的奶酪 , 作为沙漠 , 特别是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这综合资源包括国际资源的贡献者 , 他们是领导学术和实践者的领导者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他喝着深深深深的酒吧 , 学会把自己的精神从家里流出来 , 远处流出来的房子 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 国家核政策的评论是自2001年以来第三次冷战结束以来 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	这个竞选的个人并不仅是科学上不均匀的 , 而且 , 显示绝对没有更好的信息 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自我开发的轻油改造催化剂在水化生产中得到了良好的作用 , 完全替代了进口 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人都在这里加入我 , 希望你两个 , 塞欧和kikyu , 最好的生活必须提供你们的婚姻 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几个客户机上 , 并且可以在各种场景中模拟成千上万的虚拟用户 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	化工业、冶金和食品行业广泛应用于化学工业中 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们早期认识到这一趋势 , 我们可以重新重新分布我们的资源 , 以使我们的关键路径活动 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在一定的意识状态下 , 和平的思想 , 大胆的力量 , 以及信仰和精神的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的探讨全球性神经瘤的临床特点和评价方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数情况在明显的区域组装分布中 , 北城市占总体病例总数的78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	家庭老板们庆祝他们的业务、农业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续的产品升级 , 多纤维混合思想、棉花纺织企业增长纤维创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体来说 , 53%的法国人相信萨科齐是 " 好总统 " , 与5月的41%相比 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源家表示 , 今年将为中国公司提供3000万吨的煤炭 , 每年大约有3亿美元 , 2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和提示部分对如何改变你的行为、学习新技能和改变个性特征的建议提供了很大的建议 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	根据cin的数据结构的数据处理 , 根据数据结构 , 这个函数不会设置阵列维度场 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	amazonweb服务 , 租赁能力的大数据中心的计算能力 , 同时也赢得了更便宜的信誉 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	版本显然比自由版本和frostwire声称是limewire的免费版本 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kdcup9数据集的方法 , 结果表明了该方法的优秀性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯汀是爱耶稣的一名邪恶的青少年之一 , 他的死亡突然让我们留下了数百万的问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	在婚姻机构之后 , 我们感觉很好 , 每天都很好 。 婚姻机构现在正在寻求我们的爱生活 , 日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	去年 , 金融时期收购的钱媒体 , 一个网上的新闻经理 , 负责订阅费 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	早些时候 , 你可能开始醒来 , 早些时候 , 或者计划一个新的博物馆展览 , 你希望你已经希望接受 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	老师qrane先生 , 你真的想结婚詹尼弗 ? 克莱恩人回答詹尼弗将是我们的泰国江集团的牺牲 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	在周五访问期间 , 温家宝总理温家宝和其他高级官员会见胡金塔总统胡锦涛、温家宝总理温家宝等高级官员 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	ym:当我是年轻的时候 , 我看了很多哈克姆奥拉杰逊玩耍、查尔斯·巴克莱 , 当然迈克尔·杰丹 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是一种基于恐惧的背后 , 集成了基于思维的统一思想形式与光的语言相关的联系 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美食用水果和蔬菜作物经常不能达到超市 , 因为它们的大小或物理表现不能达到超市 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	本项目将利用电力购买技术 , 包括模块、海洋购买 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中学英语阅读课的合作学习理论可以改变传统教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 在1980年发布的邮票 , 特别是幸运的 " 青蛙猴 " 年仅发生了60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是二维 , 那么你经常想要 " 不包 " 的内容 , 每个网络列表的内容 , 就可以这样做 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证面部的安全和快速的支持 , 而且大大降低面部的消除成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 在高卷医院完成的程序中 , 经验的外科医生专业化总合并动脉移植 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场者和消费者的营销工作都意识到发生什么 , 并且都满足了最终结果 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从互联网早期的使用 , 网络的哭泣是网络空间 , 是网络空间 , 没有法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但这不满意两个圣妇女 , 马达姆·科尔丁 , 马奎斯·波斯 , 以及这个委员会 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是一个成员 , 制定了许多基本法律 , 行政法律和地方法律等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 全面披露:我不会叫做一个基于位置的社交网络服务的重量用户 。 我没有市长 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovafb2的抗原抗原抗原和fb2的竞争抗原 , 研制了一种冰川b2的冰川 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以 , 学习你的第一句话 , " 莱克 " [le'ka] , 意思是 " 好的/好处 " 来自食品到女孩的任何东西 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他是欧洲迁徙项目最好的 , 因为他获得了visador和护理奖项 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种过程具有较好的水质 , 在高加拿大和良好的治疗效率、成本低、成本低等特点 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌的四个患者在18fdg综合性图像的负面发现 , 但显示出正面血清标记 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软touch的织物和强大的压缩符合chic设计和思想细节 , 每天都要穿着你每天的风格形状 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	你需要遵循时期的正式服装代码 , 没有训练 , 没有犹太人 , 女士 , 穿着夹克和轮胎 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助你的工作前景 , 如果你需要一个或开发更多的公司 , 还有更好的费用 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	加入中国男孩缺乏男性教育者和书籍有着强烈的论点:中国男孩在孕妇环境中发展 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法采用了几种简单的模型分子和贝桑胺和艾滋病1蛋白酶之间的冲击 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	五名经理也表示 , 晚上五名经理还表示 , 他们更有可能做错误 , 1006人揭露 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么今天早上 , 医生告诉我 , 你们的机会很快就会看到他说的机会是十个 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每个调用都得到自己的活动记录 , 所以每次都叫做变量空间 , 在那个活动记录中获得自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	13年6月13日 , 捐赠者承认了4亿美元支持加维的工作 , 超过任何人最野心的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人加里·瓦切克用他的知识创造成功的葡萄酒图书馆 , 每天的视频博客展示了酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周 , 一个名叫加里的男人一周 , 卡尔维先生的奶酪 , 来到来 , 把它转动在内部的水里 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是 , 我们将需要空间岩石使用科幻系列星轮来帮助我们达到可持续的星球 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	" 如果你有不错的信用卡比以前的信用更难 , " 奥迪沙·帕迪诺说 , " 但是他们仍然可以用 。
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与睾丸酮受体深深深处 , 我喜欢多巴胺 , 洪水我的原始脂肪大脑 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	下次 , 您需要一个pojo并且在注意力转换成ejb , 您可以给一个小感谢openejb团队 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因的蔬菜家 , 一些常见的动机包括环境、动物权益和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国煤矿一定会杀死2 , 003万名工人 , 煤炭吸烟了空气 , 其他地方杀害了许多 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	大多数记忆的研究重点在于你可能会期待的 , 记住东西多少 , 准确和等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如路透小说一样 , 我们可以尝试转变我们的关注 , 再次尝试着浪漫爱情的威胁 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 它通常设置alias , 它扩展到 " l " 的长列表 , 对于文件目录或列表 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战是在一个单一的umbrella提供通用访问 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放后已受到大量关注 , 增加柴油发动机排放标准的关注 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在高磁化脂肪中 , 一些脂肪显微镜在神经脂肪组织细胞之间被看到 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	主要土壤降解是贫困营养、贫穷的微生物、坏结构、基础和重药 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术中间脑梗死和脊椎间盘的临床观察进行了分析 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	周六 , 美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿周六称为北方的协议和声明 " 深度重新注册 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店的债务卡付出额外的费用 , 那就通常叫做 " 现金回报 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	皮吉昂斯是一名男子在凯瑟曼附近的寺庙里走回家 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	然后 , 塞多夫进入了马丁的一本晚期挑战 , 虽然罗斯诺继续看到更危险的侧面 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中的配置线是一个3rd级聚合物 , 但是任何类似的吸烟都会告诉你 , 那里有大量上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一家公司希望在下跌利率的话 , 那么它可以简单地建立它的市场单元 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大型 " 是一个古老的策略 " , 讨论成为福州的价值 , 使得大大程度和必要性 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	您认识并且同意 , 您可以享受成员支付年度费用和相关设施费用的年度费用 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据行业分析师马什尔·科恩说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋实际上购买篮球 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国东大学气候政策专家mikehulme表示 , 这种社会效应也不可预测 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	长江桥是上海地区最长、最高、最高的石桥 , 拥有五个开放 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行程度的差异外 , 定义的内容也是限制财政部门人民一大手工资 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	金融监管的新过度并没有什么地址公司 , 即使他们扮演了一个中央角色通胀房子泡沫的中央作用 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯苏雷兹在上个月在安菲尔德的11场比赛中受到了球迷的追随 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	我们的路径带着我们走向公园 , 穿过大桥上面的高高高处 , 上面的洛杉矶河水 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	2003年9月 , 曼彻斯特失去了欧洲2004年9月的测试 , 这是一个很明显的球员 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 研究了硫化亚胺和阿司匹林进口表的不溶性 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了摩卡/e比和填料量对pu弹性的物理性能和热空气的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , src柱轴压比的局限值通常高于rc柱的有限值 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织一般的行政赞助对抗反馈和缺陷产品和其他非法活动的战斗 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 左右双边关系不能分辨通道模式 , 同时也考虑了水平和砂河两岸的水平 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	普通设备的例子很差 , 包括雪鞋和计算机或类型的关键板 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从当前的情况下 , 欧洲公共政府的发展可能会再次突破巴勒 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	该方法采用马铃肝组织作为原料制备马铃薯粉的干燥剂 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	产生了一种透明的产物 , 产生了一层薄膜子电池的顶层 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业家都热衷于一个特殊市场或技术的热情 , 并且把销售帽子放在不自然上 , 这是好的 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接当地能源的生产发展 , 提供平衡 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	知识和实践 , 关于孕妇女、家庭夫妇、上海妇女、上海妇女女女女女妇女女女、家庭女和孩子的认识和实践 ;
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法74例ct扫描证实了ct扫描的变化 , 分析了ct扫描的变化 , 研究其与预后相关性 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	进入${userins安装\etc\ws安全\sample\sample\sample\sample\ender.jceks在关键路径领域 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的评价全体骨折扫描在喉癌细胞遗传的诊断价值和标记 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	经过一次会议和一次奥运会仪式 , 10名成员队的选举人vow , 确保安全 , 他改变了他的工作总体 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	奥利拉说 , 微软并不是诺基亚唯一的选项 , 而且很多公司已经显示了他们在合作完成的手机制造商的兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家 , 是星系中心周围的圆核环 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了提取物和总碱的方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国银行破产法官允许莱曼将现金投入两家银行 , 以避免监管员的严重性 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法观察两种不同浓度蛋白注射液中两种不同浓度的镇痛效果 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文的总结 , 语言的整体特征已经做了简要的概括 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	przwalski的马 , 一旦浪漫了蒙古族的步骤 , 被认为在野生里已经变得太分散了 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系的转变要求美国和韩国维持 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长袍拆除了 , 这些 " 被短的角落 , 就像有些谋杀的虫子一样 , 那么 , 这些 " 就被短的角落 。
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑你的网上专辑 , 就像每个乘客都在公共旅行中留下的家庭专辑一样 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场如此激烈 , 公司 " 经历了一个衰退的长期日志 " , 有一些显示出来的东西 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果您正在跟踪并计划在这个点上采取一个破坏 , 请在您现在有两个工作 , 您现在在文件系统中创建更大的文件 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们在非白色群体中看到更多的权威主义率 , 我认为当局主义家庭的百分比最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月球远离地球 , 即使大树正在生长在山上 , 我们不能看到它们最强大的电镜 , 还没有发明 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	阻碍机场风格的乘客和包检查在大城市的公共汽车停止是实际的 , 因为它会带来普通生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	几天后 , 他们仍然在触摸部队 , 幸运地 , 他们杀死了鹿 , 难以依赖维西松 , 花了几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 四个主要银行 , 好银行/bad银行交易应该是管理的 ; 行业只能在四个工作中稳定 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时我仍然想要一张专注的钥匙板 , 所以当我看到了s710的时候 , 我知道它是完美的适合 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 必须是上帝的一般知识 , 然而 , 这导致男人常常想到他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	毫无其他文档与任何人类癌症、淋巴瘤、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间有关 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国近期公开支持伊朗和对韩国的制裁 , 对于朝鲜的核活动来说 , 中国最近公开支持了对伊朗的措施 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这个游戏开放了五千万美元的游戏 , 在一个无名的战争中东国家 , 交换10毫万美元的费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	八月晚些时候 , 乔伊·德里斯科充满了许多不同的工人的幻想:他在一个难以置信的时尚 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	港口根据周围和企业策略 , 提出了分化优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	鉴于j2ee1.4岁的j2ee1.4岁的j2ee版本要求不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利主义brigittebardot写给德国部长 , 称她不能给予压力超过奥巴嫩的压力 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦西亚全球更多和塞维拉维拉维拉维拉维奥中场都在拉齐奥总统克莱蒂奥·洛蒂托的购物列表 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 两级金融控制涉及在实验室管理和长期发展中存在矛盾 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	结果表明 , 该样本更有效地提取希腊的信息 , 显示了希腊生物反馈系统的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科尔声称 , 穆里奥并没有对未来的球员表示赞助 , 更喜欢在手中赢得比赛的事情 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	系统实验研究和理论分析了金旦岩石盐的机械方面进行了系统的实验研究 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例胃感染、14.3%、呼吸感染48%、ur24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	在德国 , 年轻人实际上 , 到10.3% , 在两年期内 , 德国的失业比例在德国 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	与传统观点不同 , 句子意义是其真理条件 , 因此 , 分析意义的新观点是实现的 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论对大鼠肝炎大鼠hpa轴的血疗效有一定的规律作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗马国务卿克罗说: " 虽然物理学家常常知道他们的病人会死亡 , 他们从未告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然站在 , 命令他叫他叫他 , 叫他叫盲人说 , 告诉他 , 是好舒服 , 他清理 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	wafer的大小表示 , led的质量比小芯片的大小更好 , 价格比异常大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国hiv传播模式对感染率的传播率的影响显著提高 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	实际研究表明 , 美丽专家通过实际研究表明 , 宝宝石油与糖的结合提供了最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他指责陈的计算机被修复在精英多媒体限制的时候 , 西斯是一名员工 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强他们 , 林肯的演讲和写作已经在所有的牛仔都被偷走在火场上 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	在大明宫的大部分地方 , 他们已经保持了大多数的原始地区文化 , 比如他们的方言和传统食品 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中 , 可能会聚集到如何反映 , 总是寻求固定和永久的东西 , 尽管在本身和执行特定的情况 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔给婚礼带来了kay , 所以她会慢慢慢地慢慢慢慢和不少震惊 , 吸收父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	焊接金属的裂纹增长率可分别为高频率的35和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统很容易地构建和简单使用 , 比传统msps不增加收购时间更高的光谱分辨率 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 重复pv同一椎动脉患者的椎动态水平是有效的 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	软银行的合作是一个良好的开始:公司拥有2200万的订阅 , 其用户基地已经在过去几年里增长 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不敢称自己是改革开放的一名领导人 , 但毕竟 , 我们是第一个普通人打开一家餐馆 , " 郭说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	拜纳姆错过了上赛季最后46场比赛 , 左膝损伤的比赛 , 他平均每场14.0分和8.2磅 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了相关扩大土壤的性质和设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	本文采用性选择性吸收指标 , 指出性吸收对性吸收率提高性率的影响 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一位女性将会有更多的建议 , " 一位联邦主义说 , " 比建立 , 阿马逊类似的英雄自己 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	这些日子忙碌 , 经过 " 水边缘 " 实际上 , 没有发现 , 今天 , 去图书馆、图书馆小时前 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了解决这些条件 , 我们必须根据我国特殊环境 , 根据我国企业的规范机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	吉妈发现一块石板石板 , 很多字已经被打破了 , 明显不想让其他人知道这个坟墓的更多信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队沟通提供了一个蓝色的印刷 , 不仅是会议业务目标 , 而且也是执行有效的工程 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路布林确定它使用的形状是 " 红 " , 但认为任何混乱的形状都会影响贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	因此 , 您可以去了许多论坛 , 学习上面的一些信息 , 这个论坛将涉及到哪些网络平台更可靠的论坛 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	分配 。 您可能不会分配 , 或否则在本协议下转移任何权利或义务 , 通过执行法或否认 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物主体在中国增长 , 藏族主义是那些希望在股票和房地产中传播财富的时刻 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应当充分提供 , 大学培训应该是我们普通国家的课堂或比赛 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点探讨了国外日常中心工作人员自我认识 , 并讨论社会结构上下文的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 自1918年以来 , 奥巴托没有使用的东西 , 实际上 , 叶肉是季节和吸烟完美的 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	阿富汗的阿富汗总部阿富汗州长阿富汗政府中最大的雇员之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他拿着汤姆粗糙的影子 , 看到一只山羊的眼睛 , 常规的小狗 , 晚上散发出来 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	通过对镜像的分析 , 探讨了新媒体影响的新视觉创造对新媒体的影响 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 经典装饰、完美展 " 的品质产品 , 永虹重新定义生活 , 完全展示了每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行正在加强中央银行 , 通过措施保持高通胀 , 直到全球市场转向补贴 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个nps也显示出明显的基因生成交互 , 但它们的效果不明显 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	尽管在第二年 , 俱乐部只是成功 , 部分是由于能量和热情的协调员苏珊·迈克尔 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	jy8g.德鲁在法兰克福举行的债务 , 增加了希望投资者信心可能会在全球信贷交易中返回 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd中 , 根据计算机节点请求 , 数据被重新分布到某些阶段 , 所有组都是多重限制的 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	两个不同的法国彼得进入密度 , 一个小型的 , 两个人死于吉克斯塔的海洋船舱 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	普勒托在城镇的错误边缘 , 但仍然穿着新看起来很美丽的鞋子 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	现在 , 投资者要求银行像莱曼和华盛顿相互提高资本 , 或者卖他们的资产 , 证明他们是解决方案的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在2000年前在民主党议会上表示了一个国家公约 ; 他是党副总裁诺曼 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	在试验中 , 采用bp油填料的砂浆污染 , 该团队能在第二秒内分离水碳 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 基础上可能是由于非载土壤的不载荷 , 诸如沙桩和高温变形等危险条件 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一名学生给出了一个程序 , 给朋友的列表 , 短篇文本消息 , 他每15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	把你的空间与您的窗户手机的运动传感器 , 反对空间的海盗与您的阿森纳更新武器 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	本方法可为其快速度和简单性和一定准确度提供一种新的方法 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	当它关闭目标时 , ekv集成了xbrith的网上传感器和锁定到敌人导弹的数据 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利头盔提高了成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 发明效益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	由于老板是一名电影生产商 , 他的客户是电影明星 , 歌手和庆祝他晚晚晚晚的晚餐 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	杰西斯 , 脉冲器 , 心脏器 , 腰部和类似的文章 , 杀死或冻结 , 丝绸废物 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	结合:任何会计原子的交互 , 分子、离子、晶体、金属等稳定物种 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另一个是loblollypine.wndbreaks不仅保护着陆地和农作物 , 可以减少树木 , 用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	昨天 , 他们的两个完全背后 , 约翰·弗拉纳根和杰克·罗宾逊 , 反对奥沃尔科和萨姆尔纳米尔 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	阐述了糖尿病、乳细胞、乳腺病等因素 , 具有独立的特点 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	审美追求与各种新闻作品的联系 ; 作家编辑的过程也是审美追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西南部地区南宁市的六个县和城市 , 位于广西省西南部 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	其特点是:严重的条件、快速变化、易于诊断、难以管理、更多并发症和高死亡率 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 地区首相安德鲁斯安德鲁斯在他办公室与中国外交部长李赵兴见面 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹正在承诺实施全面和平协议 , 坚持南苏丹的参议在自由和公平的途径 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种交通车辆悬挂系统的组成部分 , 特别是一套悬挂钢板 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使小山作为我们的民族制造基地 , 我们需要做以下:一个 , 识别开发和创新高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	最近 , 改善荧光化学最近 , 使用高浓度的荧光化学 , 没有引起医疗并发症 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	儿童哮喘家庭历史或个人历史的儿童越来越可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及了利用新型有限铬介质在净化和生产cobra神经毒素的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitel光干涉度增加了光线测量范围 , 测量精度达到了纳米的水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省级劳动确保大厅楼长张德玉 , 办公生长jouebai , 做出重要的讲话 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	将各种各样的历史准确的武器 , 包括机枪 , 巴佐斯 , 尼超冲突和火焰爆炸器 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文研究了一种含有多羧基化物组的水溶性硫黑色染料的染色和完成性能 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	给出了一种具有厚层氧化铝氧化铝薄膜的制备方法 , 属材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	选择序列和平行执行之间的理想阈值是协调并行任务的一个功能 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区微观特征没有明显差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面临问题是人们身体的喷雾问题的反映 , 只有内部和外部治疗才能帮助解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是最优势和临床价值诊断早期肾病理损伤的诊断方法 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	2004年 , 莱霍姆再次获得了 " 2006年最佳男性音乐家 " 和2006年由黄金梅洛迪奖委员会颁奖 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个电子商务店前面应用程序 , 社区网站 , 一个门户站点 , 例报告 , 以及项目时间追踪应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度多文本增加了平均14至21个新秀节目 , 与150个额外展示相比 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和保持者 , 礼品 , 陶瓷品 , 叶子和糖糖糖品 , 胶片 , 蜡烛 , 蜡烛 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他打开鼓 , 讲话 , 摔下他的牛肉 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 用好的测量后 , 把自己放到地板上 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	李维特说: " 不要把你的老板带到身上 , 虽然他是个人负责你们的职业生涯 。
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	阿蒂拉 , 湖王和西欧大部分的胡同 , 死于一名死亡的死亡 , 很多人都不会预期到这样的战争 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	视频共享能力 , 你可以看到其他人 " with " 的视频 , 虽然你的互动在视频旁面有限 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	改善了xerosis的一些主观症状 , 临床xeric敏度范围和dermosc光学表现 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	把剪切板放在一半 , 开始很快 , 当感觉逐渐与剪切压力板连接到一半 , 开始慢下降 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底层改革不能阻碍 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免面对 , 这样它就像一个不可避免的平原 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	阿米斯花了电影拍摄的剩余部分 , 让他逃离了他的小女儿从她的家长中回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则的价值分配在这个情况下 , 测试1应该在测试机器中分配的测试 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几周后 , 我们得到了几句话 , 克里人希望我在公约上讲话 , 虽然它还不清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果也可用于解决西北地区的同一盐问题和地球重建问题 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	一个结晶化合物 , c6h12n3ps , 一个硫化物 , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	本文介绍了热量和热量计的基本原理 , 提出了一种制造热耦合热量计的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥是中海 , 18公里东 , 位于意大利边境附近 , 并且在法国周围 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有一个文本将改变世界 , 但是将一起 , 这些治疗将会限制基地达的招聘池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周下午 , 大爸停下来 , 听到他的卡车停在停车场上 , 发动机被关掉 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	该增加的电压主要是电力线频率和电压测量的效果 , 将依赖于电压测量的正常调节能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南湾市贸易有限公司主要是一家优质葡萄酒、进口酒、烟草、酒、烟草等公司 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	试图让房间在任何床面反映在餐桌上的镜子里 , 为了获得 " 双重财富 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当骆驼完成饮料时 , 男人拿出了一条金鼻环 , 两个金色手镯重量十磅 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆的教师为例探讨他们的工作负担和影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类可能看起来像清单1中的同步计数器例子 , 但类似性只是超级 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另一个风险是 , 个人和商业账户将得到混合 , 因为他们和莎米克尔这样做的话 , 他们现在正在继续银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能导致一定的爱者使用非常长的鱼棒 , 而且也可以切掉或设置 , 使鱼钩很方便 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果还表明 , 一些燃烧机械喷雾喷雾剂对某些燃烧器的燃烧性能较差 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这导致了模式定义和soap消息生成的si基本概要 , 并遵循wsi基本概要 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收你的代码 ! 创建你最喜欢的收集 , 并且常常常用的snippet , 确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们提供了一个小时的更新 , 以保持我们的用户信息的情况 , 直到今天只是在4pdm前解决 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 它仍然是关于膝关节外科医生的挑战问题 , 重建受伤或重新伤害的nicus的功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些政治权拒绝了纽约时报报的任何东西 , 并非批判相信福克斯新闻提供的任何东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管卡普的爱与中国 , 他的中国球迷相信他能使美国成为世界的一个人 , 甚至世界也会再次大 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	同样 , 中国政府计划改善基础设备制造商 , 比如caterpillar 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当粮食地面 , 或叶子被烹饪时 , 他们变得更容易消化 , 使得更多的营养成分被肉体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找一个机会 , 让他的团队接近一个大城市学校的艰苦的游戏 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上周 , 一些主要银行包括ubs降低了2012年中国的增长预测 , 大部分由于出口将会面临的问题 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热荷载集中在离散期间的外循环 , 可能导致圆形变形形状 , 离散波动可能会导致圆形变形 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依赖系统中多元文档滤波器 , 可能需要添加检查 , 如果请求文档是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数50 , 000个应用程序都在基于安德鲁德的表上运行操作系统的时尚 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史理性思想 , 深刻地分析各时期的作者的作者的作品 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室是由黄色自行车锁定的 , 可以看到托德勒的渔业价格玩具 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	考虑了物理信息融合的多维和非线性特征 , 本文采用svm建立医学建模 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	1934年6月16日伦敦 , 美国网球球员亨利·杰科布斯与威尔曼杯比赛后 , 美国球员在英国举行了英国 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党 , 巴基斯坦人民党表示 , 一个联合国调查到她死亡的唯一途径是达到真理的唯一途径 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	随着企业和市场的干涉方式 , 行业集群已经促进 , 将促进经济发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸称 , 维多利亚还允许在任何决定结婚之前 , 与她的男朋友共同生活的日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说: " 尽管这些成功仍然非常关注 , 以及后面的原因 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将会有丰富的增长 , " cinic说 , 与其报告的发布相符合 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个哈勃的空间望远镜显示 " 猫的眼睛内布拉 " 是世界上最复杂的 " 行星网络 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管道系统 。 玻璃加强热塑料组件 。 试验方法证了螺栓联合设计 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪斯尼执行官说 , 如果他们在中国的努力成功 , 他们会在世界各地的其他国家举办英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	随着我们世界各地的美丽的地方 , 我们失去选择 , 唯一的办法是跟踪心脏 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	索韦托居民或其他城市地区 , 可能是在富裕国家的外国人同样的途径 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一个guugugugueimithirr讲话的故事被电影告诉他的朋友如何在他的青年里 , 他在沙特森林水中被捕获 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	有限数据显示ms0和tssr在平均1.0.93的关系中 , msss0的价值大于tsr 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	这种笑容的性别游戏 , 现在都有黑暗和兴趣 , 更有创造力的家伙 , 更有创造力 , 更有创造力 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqa和qam决定 , 如果需要更多的行动 , 可以确保计划审计被执行 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	同时也可以保护由ct的二级负荷导致的磁性约束保护 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 硫板的清洁度适应两种生产技术是一致的 。
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可交易的是一种可测量的、可证明的工作产品 , 如规范、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文件或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联邦军兵承诺不远 , 回到这项承诺 , 他们被释放在巴罗的家庭上 , 送回家 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	船长从身体背部开始移动 , 直到到达到头部 , 把它推进前面 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有灰色的摩西斯卡特征的故事 , 这是特别的黑暗和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可阻碍的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中会有益 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过强迫他们审查他的部门 , 诺佐先生可能帮助一项改革:更大的透明度和会计性 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 。 我们已经有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特皮尔 , 丹尼·伯格麦普 , 珍妮·莱曼再次尝试 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	彼此一样 , 托德尔德博士在汤普森的耳朵上说: " 谢谢你们相信汤普森先生 。
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	超级、压力或担心孩子经常开始睡眠 , 睡眠衰竭有严重的后果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 印度一家农场社区买了土地 , 它吸引了农民、阿蒂斯人和知识者 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过对提高和错误管理的结合 , 安妮·莱伯维茨发现自己在债务中获得了24美元 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈温海先生要求一个统一的思想 , 保证各种工作的完整实现和成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	近年来 , 发现中国和西班牙早期人类的发现仍然存在着 " 非洲理论 " 的疑问 , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他写了一个 " 小庙里 " 的小孩 , 描述了他的生活和研究 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	本报告在一代审判的过程中 , 给定审判的报告取得了很多法律的整体体体体 , 并从当前的观点重新启示 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但他决定挑选笔 , 抓住笔 , 继续写作 , 写每句话 , 他需要支付普通人员不能想象硬件工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	" 进口税率 " 的进口税率对乘客和个人邮政园 " 是本系列规定的一部分和公园 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 城市和一定的私人开发者开始尝试改变 , 改革商业空间进入洛杉矶公寓 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主机家人知道当你想去旅行或停留的时候/平时 , 请清楚地认识到的时间/地址/帐户 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	这样 , 在前苏联有很多平台的建筑 , 这里有公共厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	第二 , 有一些糖尿病患者可能有利于阿富汗 , 第三 , 阿富汗患者可能希望保留药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	hwang后来承认面临的数据 , 使得这篇文章更好 , 但声称一名同事使他想到细胞线是真正的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	它还确保您的应用程序背后端与常用的特权运行 , 所以你不需要做到关键的文件世界可编写 , 这是一个大 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	凤凰太阳首席执行官和总统里克·韦斯 , 长期的nba执行官 , 告诉纽约时候他是同意的 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	联合俱乐部的基金由参与者收集资金 , 权威提供地方和体育设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	它是由莱德·莱德·莱德斯大学的一所学校的法律溃疡恢复的报告 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王鲍勃尔的死亡意味着埃丽莎白ii成为世界上最长的生活猴子 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四十四条建设企业的质量化 , 合同工作 , 应当申请此类质量的规定 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	本文以大地区精神血浆培养成功 , 预测了精神培养前景 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 闻到竹心深度 , 优雅 , 精炼 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	文章分析了kellog氨基转化器催化剂的毒性原因 , 提出了一种防止毒素的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	采用非完整的二极交叉试验 , 研究六个量子特性的遗传效果 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到纯粹的时候 , 然而 , 只发现一个上帝只有我在债务中有2个人 , 所以没有看到funu的图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种好办法 , 包括瑞典分析 , 评估你的市场 , 开发你的组织身份或简单预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	漫游游到古兰维拉酒店 , 同时也会看到三个人看看海鲜餐馆 , 另一方面 , 你会看到下一家海鲜餐馆 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一套自动化的机械装置 , 一个自动调节的轮胎 , 一个后流缓冲和升压阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文通过简单的缓冲方式 , 给出了两种方案 , 找到了多变函数的条件极端 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择147个私营企业作为样品 , 分析了21个因素分析 , 并得到7个共同因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了铸造初始化酵母和聚乙烯醇同化酵母的行为 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	因此 , 各种不良后果 , 包括较差的性能 , 大量的系统备份 , 确定性 , 管理性 , 增加了失败的奇迹 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种利用多类随机神经网络的实时语言质量评价方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待的过程中 , 9个城市必须预测一年的一个人幸运的损失 , 成功的是一个球员和收入 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血浆内皮素和肾氧化物和血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 大卫和金正在看着戏剧的辩论 , " 红楼梦 " , 沿着dprk的人从生活中走出来 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同固定倾斜结合结合结合的固定强度 , 评价其适当的坐标重建 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	在设计拱管时 , 设计拱管的负载状况 , 主要讨论了交叉项目中拱管的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁共振胆管图像的诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为这主要是因为男性有厚厚的皮肤 , 隐藏出现的脂肪细胞的出现 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈到谁会从课程中获益 , 一个关于详细的主题物质 , 我们将在本课程的课程中覆盖 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸快 ? 你的脉冲比赛吗 ? 你的手对象吗 ? 这些感觉阻止了几年的生命 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	在霍格胆管胆囊病毒的生产过程中 , 出现疫苗的病毒并未接受其标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	介绍了氯原子的活性氯原子 , 通过强有机酸含有活性氯胺 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我公司产品很好 , 产品销售在世界 , 比如:东方 , 我们在世界、日本、韩国都有很多成本 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐是自然生态环境中的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和沙漠化 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这个名字在解释他们的动机市长威利的媒体报道 , 他是写道平衡的报告 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了制造原理、性能、影响因素和使用中性硅密封剂的建筑和装饰 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五个卧室 , 一个现代的家庭超过1500万平方 , 全部重新签名家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个自由和紧迫的问题 , 关于人是中年人 , 他不想浪费时间 , 你知道他应该怎么做 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语学习成为审美学的主体 , 对于出生吸引力、出生性、社会性 , 成为审美价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存行径简单实现可分散 , 允许您在行列表示的一组记录之间 , 并向前进 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 作为我们在本周的专门报告显示 , 德国的成就 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 告诉一个不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	呼吁api采取http请求形式 , 建立的服务内容url , 包括xml数据的细节 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持初级和二级学校 , 除了英语和马来文化的主题 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件 , xls传播表或动态web页面 , 实际上没有开放ide并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 在不同民主特征下 , 性选择性吸收的效果逐渐增加 , 随着不同民主特征的增加而增加 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育的核心是培训获得创造力的学生 , 关键是在教师指导和学生的参与 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾范佩西的新合同在阿森纳温格的代表上 , 但他不希望这个问题在几个月内成为媒体观点 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个</p><p>儿子的美丽威胁陈玉 , 陈玉最终不敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我的家庭工作在计划时 , 我知道在摄像机上建立了好照片 , 很难在摄像机上采取好照片 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	在灌溉期间 , 瓶颈炎和喉炎可能导致叶子和叶子生长的变化 , 通常在地面或喷雾过程中 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普遍条件包括人类的思想质量和道德质量、科学上的文化、劳动技能 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟表示 , 中央已经进入计划长期 , 面临广告的最重要问题是广告承认程度 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以重新向我们返回的命令 , 可是 , 客户将被查看每公园每次运输费 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	价格下跌 , 除非移民已经做出了一项初步的确定和受伤 , 否则不得接受或接受 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果纯甜豆素是由氰胺、甲基酸钠、甲基乙烯、甲基乙烯、甲基乙酯组成 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	了解不同类型的吸烟木材 , 学会更多关于bbqgillill和消防pit在这个自由烹饪视频 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳能替代、地理长期、纬度、替代性、云覆盖、大气透明度 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴刚曾经说 , 碗形状会帮助观众重点集中在容器底部中心 , 集成人们和整体结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比关键西部的玻璃海洋 , 在美国南部几乎是美国 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统奥巴马在大多数时间和公众出现在改革国家健康保健体系的一个问题 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	研究了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和ash的成分 , 分析了铁酸和泡的营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我读到这个消息时 , 我是一个完全震惊 , 然后我想回到他最后一晚的东西 , 他看起来像昨天一样的表现 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	随着城市的特点 , 资源城市已经在建设整个行业和国家经济体系 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了本地硫回收过程的基本原理、流程流程、技术特点和工程实例 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果您已经使用了铁路行为 , 您知道一个锁定的用户将设置在会话内的值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	迪恩斯坦解释道 , 即使在睡眠和典型大脑 , 通常与某些模式相关 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	团队还设计了一种可移除的观测塔 , 可以用来直接着火箭和火箭的位置 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种设施 , 如污水处理厂 , 鼓励科学家工作更好的减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	虽然他们冒着说话的风险 , 中国在网络上说话说 , 中国的声音建议在这里公共观点正准备更多的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	新兰拱门看着他的酒店窗户 , 看着巴黎街的家庭 , 感觉到他与青年混乱和青年的心情 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	本:是的 , 很多人站在那晚 , 我看到人们走在长城的街上 , 让人兴奋地醒着民族的旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 谢米恩也试图帮助赫米恩 , 负责推动整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然适合的身体也可以引起更小的或更重的缓冲 , 小的调整可以提供更平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	清楚地 , 不同的管理水平 , 无论是鞋底或海洋 , 需要改变知识水平 , 认识物品的知识和意识 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	今年早些时候 , 政府允许莎里亚法律被武装极端主义者压抑两年后 , 今年早些时候 , 希里亚的法律被禁止 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 英国电影提供了8个当地电影 , 虽然7个只显示了它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	据daly说 , 一个苹果代表人告诉他 , 由于它的 " 政治性 " 的 " 自然 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	科学基础 , 建立一套科学综合考试系统 , 进一步运行毕业教育 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	或许最重要的是 , cd19l死亡甚至是那些高度抗癌性化疗药物 , 以及辐射 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	该系统将使战斗者使用手持计算机 , 请求全面的利益 , 如疑问敌人位置或敌人领域 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最好的美国主义 , 甚至很难认识到另一个英语的人 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织保持周明在交通政策的结束时 , 为了方便生活 , 她将回家 , 搬到东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男性的完美浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了穆迪尔性爱的虚拟 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的课程中 , 很多星期天早上告诉自己 , 所以 , 目前为止要教会一个星期天早晨 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	该方法采用纤维素凝胶来支持大鼠心脏细胞 , 在纤维素突破 , 作为细胞组织组织的组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了建筑能源节约的窗口 , 指出低玻璃是目前最好的一个 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们年龄的时候 , 突变开始扩展系统的能力 , 迈克隆达里亚开始自动化和染色 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一个独立的研究 , 看起来像小型透明昆虫 , 双重了解了7 , 000到14 , 000 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的商业是非常紧张的 ! 在尝试总是的产品之后 , 看看我们的上线是如此伟大的时候 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类语言中的重要人类生活 , 血液对人类语言非常丰富 , 如能量、情绪、硬化等 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格得到了起来 , 谨慎地把妻子拿起来 , 所以不要打断贝特哈 , 因为他已经付了一轮圆的总结 , 他只吻了她的嘴唇 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	国家石油威尔瓦尔科已经开发了下一代的项目 , 它将培训和发展高潜在的大学生 , 为未来领导地位发展 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 携带旅客和商品 , 是铁路开发的主要任务 。 随着社会、铁路的发展 , 铁路越来越高 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持了一个希望的东西 , 是她丈夫的重要项目 , 安静从他的衬衫里 , 枕头从他的身体中取出来 , 他的霍利昂球 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文介绍了世界铀资源、其在某些国家的分布和变化 , 通过2006年发布的红书发布的信息 , 介绍了世界铀资源 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华尔宁波计划在专业、动物和消费市场中开发国内市场 , 我们希望更多人参加我们 , 明天我们将会更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	星期五的一份报告显示 , 消费信贷增长在20个月后 , 第二个月后 , 消费信贷增长 , 可能会为支出 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者cgmsi和csi可得到有价值的信息 , 并提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiphop社区收到了一家从普通音乐集团的股票投资 , 没有公开投资的财务细节 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但城市规划者 , 小心地试图把资本转向现代、效率和宇航局城市 , 大多数人都被认为是历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	语言表达:页面像邮件 , 但 " 外面的博客色彩 " , 正如你在提醒管理页面的时候 , 就会提醒 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国婴儿有效的早期学习程序是评价和教育过程的完美和多文评价系统 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	除了提高了rpuf的压缩强度和rpuf的压缩强度 , 从耦合代理出发 , 提高了rpuf的兼容性 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了日本建筑师kuma设计的 " 竹墙 " , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 使用数字0 , 存储了第4美元 , qi$3 , $3 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	星期日 , 观察家声称 " 茶党在联邦花费范围上升 , 尤其是在银行出售 " 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 到了1990年代末 , 许可样品已经变成了成本上 , 许多采购者开始创建背景和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	如果检测早期 , 梅兰诺马的5年生存率大约98% , 但在检测先进阶段 , 可以低于15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但经过几年的加拉德里尔的过去 , 他的皇马的婚礼 , 来到莫拉德里和埃尔伦的儿子 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日晚上 , 智利总统与外交部长唐在智利参加东美论坛 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在全球的背面上 , 数百名rhestone人在个人城镇上 , 这是一个极端历史的重要组成部分 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 中国的企业正在增长 , 这些合作伙伴在美国销售的时候 , 美国的销售比史蒂拉更少 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评的有机形式由 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机整体 " 和 " 反对派联合 " 三个概念组成 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下列命令将创建 , 在体积组测试vg中 , jfs2文件系统的jfs2文件系统 , 并且只读取允许 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨白蛋白6和白蛋白18水平的关系 , 探讨红素athriti的综合分化 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	目前 , 马山铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁矿的电磁搅拌系统的问题 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线继承 , 等于性别之间的遗传 , 建立个人属性的基本内容已经成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱情的完美状态是单一而且独立的 , 就像是加勒兰花传递的花词:保持夏天的记忆...
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	华东盆地位于中国南部吉林省 , 是一半格拉伯盆地 , 位于荷兰盆地北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	本单元特点为两128galn混合坦克 , 一个30galn持有hopper和一个变形式的进展电力泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理多元化 " 经常特征着民主文化的公共文化 , 现代时代主要流行思想是经济主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种基于更新大气分散算法和调整方法的化学基础 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的配置需要仔细考虑 , 但如果正确的通胀不再是关注的问题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作计划 , 采用ct指导和超声学检查表进行ct检查 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	因此 , 当然 , 应该被剑死 , 由于荒谬 , 祭司 , 祭司 , 祭司 , 祭司 , 祭司 , 是的 , 愿意去 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的集成模式 , 包括一个延迟锁定循环 , 同步到参考钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸说 , 哈克马将通过交易基金 , 投资车辆hkma管理增加其在两个欧洲资本的暴露 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股市最近的股票回报已经增加了房产预算的压力 , 标普500指数今年7月跌至4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他重新对非政府组织的限制 , 通过执行吸收的美国税人资金来获得美国税收支付 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊情况阻止这种情况 , 它可能会在国务院委员会的批准上发布安装 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	在通常相对性上 , 时间被认为是高度、宽度和深度的维度 , 创建了一个叫做空间时空的四维宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	少数人都习惯于早些时候 , 因为他们的灵魂更难以检查自己的心脏 , 比写回报要多 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统的一名发言人说 , 尽管他会继续诊断淋巴结癌 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	允许保证项目按照媒体报告中包含的信息和建设和操作 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型的时间更长 , 消失的自然缓慢 , 如果有复杂的拉什 , 可以显示不断的蛇类 , 天然的形状更多 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , niu加入了emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻经典的钢琴家签署了国际古典音乐品牌 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但在我的经验中 , 基础uml语言超过文档大多数软件密集系统的基本要素 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我认为如果我在晚上做一些气候锻炼 , 它可以帮助在15毫米的时期我经历了最大的下降 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从第一天的治疗 , 小鼠pmn的化学物质开始降低 , 大剂量的剂量对小剂量的影响比小剂量组更大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	在芝加哥会议上 , 最近在芝加哥网站中消失了一个西门子网站 , 从来没有讨论机器使用的特定位置 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可变线性回归数学模型预测火灾传播 , 监督火灾预防 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法对245名自我抑郁范围、自尊焦虑范围和自我制度问卷进行评估 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	劳里亚先生告诉法庭说: " 我们不应该通过这个过程 , 要比我们愿意积极做出更多的努力 。 "
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	青年人是一种智能科学家 , 出现为浮动大脑培养一群妊娠的集群 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司的需求将在20年内增加五倍 , 需要超过2 , 000个额外飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看见上帝的惊奇作品 , 听到神的声音 , 听到了神的声音 , 他们在正确的恐惧 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在很多地区 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 一个阶段被称为保留教师教育的阶段 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当爱德森出生的时候 , 他出生了抗生素 , 来自他的肺部的流感超过 , 尼古医生建议我们承认 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微观的微观自我从约翰尼走廊的瓶子里 , 鼓励我想象从它的胸部出现 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一棵小树的时候 , 他们听到了一颗巨大的飞行在头上和一只可怕的飞行在路边的草地上 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外 , 除了10天或酒精外 , 还有一定的炎症是不能使用吸收药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预览1 , 今天下载的下载是第一步在本地html5支持的第一步 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革教学改革的训练应该结合以后的训练 , 学生可以提高学生的整体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有耐腐性、耐热性、耐磨性、耐磨性、耐磨性等优点 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	该控制器在纺织染料机械多功能驱动同步控制系统中应用 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论我国5种药物的分辨剂量可用于我国cx.pienspallen的耐药检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	对于大多数来说 , 目标是在昨晚的最后一次中期 , 但周维人坚持在13th葡萄的测量中 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短代码进行同步信息 , 结合快频采集相关代码传输的难点 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是导致服务方向和服务面向的技术架构之间的关系和区别 , 这是一个破坏它的方法 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件传递到 , 这使得它难以回溯到原始源的问题 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是目前国内外出现的bisdn和adsl的开发 , 短期不对称数字订阅循环的形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组装水电池是技术可行的 , 应该在水收集和水分灌溉项目中受欢迎的 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 学校积极寻求沃尔多夫毕业生作为潜在学生的潜在学习 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	本周 , 来自21个国家高级官员在夏威夷举行了亚太太平洋经济合作论坛的年度峰会 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	还讨论了城市环路建设的功能 , 运行阶段和环境路路线的必要性 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多目标结合脉冲可结合培养和松散 , 实现空实现了空实体共同培养方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	阳光强烈推荐了hinai'an , 揭示了男性和女性之间的平等概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	一些引擎开始了他们 , 他们把他们的背部转移到了火车上 , 开始从草坪上跳出来 , 他们的运动就像任何球迷们的运动 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	pyridoxine:在双盲、交叉研究中发现 , 比甲基苯乙酯的高活性儿童更有效 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国商业、进一步 , 对国家经济有着巨大的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您的收集和保持广东的作品和收集卡 , 收集行为也会成为工作的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每天看到他们平均满意性经验从2.7至4.5个月增加到2.7.5% 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江南地区低渗透长4+5储层的油气勘探潜力较好 , 具有良好的油气勘探潜力 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	这项研究将看看是否能否在病因伪装系统中破坏疾病的通讯系统 , 以防止疾病的疾病 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于特殊的地质特征 , 引入化学代理的一般方法并不适合亚层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	" 我并不说我们看起来很多 , " 玛丽说 , " 她说 , " 你不必要是贫困 。 " 我总是记得 。
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	它将表示 , 这种革命可能会超越或hijack , 硬线器和ocras在日末都有一定的预备 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	虽然iq和个人性测试可能不会对费纳思想的直接影响 , 他们的精神是测量、量化、识别之间的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	然而 , 沙箱已经墙壁 , 正如魏博现在不会与外国世界玩得很多 , 是一个严格的监测和刑事政策的主题 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	嗯 , 这是一个非常大的手机 , 如果你看完整的日子 , 那就会找到一个正面的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobraddock认识到 , 一个最大的障碍是消费者不能检查和触摸完美食品 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每个病人治疗 , 每年预算中 , 预算总额预算和2002-2005年总成本都有一定的变化 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 本发明了一种复合压力 , 具有摩擦压力和液压压力的优点 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	本月 , 印度议会辩论的 " 操作稳定 " 这个月 , 大多数人忽略了几年的问题 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究格里菲大学视觉媒体的基础 , 为他在格里菲的经验提供了一些有趣的观点 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在scoreboard上 , 几乎所有人都离开了站台 , 哈克斯显然离开了体育场 , 并且在停车中得到了很多 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	分析师说 , 目前的数字可能会建议一个步骤 , 分析师们说他们并不是中国贸易的定义指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译是在点上编辑的 , " 一个邮件在新加.com上附加到翻译的 , 一个流行web门户 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	分析了反垄断权制度的四个主要模式 , 指出有效的权力对抗垄断权威具有重要意义 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗跟踪 , 但当他看来 , 或她看作是一个手段 , " lucnoel博士补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	而且 " 更多 " , 园林地区、阿格兰、居民和工业土地将获得其峰值 , 然后降低稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbc报道 , 7月24日 , 德国德国杜伊斯堡西部的爱参数舞蹈节至少19人死亡 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象可以让我们做任何东西 , 即使是一个铁路综合症导致无过度行为 , 文学可以使我们任何东西 , 把我们放在任何地方 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成后 , 他删除了旗帜 , 珍惜他的嘴巴 , 一些圣威尔的中国人像14岁 , 少于25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年 , 位于利马附近的太平洋城市 , 建于1537年 , 是佩鲁最大的港口 。 人口264 , 133 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人做出一个融合的事情 , 我发现 , 这个建筑上的超级城市很差 , 没有一个古老的模具 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经历一个困难的时候 , 尝试学习外语 , 同时适应各种文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个男人在森林里打猎 , 终于失去了自己 , 他走过了焦虑的地方 。 黑暗他遇见了一位老女人 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	地球上最大链接地球上最大链接地球最大链 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	凤凰的羽毛覆盖了鸟体的身体 , 它们紧密关闭的葡萄酒创造了翅膀和尾巴的气动力表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	通常 , 将一个业务对象放置到另一个方面 , 即使是作为正常业务逻辑的一部分 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	但是 , 有时候 , 低铁店的疲劳干扰 , 尤其是在20和30岁的女性中 , 尤其是在她们20岁和30岁的女性之间 , 他们不吃很多肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 设计合理 , 运动可靠 , 该链的性质是由那些有害的链链链的组合而成的 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了减少沿海鸟的习惯压力 , 需要在核心区边缘建立水流池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	infoq:看起来 , 您的希望在谷歌宣布他们正在下降h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	麦当娜 , 切里·布莱尔和贝克汉姆斯都被威胁到他们的国内生活的海军 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	装备一夜vfrvvvvvvvvvvvr的航天器 , 然后回到您的秘密目标也更容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	酒吧和咖啡都填满了桌子 , 家庭在这里晚餐后 , 或是一杯葡萄酒的玻璃 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	据陈晓说 , 赵普林高级顾问 , 公司不能在经济衰退中产生利润 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界最大的矿业公司的发言人rubanyogarjah说: " 我们不要求欧盟的批准 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市指数 , 享受房价和低通货膨胀 , 更多的饲料银行家和借款者的经验感受更多 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是教师职业发展的重要基础 , 在教师的路由工作中扮演不可替代的部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	同时 , 除了其他运动women , 20岁的体育 , 前面的比赛 , 纳塔利港口人和萨尔玛·哈伊 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们得到有意义的结果 , 我们也证实了网格指数实际上是在后一部分解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	比如 , 在短期市场上 , 许多人指出宠物利润 , 股票明显的贫困也愿意保护或覆盖姿势 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者看起来很少被忽视 , 他的股票周一下跌了9% , 但在经常交易后 , 股价下跌了17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意 , 阿瑟并不愿意在丹伦的裂缝上工作 , 因为他有一个对话 , 他已经工作了一些时间 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公楼级别不适用:像farrar这样的经理们 , 超级了数百名艺术家的团队 , 是无根本的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	目前 , 只有16qam实验在空间通信中 , 它们的16qam是由传统方法制成的 , 其数据率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜修复技术是用小型切割、电镜和包装技术固定眼泪的技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	没有结婚不再结婚 , 父亲告诉我这是因为他们的家庭财富和过去的 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	为了一个电力俄罗斯舞蹈主题的tune , 玩家们将聚合物分成另一个 , 清理板 , 达到最多的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	一个危机解释说: " 你们完全适用于公园的大峰值 , 扩大的玻璃器和印象水下 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达是真的非常普遍的 , 在那时候 , 我不知道他是否是一个前面的老人拉腿 , 或者他是否真的是个简单的ton 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案 , 直接影响建设的投资和时期 , 确定了施工完成后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及荧光塑料链制造和应用技术 , 尤其是一种荧光塑性连接复合材料及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:探讨板底生长因子对不同根表面的附加和增殖作用 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	平壤 , 革命资本的平壤 , 正在推翻 , 社会主义公平面临着巨大的变化 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温微镜和xrd方法研究了硫酸钠水泥克林克氏菌的结合过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变量指令、多地址格式 , 只包含小量的通用目标注册 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	为了诚实 , 大多数人都没有用课堂内容做 , 因为我们教导了米歇根大学的任何学生都会学习 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自1979年中国重新恢复金融信任业务 , 信任业经历了六大改进和修改 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察新生儿哮喘的治疗效果 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南方的bp错误 , 联邦政府已经正确了 , 大多数人对皇家支付没有影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	结婚后 , 父亲试图安排 , 她在荷兰找到幸福 , 却失去了一个由穆斯林奖励的亲密朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过他们完美可视的机制 , 建立在天空楼的原则 , 虽然故事只有五个 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	但该公司通常并不给慈善 ; 它不贡献政治竞选 ; 它不应该是 , 理想 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	今年96岁的孙女布莱尔 , 贷款了100美元 , 一个火车站在第8年级 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖食机械厂是一家专业生产自动指导机械、龙南机械、发放机械业务 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理拉斐尔·贝尼特兹赞成了斯蒂文·杰拉德对他的婚姻的背景 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	cuimadam的观点是非常复杂的 , 准确的还有一些代表性的lixing要求彼得那么多的顾问 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了企业分配资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐述了pp和实现技术的结构 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	更新努力需要提高 " 三农村 " 的支持 , 即农村经济、农村发展和农村民主化 " 的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了圆纹光长流动的影响 , 假设是一种算法随机过程 , 对光纤环理由器进行了分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文采用概率和非概率学方法 , 描述影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	利用霍尔、氢阻塞硅油、六甲烷、d4合成了需要的氢硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨胰岛素总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨t抑制细胞功能的变化及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们在一起回到一起 , 垂直平衡的妹妹在普通时候 , 没有人太挑战 , 不要听 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	它服务在西方和东方的战斗中 , 运营 " 市场园 " 的战斗 , 以及阿森纳的攻击 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章讨论了李朝资本城市制度的相关问题 , 包括珠州城市与辽京之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但奥巴马总统预算主任彼得·奥尔兹说 , 共和党人只是对总统的税收建议的担忧 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	后来的力量要求不要解决:它的工作突出:这个缺陷的数量 , 内容也是有限的和事故的 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她保持她的时尚主义声誉 , 穿着t恤衫从她最喜欢的游戏中运动 , 通过携带她的个人化的咖啡 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本书中 , 记者:新心理学的成功、斯坦福德心理学家卡尔·德威克给我描述的名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称 , 为了成为任何更多智慧的人类大脑需要大量额外的能量和氧 , 我们简单不能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月222日监管员星期五在美国银行的五家银行 , 预计将是银行失败的一年 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构预计 , 今年全球石油需求增长400万桶 , 每天86.5亿桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也受到非印刷报纸读者的重视、听力和运动 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近的公共评论中 , 温先生已经向中国保持外商信心 , 经常与国际执行官相符合 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	假如时间器在段数据之前被认知 , tcp假设部分丢失或损害 , 并发送重新承诺 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	由于它与正常纳米二分辨率返回了结果 , 自然认为它具有相同的准确性和精度限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	结果 , 通过球向前方发布了一个完美的成绩 , 比完成准方程更容易 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司 , 进一步扩大了其生产能力 , 年度生产能力达到了2008年12月5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真结果表明 , 该仪器大大提高了l、c和r的参数参数的测量精度 , 并得到了更好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入社会的态度 , 大家都鼓励帮助我们自己的校园内的社会建设活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还展示他们可以分离整个文化肠微生物的社区 , 并创建一个 " 个性化 " 的细菌种 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在重建过程中 , 锁定板固定建设仍然必须保护完整的承载 , 直到联合签名是可见的 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还担心迈克尔·布莱克 , 但西森将在周二转向穆里尼奥的问题 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	参议院文件简单或写作论文 , 以及对党的参议题和审判法庭的法庭 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	可以证明提高客户机动力是否会在板板和密度反馈方面 , 是否会有意义地进化进化过程 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金使人更敏感 , 减少了社会形势下的失望 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置在缺陷位置 , 来解决这些地区的熔铁 , 所以缺陷成功避免了 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 符合zte的手工、团队、贡献、努力工作、微笑服务和客户携带的现实 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周改变的东西 , " 四川强调 , 解释了那些劳动数以外的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 年轻人已经被埋在银行上 , 我可以听到所有东西的深音乐 , 天空打开我它的星的心 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场反对圣娜的战斗 , 她失去了四次 , 赢得了一次比赛 , 这也太回到2010年 , 前面 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	" 我想要有一个孩子 , 但是我不想尝试 , 只是把它看起来 , " 麦当娜说 , " 这是那些奇怪之一 。
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过骨颗粒中多级有机矩阵现象 , 表明矿相与有机矩阵相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例患者有虚假积极的结果 , 包括11例自治不均衡 , 9例高血压 , 6例糖尿病和6例 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另外一个故事从未证明 , 帕帕诺达的兴趣严格是家庭的 , 参议员们对大熊的血液有血液 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了一种有效的dmus的方法 , 提供了制定决策和科学管理的参考依据 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果是谷歌地图的 , 当公司试图120kb页面大小的时候 , 公司开始增加30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑宁也说服了卫生 , 要获得女孩 , 诚信 , 让她印象她 , 并不要用非 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法甚至允许您在飞行上修改认证规则 , 因为所有的pamaware程序都开始应用新规则 , 无需在它们的代码中任何变化 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但我坐在我的山上 , 巴巴比人仍然在数千人中 , 几乎有些敢于野外的暴徒 , 知道他们肯定会死 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	因此 , 三分之三的长袖在顶部和心脏器是一种非常好的方法 , 使全臂上臂和上方身体 , 同时也不会有一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	介绍了广东电信的一些相关概念之后 , 重点介绍了广东电信的工作流技术的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	虽然汤姆意识到 , 但他不能与客户不合理的需求展示无合理的宣传 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对论文的优秀机会 , 它立刻攻击了他们所谓的非法干涉和破坏 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找交通额外的行星 , 同事们使用月球作为镜头看地球转移太阳的镜头 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填满了这座建筑 , 是一个完美的炉子 , 门被烧毁 , 地板基督并没有烧伤 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	联邦个人成员常常常回答这个叫做武器 , 参与国家范围的宠物驱动程序 , 将各种建议放在球场上 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 您如何准确地评估你对产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 并且不仅仅是在大鼠洞里挖掘进一步 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公共讲话也有利于 , 如果他成功地获得他的观众同意的话 , 那是一个信心的增长者和雇主们的信心 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	如今 , 在这里 , 比在你们的名字之后 , 你的工作讲话 , 你的名字并不匹配您的黑客能力 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	这说 , 有很多故事仍然在探索 , 留下去探索 , 让故事只是关于阿萨斯和利希王的故事是一个很短的观点 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体制逐步建立 , 高等教育体系在改革下 , 知识经济时代正来临 , 教育服务开放 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc已经发布的威胁 , 应该给国际社区疑问它在民主政府领导的准备 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	目前 , 人造建设监督的政策已经被过去几年中所取得的社会接受了明显的成就 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	心理健康专家说 , 大多数受抑郁症患者并不会得到适当的治疗 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	同时还讨论了交互多模式方法 , 实现了目标建模的统一和 " 目前 " 加速运动模型 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:本课程教学包括医学知识、诊断、医学技能、评估课程和评估 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	印刷行业的增长一直关注 , 如果我们可以使用密度测量和控制点色墨 , 或者不在考虑印刷过程控制的时候 , 就会有关 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在杨城市圣巴500kvehv传输线中 , 使用固定系列电容器 , 提高了线路的能量传输 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	路易斯坦尼亚和泰坦尼通常被认为是妹妹船的 ; 事实上属于两个独立的主人 , 但错误是可理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但目前的h1n1流感真的很明显 , 人们已经通过流感病毒传播到猪、土耳其和牛肉 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	伴随着我自己的愤怒者正在与格兰维尔的愤怒者在一天的记录中竞争 , 试图从前一天拿到28个鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr , 83岁 , 现在他儿子的30亿美元的菲律宾基金会 , 比尔&melinda基金会 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	这并不仅是开发人员 。 作为timo'reilly的开放显示 , 提到用户的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	北京仍有数千人死亡 , 在上周的地震之后 , 中国已经把第一个蓝印刷重建在上周的地震 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文研究了一种新方法结合目标转换因素分析和光谱图书馆搜索的方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	原因是 , 具有声音结构的知识基础 , 直接影响了专家系统的创新速度和有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	试验结果表明 , 液溶剂量对液化温度、催化剂量、液溶剂量的提高有明显提高 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先研究了宋华河水系统的自然性质 , 研究了冰箱的耐力性能 , 然后研究冰箱的开发性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	紧张的城市 , 州和联邦技术部门已经是由云计划周围迅速转变的一些机构 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是一种由一个孩子走门门户来购买的卡 , 为了获得一个学校项目赚钱 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	大多数人都不能从一定的乳酸细菌中吸出来 , 可以转化糖分子的长期分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济时期 , 一组生产区域和住宅单位作为整个社区 , 建立满足国家建设的需要 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划同时也满足斯特恩的其他预言 , 对于建筑效率和可再生能源 , 美国计划也满足了其它有效的绿刺激 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 卢迅是日本学生中最常见的中国作家 " 霍姆 " 作为日本学生所需的文本书 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单讨论了敏捷方法学的特点 , 并对传统软件开发方法进行了比较 , 介绍了几种敏捷方法 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%的患者的症状减少 , 囊肿显著降低或消失 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统操作简单、快速稳定 , 维护方便 , 接口良好 , 是其人口化和应用的有益 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智能分析师一致都认为中国进步的利率都是经济和技术的 , 都是经济发展的 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔法亚 , 另一条条条件 , 是世界上许多地区 , 马来利亚是濒危的 , 特别是非洲和东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍脑系统损伤ct的分类 , 探讨其诊断和预后的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验结果表明 , 该模型描述了piezocamic活动器的行为有效 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	用量相是gtaw联合微结构的主导性 , 而gtaw连接的低温冲击强度比智能联接更好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要中心你的孩子和孙子们的生活 , 寻找自己的社会环境 , 这样 , 你不会失望太多的期望 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	按照下列项目的绝对数量 , 应当按照下列项目的绝对数量 , 确定有效的结节数量 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公共性是建立和加强政府的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 要在圣地上做服务 , 祭司的圣洁服装 , 以及他的儿子的服装 , 到祭司的办公室 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验分析了硅橡胶释放剂在室温下的表面切削时间的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾性分析30例pelvic地板功能消耗的生物反馈疗法和护理 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引法 , 一个强大的内容由清晰、纯粹和焦点的思想开始吸引你希望的非常本质 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	为了重建心脏和心脏缺血的三维形象 , 心肌缺血区域从电子束ct的2维摄像 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	在前面的例子上 , 将x添加到脚本的开始 , 以及一个评论 , 并执行它 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究在评价咖啡因消费与肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用程序集成带来了多个应用程序和信息源 , 无需用户直接调用它们 , 关注应用程序与数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	而且 , 大多数气候变化都是贫困的:他们包括索马里、贝里尼、尼日利亚、阿富汗、阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行的利润现在正在达到2007年前的高峰 , 但增长和稳定市场的差异越来越大 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	此外 , fda可以启动一个管理回忆 , 如果机构决定成年或错误的婴儿公式给人体健康带来的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	danton是一名优秀的记忆家 , 他的观众在塞拉尔举行的观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行风格接口 , 许多商业软件被使用 , 是从年轻的外国手中开始的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母高化疗法是严重溃疡性结肠炎患者的安全有效方法 , 可以提高患者的组织学 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水质控制的高质量技术解决方案有关 , 从任务到混合器 , 从传递到展示头和发言 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构 , 提出了信息树的概念 , 并提出了一种新型的阻力测量 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管痛苦 , 我会努力完美我的生活 , 不会对你爱 , 不会对你感到不满意 , 我和你们玩十年的耐心 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	chteau拉戈尔在法国花园的珍珠 , 由著名的阿里克力一代圣诞生的三个兄弟戈尔 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建课程设计的实施和管理系统是实现课程设计的前提和保障 , 系统地运行课程设计和培训综合应用人才 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	阿尔巴尼斯现在将导致一个挑战 , 努力赢得个人机构 , 保障大多数人必须批准这一交易 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一名警察学院的演讲中 , 朱大承认 , 南非最高的谋杀率之一 , 去年有18 , 000人死亡 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警方在中国云南省和泰国港的船上发现了920 , 000名菲律宾桌子 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	向中非发送军队发送军队 , 直到麦克里冲突是一个更糟糕的症状 , 干预主义援助正在增长 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	试验结果表明 , qh4节约能源海岸设备具有显著的燃料 , 使得汽车车辆和任何道路条件下的任何模型有效 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这种方法对clivus有点突出 , 但可以提供广泛的暴露 , 实现了两边矩阵的方法 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	这三个意识到 , 男人是对天战胜的关键 , 因此 , 自从开始开始开始 , 就会改变他们刚性的年龄 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	cubic的仿真系统 , 基于奥兰多 , 生产和制造 , 包括其实际和鲁棒模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法 , 给出了地面结构安排的基本思想 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的范围远大 , 许多美国人认识到根品牌改革不仅需要暂时修复 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅会使 " 社会财富 " 的 " 变得更大 , 同时也将其分布在合理收入制度的基础上 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	在治疗25分钟压力下 , 亚伯格斯的新鲜时间达到了1824天 , 治疗两次压力的250倍 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	这是一个相似的塑料前面和橡胶的小板 , 作为79美元的非触摸模型 , 但很少按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	由于我们的团队需要连接到数据库并设置多个jbos容器 , 我们使用panel来促进网站特定信息的用户 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 在第一次闪烁的时候 , 这些光和粒子的交互看起来像魔法 , " 极性分子 " 是量子光学的光学 。
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个邪恶的国王克劳迪斯 , 希望在他父亲的死亡 , 姐妹们要破坏哈密特 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论 , 我们可以通过观察病理大小的病理学和准确检查 , 应该在手术后进行路由检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	在地面上 , 一个盐标志的时候 , 喷气的出口者们会从喷雾机场中落出一些距离 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经历了相似的经验 , 在战斗贫困和追求发展中 , 我们完全欣赏他们面临的艰苦和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	将数据交换为客户和服务之间的格式定义为xml的xml模式 , 显示了在线咖啡服务的xml模式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题报告说 , 有些媒体指责中国黑客的网络和编写对我们的战斗机喷射的信息 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 南非平均的非洲人口只有9.2%的人口定义为白色 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海鸡果中含有丰富的蛋白、脂肪和碳水化物 , 还有各种主要维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	员工工作满意度可分别解释公司转向注意力 , 工作性能达到49.38% , 58.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	owen试图为一个年轻的成绩 , 击败了这个邮件 , 并且迫使罗伯托·阿伯尼亚里和一个美妙的伦比亚 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	1920世纪初 , 民族化记者出现了20世纪早期 , 是政治和经济体制的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双色荧光和流动细胞分析方法对不同层次、血液时间和洗涤时间进行了比较 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	命运已经成功了两个世界级的目标 , 我们的灵感领导人jt , 信息wingerarjroben和影响中场jole 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车和视频、电力机、智能计、太阳能汽车、电力工具、军事应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	詹米·威尔森说: " 仅仅仅仅仅仅仅有一半小时才能帮助其他人帮助你的生活和他们的生活 。 "
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	鉴于我国公共卫生的责任 , 紧张官员面临着这样的情况 , 几乎总是错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在改革中加强了更多协议 , 发展中国家的改革 , 以增加发展中国家的代表 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	艾德::: " 、 " 、 " 、 " 、 " 、 " 、 " 、 " 、 " 等等 。
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对孕妇的影响更加紧张 , 如果孕妇的死亡率更高 , 而孕妇的死亡率更高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	快乐一旦 , 我的朋友 , 我的一些笑话 , 为了有趣 , 只有很多阿森特电影只能看到一名杰出的观众 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	更多的阻力是 , 当我们想要安装第六个战争的时候 , 作为股霍尔姆大学物理学教授的教授 , 然后作为记录 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的是安全的版本 , 但是我不认为历史上有一个单个例子 , 在那里一个炸弹威胁被称为安全的威胁 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这可能意味着不同的事情 , 不同的spy环的成员迈克哈利·莱贝姆诺夫说 , 一个被称为冷战空间的退休的颜色 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们还发现 , 男性和女性工人之间的方法几乎没有差异 , 认为职业驱动女性在薪水谈判期间只是 " 竞争力 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	大尼尔洛说: " 美国北美的正确连接 " , 虽然我们在欧洲和亚洲有我们的 " amadus " 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然气候 , 如洪水 , 热带循环 , 龙头和潮潮潮潮都发生在这里几乎每年都有悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	soap<>cobol非xml转换可以与ibmwebsphere转换器开发 , 以执行网络处理策略内的消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	这些形态变化很少在组2.结论:hbo结合nimipine和音乐对高可发性icvd的恢复效果很大 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际的探索方法 , 利用地震波实现的方案计算了周围岩的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	虽然该地区有很多实践和政治困难 , 但利益可能是巨大的 , 远超过碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 一些新的例子:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等 , 从传统中国的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻炼、润滑油泵喷雾、扩展齿轮寿命 , 确保长期打印染色精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	青明节 " 河流场景 " 的著名图片也将在中国古代城市中展现出其表现 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受的时候 , 这个知识的结果每次都会更新 , 它的权力总是会直接向自己的行为 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	这是不基督徒 , 相信结束的意思 , 即使神的王国也不足够好 , 就算是给人造成危害的意思 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高能量风隧道试验 , 研究了一种常规的循环形变化和力体 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果mutanolysin和淋巴酶都能成功地解决细菌墙 , 并从bifido细菌中提取物质 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨腹腔癌患者的疗效和安全性 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子膨胀阀的流动特性 , 应适应超热收益 , 在不同的蒸发温度下 , 适应超热的流量 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	11和slomon给了hiram2万的小麦作为家庭食品 , 除了2万浴 , 还有十万的橄榄油 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定在2001年以来 , 甘肃基础教育项目在欧盟基础教育项目的缺点 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef的临床疗效和毒性 , 评价当地早期乳腺癌治疗的临床疗效 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	为加强医疗业的组织和协调 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步加强医疗业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	这种喷射在动物分割中可看到一部分是印度的象征 , 以庆祝国家独立的70年 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车、大型、小型飞行车辆、箱子车辆、观测总线、无论是私有汽车或公司汽车可能上海贷款 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了对触摸屏的物理变化之外 , 触摸屏技术也在移动设备上使用了一种新的软件交互 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果、选择蓝莓酱、巧克力酱、草莓酱、菠萝酱、芒果酱等 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行业的发展面临着各种挑战 , 包括纤维、企业在外国和发展中国家的多样化 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	他们在氯塑膜结构、皮质复杂、电子输送部件和照片合成功能方面都有很大的不同 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	探讨改性型tvp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 改性了tvp3的融合蛋白的效果 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了桩壁类型大直径圆柱的稳定性 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	有些人都不相信 , 相信有数百万富翁 , 数百万富翁 , 数百万富翁 , 同我们相对正常 , 钱意识的人 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	1969年 , 前军队殖民的力量在27岁的紧张年代 , 已经完全恢复了自己的形象 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	斯蒂文·杰拉德今天拯救了利物浦的德比日胜利 , 坚持红军正在放松赢得最高四场比赛的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了预防大规模细胞培养、环境控制、预防技术和材料管理的方法 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	左y并不知道 , 无论如此危险的话题 , 这是不好的 , 请求一个人格和刷子品种的个性 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	据本地丹麦报道 , 利物浦正在唱歌bjerj-kohlert在一项三年的交易中报道 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	沙街18号法国信贷农业银行 , 沙街60号 , 江南沟通是新鲜的作品 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	大学生在思想和政治方面工作的工作 , 是思想与政治工作的草原指挥者和教育者 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct电流变换器是使用amter、控制电路和保护电路的仪器转换器 , 通常有5个ampere二级 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 剩下几天 , 然后在一步的皮肤里 , 干燥的水果 , 公园层 , 所有都是从绿种子中扭转 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声修正方法相比 , 中后脉冲响应函数的非线性适应方法更好 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	简介:小宝和母亲给了母亲在他的坟墓上 , 小宝突然下跌 , 回到10年之前 , 回到了10年 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	一个业务流程强度中心可以为这些需求提供一个中央存储库 , 并且在云中保持它 , 使得它容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	研究结果表明 , 通过实验测量相对相同的方法 , 通过实验测量 , 降低了范围模型的表面温度分布 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	聚合物填料作为聚合物填料的重要方向 , 降低了聚合物产品成本和提高产品性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	10月两千八日 , 迈克尔·波兰在纽约时代出版的时候写了一封信 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人、质量第一 " 是我们的十字 , 金子们将继续创造合作产品 , 我们邀请你建立未来的独立 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:冠状折射具有最好的抗蚀特性 , 最适合于本窑中最适合应用 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 给我国市场带来了机会 , 信用已经成为限制社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	六艘美国战舰周围的船只 , 确保武器在火山地区的其他地方并不采取 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	混合性质明显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显示出孕期、水果大小、水果大小和颜色 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但是 , 即使是对气候变化的问题 , 即使是对气候变化的重大成本不完全回答 , 这是答案的重要部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有新型的结构 , 具有艰难、耐久性 , 特别适用于各种各样的货车类型的修复 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	刘安亚西部地区的大部分地区被称为萨莫吉利亚 , 这些毒品是最严重的婴儿单位 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了新概念研究的方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左宫颈切除术治疗颈癌和部分颈癌切除术的左颈切除术 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	经济增长预计 , 联邦储备的增长可能会引发另一轮债券购买 , 试图将长期借贷成本降低 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了山西的土壤水分含量及其在路基础和切割坡的动态 , 研究了山西地区内蒙古沙漠表达式 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会表示 , 今天美国大学教授的六十八%的老师任务都受到调整 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量、集成传感器、转换器和集成器 , 并介绍了在此基础上 , 并对其表示 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	光线的触发代表了世界贸易中心失去的二十塔 , 它只显示了9/1攻击的很多纪念之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该信任人员的重要工作 , 使坟墓错误和态度仍然不好 , 他们应该被剥夺到当前的排名和完美 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制基因ppp的作用及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是鲍丹尼 , 领导人一般是pica 。 保卫人 " 电话每天都在读者对idyllic假期的更多信息 " 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	qcg系列常规的运动管道运动泵用于处理清洁水或其它液体水的处理 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	非常规的代理 , 例如代理人类所引起的香港西班牙语法治疗 , 与人类各种切割症有关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	介绍了一种降低阶观测器重建外系统的状态 , 可以解决ootc法的物理实现问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	针对粗糙集理论中的连续间隔评价属性 , 提出了一种强调分类可分性的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	今年11月 , 中国空气防御系统展示了一个强烈关注可部署、多功能武器和出口市场的重点 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔子病人应该保护安静环境法院的处理 , 可以使用螺旋法来减少患者的痉挛、瘫痪和痛苦 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , nilm应该作为替代 , 沃尔夫斯堡可能愿意降低他们的价格 , 减少他们的格局 , 允许罗斯尼亚人来警察 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动循环识别电池sc的自适应控制策略 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	随着信任研究的多文互动和omnibeing的现状 , 对于其哲学维度来说 , 信任研究的现状是不利的 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	霍斯纳和他的同事研究表明 , 大坝的极端沉淀模式特别是在阿迪或半岛地区的极端沉淀模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿的苏联对其后院的影响下 , 美国南美政策已经降低了重要性 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 德国两名代理人发现了英国情报的两种类似的代码 , 然而 , 声明的文件揭示了 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新的稳定添加剂 , 改善了fcc柴油燃料的颜色变化和沉积形成 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	2007年第三季度 , 净收入达到54亿美元 , 或每股4% , 从净收入下跌151亿美元 , 或11美分 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	尽管英语最受欢迎的信 , 但它并不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时代主席阿瑟·苏伯格周四下午评论 , 除了说 , 除了说 , 除了说 , 除了说 , 除了说 ,  , 外 ,  , 纽约时代主席阿森·苏格下降 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	动态 , vivid , 工作流的个性成为客户的紧急需求 , 用wfms应用范围扩展和应用程序实现扩展 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指部长进入大量的煤矿 , 迅速从工人中间的一些污染物被用水洗在各种组件上 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	麦克伦南 , 另一方面 , 感觉更多 , 说她喜欢她前工作的方面 , 特别是钱和 " 石星 " 的机会 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	由于我们每周花费了四十多小时 , 就业生涯和长期性 , 你的工作地方是有可能的 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	这是使用odbc的冗余实践 , 作为应用程序的初始化 , odbc函数与数据库系统有着广阔的应用 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在八年之后回到巴基斯坦 , 在卡拉希前几个月前 , 只有一次自杀炸弹袭击 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分裂了糖尿病 , 给了半个地方 , 用扩张的尼古素 , 一个药物提高了血液中的hdl水平 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	好吧 , 你可以伸展它 , 说 , 一个例子来改善人类健康的例子是从一个地方到另一个地方 , 但这比我要做的更多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者周一决定在星期一发言 , 亚洲和欧洲的小时下跌了643.76点 , 或5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	在这里 , 我已经发现的星系配置是一个线程图 , 您可以更好地完成这个很大的环境检测 , 或者很容易结束 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 缅甸的佛教思想的研究比其他人更少 , 尤其是大成九六月的内容和意义研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多公司的规定 , 鼓励美国的sarbanesoxley行动 , 以及其他措施设计清理企业行为将是企业行为 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	您可以嵌入媒体 , 更好地说明一个主题 , 为自己建立信用性 , 同时与其他人协作提高你的kol 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	介绍了mvc2的创新思想 , 以及基于mvc2的访问控制系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史蒂尔在接下来宣布利比亚的评论是独特的 , 丑陋的 , 让利比尔对史蒂尔的能力引导党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而他们的夏天更有可能涉及城市娱乐中心 , 蒸汽黑客 , 或者在公共池或一个消防水力转化的泉 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	利用这些参考 , 中国应当完成教育投资制度 , 给出基础教育、加强教育机构等优先发展 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它袭击了这座岛屿 , 杀死了两名军兵和两名民兵 , 因为南方忽略警告不会在岛屿周围的争端水 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:基于整体策略实现创新思想的能力 , 我们可以从用户经验获得最好的结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 在超级机器人战争中 , 科学家肯诺克·苏尔也被认为是 " 法律行动 " 的报告 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着我国的战略和领导产业的发展 , 高科技产业吸引了很多fdi , fdi逐步成为我国高科技产业的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季 , aol表示 , 自己的成员达到了36%的独特访问者的网站 , 但产生了80%的页面视图 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但最终 , 我们决定跳过去 , 回到酒吧厅 , 沿着旅行者安杰和加入 , 还在探索城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	加利福尼亚的宪法改变 , 直到48小时后 , 物理学家认识小鼠的父母或法律卫生 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	早期种子的大多数胚胎可能是由于非正常内皮核分裂而发展的全球胚胎相位 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理教育应该教育专业知识 , 使独立思维和培养生命学习习习的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总战机 , 将成为我们最新的发展的基础 , 介绍了全部3d海军战斗的第一次 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生将能利用学习的知识和方法 , 在未来的情况下 , 学生们会学习相关材料 , 找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论冠状动脉内皮下 , 手术效果满意 , 治疗冠状骨折的形成和机械因素 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	政治家们一直在谈到人口崩溃 , 奥巴马先生实际上承认自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	wii的模式在于其它地方 , 更少你的发型选项是有限的某些颜色和三种风格选择的原因 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本论文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律收集权的时候 , 完全运行这个权利 , 可以有效保护自己的工作权利和利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	奥巴马总统在同一联合峰会上 , 奥巴马总统给了强烈的扭转 , 但他面临着对国内反对 , 提出了碳切削 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿在2008年民主选举的时候 , 有时候通过声音邮件来回来 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践表明 , 希望满足、物质勘探和日常生活中存在的外部戏剧现状 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	所有真正平衡球员的平衡信号将通过完全平衡 , 直到达到平衡的头脑输出连接器 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为 " 大国 " , 聚集世界各种政治 , 美国认识到中亚是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	在英国哥伦比亚大学的英国哥伦比亚大学 , 最常见的是gregorkiczal , 目前在英国哥伦比亚大学工作 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	帮助类型的帮助可能会在工作、方向、交通或其他支持 , 保留自己或她的雇员 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	那里有一个场景 , 苏金终于去了她的家里 , 终于把所有的东西放在邮箱里 , 然后把钥匙放到邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元法分析外界环境对电导混凝土的影响 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp经理说他们经常听到 " 反对 " 如此 , " 反对是华盛顿短缺 , 为美国总统 " 的 " 华盛顿 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2美国认识到国际机构、外国政府和其他代表人员和他们的家庭成员的存在 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 国内外交易所所发行的相关进口宣言形式 , 应当向外汇交易所提供的支付 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	本文以板块和壳的经典理论为基础 , 采用两种有限的产率条件作为材料的产率标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	中国对马来西亚和新加坡保持良好的经济贸易关系 , 三国都是互相交易合作伙伴的重要贸易伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	本月的专栏提供了更深入的描述ibm支持者的帮助 , 包括最新的特征 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1例可靠的胶囊岩条件可以直接对煤矿甲烷分散和直接限制甲烷脱矿 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的照片显示了几十个小孩在吉卡尼体育厅内玩坏人 , 这是用空气净化系统装备的 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	图5说明了一种脉冲宽度生成器的例子 , 根据本发明的另一个实例 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一家创造的道路 , 经历了一场合作公路和传统的法院住宅 , 只是东方的王府府购物区 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国民族成员投票 , 来自纽西兰各个博物馆的16名马里斯的博物馆 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国正喜欢建立和平建设委员会 , 更有效地协调和平努力 , 直到努力 , 后续冲突恢复和发展 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系 , 劳动法是劳动关系调整劳动关系的主体 , 应该是劳动关系的特殊性 , 劳动关系较窄 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师做了 , 他们会创造一个日本产品 , " 希特奥斯基解释道 , 他总是帕纳森的海外操作 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	天鹅提供了许多水果和蔬菜的黑色颜色 , 比如蓝莓和红辣椒 , 它们是黑米 " 黑米 " 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站说: " 几乎地震导致了墙壁崩溃、飞行玻璃和下跌物体的结果 。 "
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	大多数平原和高原地区 , 大多数地区分为平原和高原 。 麦当尼尔在这个国家中心附近是一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的按钮 , 一个微型计算机锁定其他地板的门 , 并设置回收容器转换直到右键键 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	该药物在干燥类型的早期稻米 , 干燥年的强度和时间超过正常年期的种类 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	高级副总裁、高级副总裁、销售和市场台江酒店的酒店拥有荣誉 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国高兴宣布 , 与参加俱乐部的比赛和佐桑·托伊斯和阿德姆·卢杰吉斯参加俱乐部的球员达到协议 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我走过发展中国家时 , 问自己最大的单一解释是经济性能的大多样性 , 它落在这个领域 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前已完成了许多外套工程框架 , 目前尚未完成该框架的设计方法 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是在夏季冬季的热量和冷却 , 由气体直接燃料吸收式气体吸收式冷却器实现 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	我结束的身体位置-----与网球之间的球队在我的球队和球队之间 , 很相似 , 你的联系点将在你实际上服务的时候 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	用扫描电子显微镜对l9细胞进行培养 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚大学的精神意味着不同时期的不同意义 , 但青明的发展中华文化的诺贝意义总是在其中 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	camide是细胞膜中发现的一种脂肪类型 , 而且它们也作为身体应力响应的信号 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司已经建立其现金水平达到609亿美元 , 其中包括股票和其他投资 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据报道 , 今年8月份 , 官方工作失业率 , 收集了政治家和公共人群的关注 , 报道 , 今年8月 , 高达9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例手术切除术后患者手术切除术后的临床诊断进行比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然的地理景观 , 由人类作为一种旅游资源 , 我们称为旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角色:它变成绿色 , 因为soda水含碱 。 像soda水这样的东西 , 可以转化成绿色 , 被称为碱性物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着舞蹈的发展 , 随着社会的开放 , 永久的戏剧在唐代存在 , 永久的戏剧变得越来越频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是脚板类型 , 它舒适 , 方便 , 可明显降低骑手的劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食品的变化很容易 , 感受到 , 影响饮食通常 , 满足护理吸收的情况 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	九月21日 , 他从温州到美国 , 离开了15亿元债务 , 使中国银行和个人债务者都有1.5亿元 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心表示 , 地震测量了3.8 , 大约80公里南部的80公里 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于推出时 , 他的酒吧铅笔和腹部组织被从身体上升起来 , 他短暂死在那里 , 阿布扎杀了什么 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属框架复合房 " 广泛应用于石油、化学、药物、食品消费、存储和运输等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求编程工具集应该适用于标准程序的标准程序的标准程序的标准程序 , 要求系统提供程序工具集 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	本课程要求基本问题 , 如何是自然化的电荷 , 为什么我们不能找到一个孤立的磁场或南极 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 巴拉蒂亚湾沿岸的路易斯安亚湾海岸 , 一个死的涡轮浮动物 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论白细胞cd18和mpo的水平降低 , 大鼠岛体重复损伤期间叶细胞数量降低 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计要求150名高档警察训练任务 , 进一步从中等国家来自150名中等国家 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持omc实施是一个现实选择欧盟 , 尽管欧盟不足以帮助欧盟实现健康保健整合 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文主要包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但太阳在我们的背上 , 带有限的时间 , 为什么我们能看到它 , 所有神秘的神秘保护 , 从巴西亚的ramparsbasila的rampars ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	在10年以来 , 由于rgs进入了 , 大约有10个高产、高品质的稻品种 , 给吉林省带来了巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类广告 , 都在印刷和网上 , 看看什么是可用的 , 要在一个特定的邻居中 , 得到最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	在一个独特的航空实验中 , 最近 , 170个座位boing7被制成在墨西哥南部的一个遥控装置 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我告诉司法非常开始试验 , 我们通常必须跳到每天生活中 , 是因为这项试验的目标 , 现在悬挂 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	这实际上 , 我描述的是我在这里是一个平衡的意义 , 它是在这里的孤独 , 通过帕尔帕里 , 被设计为权力设计的 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了fog成像多分散模型 , 提出了基于blur度的fog含水量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	由于具有良好的育种和遗传系统的理想模型 , 被认为是一种完整的国产昆虫 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机回到了500英尺的1500英尺 , 修改了我的空气 , 为了展示中心 , 我离开大约500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者不要做出决策 , 如液体所有低危机的政府债券 , 为了减少绿色的纸费只是一分钟 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的青年里 , 劳伦斯基斯通常在政治和宗教的父亲 , 但他也承认他爸爸的承诺帮助贫穷和家庭 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果和大多数性能 , 城市可以从事实上 , 即使是10个人都能给我们一个比赛 , 直到第二个目标 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该称这些iphone类似 , 触摸屏幕wifi手机 , 音乐和视频 , 真正的web浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 传感器 , 上面 , 应用程序 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果自动旋转km-5000d微震系统包括三个部分:微量系统、双电子动力装置和控制板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方工作的印象 , 盖茨基金决定采用预防和外部的模型 , 并在12个省内重复它 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管在本月早些时候 , 英国的错误也将加入法国、德国和意大利 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	但另一方面 , 随着贸易和产业贸易的增长 , 这是由多国企业带来的 , fdi对贸易有积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动图表将展示投资者如何在购买更多微软选项时 , 或持有几个中国股票 , 或短期油价 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和他们的病人一直担心罗斯塔尼酮的心血管安全 , 由于新英格兰医学新闻媒体的元分析报告 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	当袭击时 , 一些昆虫的物种包括豆类和肉类活跃地被袭击 , 但是 , 这种极端的措施并不明显 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民事应用中的广泛应用 。 介绍了飞机轨道系统 , 并介绍了其应用实例 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 根据中国规定 , 给出了灰度、灰度和混凝土厚度 ; 最终厚度 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	能源价格周二轻松 , 油价每桶134.01美元 , 每桶4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	官员表示 , 即使其主人缺乏所有六个要求许可证 , 它在全国的财产全面看到了三年内的国有矿产 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国人来说 , 他们希望找到从我们可以学到的国家 , 同时 , 潜在的疑问或歧视我们可能会得到奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州长在六月三日宣布第三周日 , 华盛顿国务卿梅德维夫人比1909年记得更多 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	据世界首席国际卫生组织报道 , 今天召唤联合行动 , 加快开发和许可高效疟疾疫苗的发展 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面对南方抓住最好的观点 , 并且在下面2.5米以外 , 防止玻璃进入房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	设计你的线程安全课程 , 允许它在多线程应用程序中使用 , 作为一个非线程安全课程 , 但具有更高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	1979年至1990年 , 美国生产力越来越大 , 每年增长1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但研究人员建议 , 如果减弱趋势持续 , 即使在今年9月夏季夏季蒙索森月中 , 即使在今年夏季 , 就会有更严重的循环 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 本文还对南东省海河的再生和转型实例进行了研究 , 分析了其背景和课程的经验 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气通过传统真空喷射器的大面积 , 所以在工作过程中 , 高压空气消耗高 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	民主党如霍伊先生指责布什行政赤字大大大程度上 , 继承预算 , 但离开办公室的缺陷 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了在公共互联网上出现的sparql终点外 , 其他人出现了火墙 , 让企业数据的交叉查询 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据《时报》报道 , 切丽·布莱尔的妻子 , 当她在20世纪中期是一名训练律师的时候 , 美国时候 , 美国总理托尼·布莱尔的妻子 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	在距离战斗期间 , 战斗者从未出现的形状或极端的气体 , 但两者都会在第二半场比赛中面临一场比赛 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	此结果可以通过数值和图形在开发的软件中显示出来 , 另外 , 工作界面很容易使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	现在您可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员验证 , 以便使用您的管理员用户 , 只留下wpserverid 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvclike模型作为一个例子 , 您可以应用丰富的web应用程序背景到任何模型和页面设计方法 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能导致星期三收入 , 同时 , 参与持续好 , 许多俱乐部已经冻结或减少股票价格 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视上 , 一名新闻记者说 , 副总统在历史上有最大的竞选战争支持 , 因此 , 奥德森最喜欢赢得她的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的双向性能 , 设计了一种双向高精度高温控制器 , 具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	虽然福特公司是美国去年最好的销售车辆 , 但在2010年的最高十个外国拥有的模型上有六个外国人 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 一个傻瓜不开放鸡蛋或重新开放后 , 发出鸡蛋和甜蜜 , 形成卵巢 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们并不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们比如其他公司一样 , " 公平场 , 康纳最近在网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	2003年 , 他面临了一项关于法国的调查 , 他在2003年参加了一名年轻小说家 , 并在纽约的公民服装 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适是最好的 , 混凝土的风险比填充式钢板操作的时候更低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的是 , 他和妻子将在每月收到约600元 ; 在忙碌的时候 , 当生产跑到2am , 他们可以回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想、信心、爱情、抱怨、抱怨 , 除非你对他们行动的话 , 我可以做几句话 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论在周五在北空军飞行周五被逮捕了一个小型爆炸 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队已经尝试了许多 " 偶像 " 的风格选择展示 , " 金金说 , 前2007年的英雄是最好的 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们认为他们是非常相似的事情 , " erik说 , 28岁的助理教授 , 指数学和艺术 , " 他们都是创造性的过程 。
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生提高调查 , 他可能试图展示反对成员 , 他对他们的预算和税收政策有关 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一家高级公司发给我一个/c的样品 , 我不喜欢样品 , 然后我把样品送到这家公司 , 同一家 , 现在我们正在做好好的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	研究了35例rti和血锌值的关系 , 比较了40例无rrti的40例患者的血锌值 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择它之后 , 主题将会发现一个银狮: " 破碎的腿 , 我将能在床上看电视 , 无吉利 。
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文采用宁波作为对象 , 并对目前科学和技术资源的现状进行了详细的研究和探索 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	在交通事故的损失 , 由于非摩托车司机或一个行车的驱动员 , 机动车辆的驱动员不应承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金供应商 " 项目 , 为了政府提交新车辆的购买 , 以代替旧能源工程车辆已经广泛应用 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	本文讨论了双共振振振振荡的阈值条件 , 当信号光吸收系数不同时 , 信号光的吸收系数是不同的 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人访问外国 , 甚至访问香港 , 我们自己国家的一部分 , 很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	2007年8月15日 , 支持者准备了大量的内扎拉总统胡戈·查德斯在卡萨斯州的国家成员建立 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	采用计算机仿真方法对agwwwww电接触材料的耐电性和耐电性的影响进行了考察 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰和美学的传统方式 , 提出了解决和对称的表现 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	汽车从洛杉矶到华盛顿的城市 , 作为抗war抗议员阻碍了主要交通 , 有些链接自己一起 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为一个由多个计算机组成的下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它通过同步的序列门口交换命令和数据采集系统 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的请求越来越重要 , 对于微波通信设备的性能包括coupler、分裂器 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	徐志的历史观点 , 圣与道之间的关系不仅有逻辑一致性 , 而且在不同历史阶段也具有丰富的多样性关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许芝加塔与客户请求的颜色交付巴纳 , 这些颜色都会在九分之九的尺寸从绿色到深黄色 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	这里 , 一个网站曾经意味着加工花费的核燃料棒 , 一个普通的纺织厂正在建立商店 , 以服务自动建设行业 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	同时也证明了一种高度生殖性的高度 , tcb是一种非侵袭性、简单、易于监测和筛选设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	数千英尺地下 , 晶体的洞穴只是一系列闪烁的洞穴之下 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	库普克财富表现主要表现出来的可能性 , 在赛季中期 , 只有36%的比赛kopck拍摄平均只有36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	自从最小的侵袭手术仍然是 " 主要手术 " , 所有普通的并发症例如心脏病、风险甚至死亡都很少 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	天江 , 深兴县在晚清时期 , 早清时期 , 他的佛教名字是香港 , 是新南艺术学院的首席领 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了纳米胶囊制备的木材料的知识调节原理 , 建立了理想的热吸附模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理、正确 , 为我们目标建立最佳产品 , 满足客户的质量程序 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山金矿是我国第一次艰苦的岩石矿 , 采用机械上升的水平滑石阻止方法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	数据库表中的所有值都是由用户提供的同一个密码 , 同样的加密算法 , 同样的加密模式和相同的密码模式 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	选举电影 , 由比尔东美国特色8个世界级旅行业 , 8个外交国家 , 1个人总值纳贝和一支猪肉 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	逆向弯曲形式的弯曲弯曲弯曲 , 轻轻轻的弯曲 , 连续玻璃包装和优雅的周围 。
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	本文介绍了宝钢的预冷钢的进展 , 介绍了宝钢的质量、品种和问题 , 提出了生产中存在的建议 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	自由主义 , 二十世纪早期的动作 , 拒绝整个机构 , 试图通过强调机器和电影对当代生活进行探讨 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	劳动合同制度的前一部分: " 劳动合同制度 , 注意到许多问题 , 第五个要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同提供有效的时间 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通讯产品、个人数字辅助、观看钟、各种仪器、办公机械、计算机、汽车电玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它的原本意义是 , 狐狸借着老虎的肥胖 , 它们的意义是由某些人对其他动物产生的影响而导致人们的影响 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马高血压大鼠心脏保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	实例表明 , 水电工程通常建立了铝电解厂的物质量 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	它是一种吸烟烟叶的木材类型 , 烟叶的烟雾暴露 , 使烟草的烟雾使得烟雾离开了不同的味道 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们重点关注了基于多级分区策略的指标和搜索器的设计 , 提出了一种新的指标分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨胃运动对大脑功能活动的影响 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	给出了多变预测极度自测回收算法的稳定性和全球转换性能分析 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种平板热管制造方法 , 包括以下步骤:提供上盖板和下盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	这座庙里的主要建筑是大厦 , 超大厅 , 钟塔 , 脚本上 " 夜钟钟 " 、地图第一层地板 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于沥青混凝土材料的温度依赖于自然 , 测量的反射 , 因此与温度变化的结构能力 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年刘在国内外地位和国际地位的战略目标和角色作为人口合理规模的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	采用氨基合成气相代替纯氢气 , 可以直接制备脂肪水解的脂肪成分 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同时 , 学者认为 , 它的意识基本上是由于边界感觉经验 , 与浅层皮肤胶囊产生的边界感觉经验 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最终 , 该系统可以使用软件或硬件处理 , 例如给出异常、功率、停止放电、停止放电、停止放电等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是适应经济的重要手段 , 税收制度的安排可以大大地影响非稳定企业的发展 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	如果利比昂被严重的话 , 最高的是大气中燃烧的话 , 底部将飞行到地面的 " 地面 " 的力量 , 根据利物浦说 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	前一天 , 德国核反应堆最终被关闭的时候 , 阿格拉·默克尔的中央联盟是因为讨论德国核反应堆的日期 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	应用隐喻理论、家庭的道德体系和当代美国政治研究 , 具体研究总统的双重意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	事件人指出 , 两家公司现在将在更低利润 , 预计这个市场股票 , 依赖高营利游戏的应用 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 邓国在世界上最快增长的疾病负担之一 , 今天 , 许多地区的病例报道 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫利亚社会调查显示 , 超过70%的关于他们的时期的关注 , 对于600名妇女1645岁的调查显示 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会遇到转换xml数据的任务 , 转换为xhtml , 传输一个吸引力、互动性和可用的接口 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	像一个拯救的职业生涯咨询师或金融计划师一样 , 正确的顾问可以帮助你建立一个坚实的基础 , 同时 , 通过你打开你的门 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢向你展示 。 " 奥运会是人类航天飞机的下一代 , 被一些nasa工程师描述为 " apollo " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	整个小时完全失去工作平衡 , 导致你失去爱人 , 更多人通常不要 , 导致你失去睡眠的时候 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在库尔德的传奇中 , 假期庆祝了库尔特的交易 , 它被看作另一个表现为库尔德的支持 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	首先 , 乘客们得到相同价格的直接指导 , 对于自由的玻璃 , 教练乘客支付6美元的通道消费 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动比越南等地方更昂贵 , 为什么我们也不能在那些廉价国家制造的努力呢 ?
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选取了适合的加固方法 , 比如注射根桩、非滑桩、锚杆等各种加固方案 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 现在的情绪是 , 他的辞职很可能接受 , 但没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫官员告诉金融时报道 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文综合应用图像处理中多尺寸小波分解和ssan操作符 , 然后得到了特征点的位置 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	一名 " 坏苹果 " 可以传播负面行为 , 如病毒带来办公室友或破坏良好的团队 , 根据新研究的冲突 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 所有产品开发能力都是关于产品开发能力 , " 日本首席执行官yoshikatanaka说 。 日本社会网络操作商 , 希腊 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还发出了照片 , 并告诉我关于职业者或 " 妈妈 " 的照片 , 因为他们称为大多数年轻的海地妇女的家庭 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	这里我想告诉我所有的亲戚 , 人们接近我 , 这些服务将会使用所有的手段 , 试图杀死和液体化我 , 社交或专业 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	然而 , 很快就从雨林转移出来 , 像气候变化和有机农业这样的问题 , 现在阿马逊在1980年代就消失了相同的速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	该公司表示 , 可以提高这种大圆 , 因为可编程逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利的部分 , 占65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第十四条政府可能要求通信企业采取必要的紧急措施 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他重点关注公司已经允许用户通过音乐播放器应用程序和类似的 , 很多来自第三方开发者 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生找到了全职工作 , 他的妻子拿了一部分时间工作 , 看着家庭的两个孩子 , 一个女儿刘京 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	高级刘家·哥伦比杭 , 他负责接受战争记忆捐赠给博物馆捐赠的战争纪念品 , 然而 , 没有人知道李德·tuan是谁 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	使用一个全球文件来更新手段 , 只记住在添加或删除用户时 , 就会再次推出所有的箱子 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	根据我们的关键字 , 我们买了几个关键字的url , 因为任何地方从100美元到4 , 000美元 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何从websphere环境中获得信息 , 但如何把信息推到监测工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	本文重点建立了一种合理的数据结构 , 实现了固体建模的基本功能 , 如旋转、动态、潘和部分观点等 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	菲利斯环81岁 , 福特·科罗拉多 , 看着她的轮椅在丹佛的投资足球场的最后地区的演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	特别兴奋的一个开发 , 尤其是使用wlframalpha的能力理解和计算自然语言查询来创建数学程序 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一位年轻的婚姻女士 , 在一个孤立的农场和骄傲的技能 , 一天 , 她突然感受到了与她沟通的欲望 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者预计每周在工作文化、接触、写作应用和学习职业协会上花费6090分钟 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经运动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军舰队和一名航空员的检索操作 , 乔布姆表示 , 120英里辐射中正在运行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	卡卡萨斯 , 内扎拉 , 一个飞机在周一在东部的51人撞击 , 官员说 , 33人幸存 , 至少14人死 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	国家的一名破坏率显示当局正在寻求7590名中国、50名美国、4020名马来西亚和3470名英国 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好看看上去 , 一个女人在考虑 " 男人 " 的机会 , 沿着科罗拉多大学的学习 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安德里亚·皮尔洛早期被防御墙带来了一半的机会 , 同时 , 克拉斯教育和克拉普都在防守中受到了一半的机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京的第一个记录是第一个记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	据世界新闻报道 , 英国王子威廉星期日报道 , 在伦敦奥运会举行的时候 , 英国的女友凯特·米德尔顿将结婚 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件文件设置使用inots6.ntf模板时 , 它继承了该模板中的所有设计元素 , 并且继承共享形式文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 采用两步法制备的酚醛塑料 , 大多数是用htma进行htma处理 , 这种方法将释放氨基 , 将腐蚀铜或铜部件 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是石油到达的话 , 克拉珀铁路高度依赖于马什的标志 , 包括纤维器蟹 , 饮食稳定 , 现在他们会在哪里去 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	" 政府表示 , 所有的东西都是很好的 , " aleksandra·威纳说 , 31岁的候选人 , 俄罗斯援助组织是基于圣彼得堡的 。
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们已经发现 , 没有任何类药物被撕裂 , " a线规划局长阿普罗的反抗药物部门说 , " 这并不仅仅是主要药物 。
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	三神经瘤tr6和神经细胞cb2的神经细胞生物量已发现具有良好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试完成率 , 我们回顾了2008年1月和2009年2月的所有临床患者的记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	中国的精确犯罪是一个艰难的任务 , 数百万名移民工们在城市的正式地址留下了他们的官方地址 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳市市地铁车辆通信控制系统 , 介绍了trb模式实际运行的实际原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	改进了马来石英绿色法 , 利用有机磷化合物 , 形成了稳定的色谱复合物 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页面纸的总长度超过120多名学校委员会决定是平衡主义 , 第二分之二的生物学并没有指出 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	昨天 , 澳大利亚和美国科学家在报告中发现的报告中 , 年轻的爸爸、澳大利亚和美国科学家们在一份报告中发现 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	应用wmtc测试周期和ftp、ece发射试验周期的差异 , 研究了wmtc测试周期的危险特性 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	《女性叙事》是由作家的性质决定的 , 并展示了女性的恶性质主义者 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁抗凝设备的机理、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为源泉 , 我们可以找到巴基安东人性生活经验、宗教情感和外国文学遗产的影响 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的辐射检查显示 , 比对照组的4周后 , 粒子观察显示了两组新骨轨道的大量 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	" 所有的泡沫都从拉里斯和所有的垃圾扔下了块积累和复合物 , 就像在秘书坦克一样 , " walcehadri说 。
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	设计了50种名为fus50l的l小说生物反应器 , 并根据该原理建立了数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	通过对2007年版本的营养资料系统进行分析 , 通过测量回收pitachios的重量 , 测量了消费 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scapio合作数据 , 其他普通银行在hsbc的私人银行只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据popsugar说 , 我们将会看到约翰·梅尔和詹尼弗·安妮弗·安妮弗在本周日在奥斯卡举行的红牌 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后 , 提出了两种相应的沟通倾向、高下文和低文通信 , 给出了对解释活动的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和克尔洛在索纳塔的平等角色 , 18世纪的钢琴索纳塔格式与一个仪器奥巴马相结合 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	布莱利亚特 , 伊斯坦和威特 , 他在传统共和党的选举中赢得了选举 , 并成功成功成为一个活动主义、进步的总统 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	koller受到印象 , 认为它可能在眼睛操作中有用 , 两个月后 , 首先在动物上 , 然后他自己的眼睛完全成功 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价了p300在糖尿病患者的诊断价值 , 方法应用50型糖尿病患者和30例健康控制组 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 这些障碍和家庭图像每天晚上都有很多关心 , 如果它是一个宫殿的美容 ;
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过分析非开发载体的基本特征 , 阐述了其识别和其对海洋声明的责任性及其列出的限制 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和我第二个兄弟去阿哈姆·巴达 , 一些热情的朋友通过印刷和发布它 , 让我发表了一份版本 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当企业提交企业收入税收入回报、金融声明等相关资料按照相关规定进行附加 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些结果表明 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是hd的主要因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几项研究表明 , 低和中级执行官显示很多应激症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、紧张、呼吸等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡肉和褐米干旱牛肉制作 , 只有五个纯粹和简单的成分 , 以满足特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	本片提名了柏林金1999年奖 , 但缺乏美国优秀的电影 , 最终加强了实际力量 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型的预测能力不高 , 显示了一种可实现的方法预测短期地区气候的方法 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	抗war地面威尔带来了数千名反对演员 , 其中包括在密西西西比州的2 , 000名参与者 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检测中心位于工厂的质量检测和质量检测中心 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	全文在埃及地区的高科技寺庙和拉姆寺庙里的全文 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据wanjiajagou水库中心拱坝的设计 , 阐述了一种特殊的问题和解决方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	从室内试验得到的坝材料的可信动力学参数是地震坝动力学分析的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验 , 如果android市场是苹果苹果商店 , 或者探索许多特点和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	本文研究了双缸同步和准确的方向 , 设计了同步系统的同步系统 , 并设计了可满足要求的同步系统 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	负债23.9%的年度增长率仍然不变 , 前周的数字从负债24.1%修改了更高 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、线、丝、毛、现金、合成纤维、混合、服装、婴儿等类型的服装和清洁 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间尺寸数据的多尺度空间时空数据的组织框架 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索和解决adsl线故障时 , 用户访问网络时 , 我们介绍了一种adsl故障检测我ng仪器的一种adsl故障 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	在快速交换过程的平衡之后 , 通过微分动力学方程的方式 , 可以作为单一交换中心系统的缓慢交换过程 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	地理是从美国宇航天卫星上采集的数字选举数据 , 由先进的空间热排放和反射辐射辐射器 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种关闭式环境风引导装置 , 属于能源电厂技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	赫华是一种临时的双向援助 , 可以循环必要的基金 , 它总是组织在金刚和邻国之间 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨用脑管镜修饰液管切除术治疗方法、手术方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在根本指导下 , 名叫的燃料专利火焰制造公司雇用了人才的机械和工程师 , 继续创新的燃料开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	19岁的阿罗德是他的国家在20个球队的常规 , 是利物浦第二个字符串的关键表演员 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	无限地延长 , 所有的颜色都离开 , 美丽的绿色和棕色 , 与天空融入遥远的绿色 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	2008年夏季奥运会在北京和周围地区建立的大型体育设施 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但khan先生被严格的不平等性引起了新罕默斯破坏 , 这些新罕默斯被无尽的山地镇 , 以及部落政治的增长 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国的食品安全分析单位和名字警告项目称 , 南方索马里亚的消息显示 , 美国的食品安全性较差 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	关注eobjct的脚印实现也是注意的 , 有些客户使用它实现60%的脚印减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc表示 , 在过去四十年里 , 法国的玻璃师们已经失去了四分之一的地区 , 根据科学家sovie大学的研究 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样、统计意义 , 将帮助你了解什么可能 , 更好地理解和解结果的意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国王子德国皇帝威廉i的儿子 , 他命令军队在威廉王子的战斗中 , 并在全球战争中重新宣布冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	网页必须在b/s模型基于b/s模型的桥梁卫生监测系统中显示大量实时数据 , 结果通常更新页面 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新网站混凝土表面 , 随着塑料和保温材料覆盖 。 ( hscmt条件维护 , 混凝土不能水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在我国当地的纸质上 , 有一篇文章由肯尼德里德的报纸引入的 " 医生关闭药品销售方案 " 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们的前锋迈克尔·福克尔提醒我们在开放季度的时候 , 布鲁斯很高兴把他带回双明翰线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	采用先进的双向车阀系统和进口的电泵技术 , 可以实现双闭环控制压力和流速控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了基于mcgs配置软件和siemens7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的控制系统和配置过程 。
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素分泌在胰腺癌的部分中 , 称为langerhan是一个复杂的过程 , 如果不能正确地诱导糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	青山大佛在青山的孙子山 , 位于小林山区的小林山区 , 武溪 , 江苏省 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这是为什么我选择 " 美国学校 " 公民教育 " , 作为我研究领域的研究方法都采用了文学聚集和比较 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节 , 迈阿米热和丹尼威德将采取克莱维兰队员和莱布伦·詹姆斯在联赛中最好的两名年轻球员 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这是为什么web设计师 , 以及他们的密切课程 , 班纳 , 总部和四家设计师 , 可以收到50美元的好页面头 , 更多的完整设置 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	文章通过对汉语学技术应用情况和解决问题的研究 , 给出了汉语学技术在汉语学艺术中的应用 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 企业人力资本的价值主要是由会计视角测量 , 管理人力资本的评估很少 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文介绍了该算法 , 解决了rsd的主要问题 , 解决了rsd的主要问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	葡萄牙是烹饪岛屿 , 或是太平洋岛屿最威胁的是全球变暖 , 它们很快就不会失望 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳电子技术有限公司是一家专业led制造商 , 2006年成立的生产、销售和服务 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥·费德德将在星期一在英国体育场遭受了一场战斗后 , 中场将导致中场的访问 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	范戈在1887年在巴黎 , 在巴黎 , 它悬挂在克鲁尔默尔博物馆 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目标是确定15个超重男性葡萄糖的急性效果 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际观点来看 , 消费者价值福利 , 所以更好的市场访问可以通过生产者确保好的福利 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	greenspan先生保持了中国和其他因素在全球范围内的低速率 , 不仅在美国贡献一个全球的房地产 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	本文根据工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群的新型空间经济方式 , 不同于市场和层次系统 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 所有她的甜点都把她的甜点放在湖底上 , 所以我最亲爱的、最亲爱的、你和我滑进我身上 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 查尔先生的移动都会增加奥巴马的机会 , 通过国会通过国会提高自己的自由能力 , 提高他在法院自由的能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年新兰向我看到一张纸灯的制造商 , 那些在最近的一轮南京的孔子庙里发生了同样的事情 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	那些美丽的承诺 , 这些甜美的笑容 , 像阳光一样温暖 , 慢慢慢慢慢慢地把曲线放在我的右手中 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先逆转是一种更高优先任务被低优先任务阻碍的现象 , 因为他们使用相同的时代系统来源 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型计算了由计算机数值控制和位置跟踪误差的工具位置计算机数字控制和位置跟踪误差 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	通过对长江水力站长江水电站的整体建筑网站 , 实现了狭窄区域的理性布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强学生培养的实践教学 , 重视学生的思想和创新能力 , 使学生培养的能力得到了最好的成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度变化对热带传热模式影响完全自然海洋周期流动的影响很大 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福志的解释不可疑地降解张子的小姚从天地和地球的现实 , 到儒家人类关注 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些更大的浓度具有使蓝钛高分散和爆炸作用 , 使得晶体极其危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司手工图像处理其他婚礼摄影师 , 同时也教他们使用光室2 , 这样他们可以节省时间和加工更小的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了puniehybrida组织培养的形成及dna水平 , 讨论了组织产生的组织培养 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	它的大学成立于575年 , 是研究理论、科学和医学的研究中心 。 人口04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	我临床试验表明 , 米夫210对健康志愿者有很好的口服生物可用性 , 达到高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	研究了不同品种、混合物种类、混合物种类三种不同类型的大米种植物产率与产率的相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用中心理论和正常形式分析了地图的局部编码两个分布 , 用该地图的中心表达理论和地图正常形式进行分析 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	银行员工涉及了印度的隧道恢复说 , 政府计划 , 社区基础的重建是自然灾害反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 玛丽安的父亲玛丽安说 , 一个挣扎的土地农民和树在繁荣城市使用 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指标或主要的关键字段来选择q应用程序使用识别行和正确秩序交易的关键列 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	然而 , 伟大的灵魂在神圣的自然、阿拉吉亚、革命的服务 , 直到我不愿意识到我作为所有创造的原始 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能源机构宣布日本已经增加了第三个植物 , 因为辐射在墙外被检测到 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出 " 现状 " 不仅是在发展中晚期的重要阶段 , 而且他也是理论基础的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	扬诺夫·chomy指出 , 气体供应的多样化也会增加 , 这将使天然气出口的实现变得更灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统很容易安装和操作 , 但由于有限的能力 , 不能满足大型泡沫项目的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	费格森提醒了罗尼在加拿大、罗伊、罗伊和大卫贝克汉姆的教训长期以前的教训 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	正如约翰福和罗伯特·肯尼迪在1969年结束的故事 , 泰迪现在在这里看到 , 肯尼迪人将他们作为深刻完整性的男人 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣在天堂前为自己提供了牺牲 , 没有追求自己的幸福 , 但对于地球上人类的益处 , 耶稣为自己提供了牺牲 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社交责任可以帮助客户的解决 ? 如果机制和机制是什么重要的 ? 这项研究是回答这些问题 。
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利奇菲尔德说 , 今年11月 , 他警告说 , 希望该公司将在1月发布的一组四分安全垫 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	比如他最初建议的几百万 , 盖茨将会有10%的财富 。 所以 , 比如数百万 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 华富纳84岁的 " 玩家 " 杂志创始人 , 他正在考虑结婚女朋友哈里斯 , 年龄24岁 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	分析了目标运动的模型和动力杀伤车辆的约束 , 并给出了轨道转移的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金安也著名于春城 , 大量地面水流落在北方 , 城市地区西西班牙 , 形成了许多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两眼 , 让他们欢迎他们 , 就像他们一样 , 照顾他们 , 所以他们的所有心都代表了他们的妹妹们的邪恶 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们在危险时 , 就像在山区或山区的山区 , 甚至通过信号很糟糕 , 警方可以知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	今天 , 重复生活后 , 我们使用了很多概念 , 意义 , 公式...但这是充满了痛苦和泪水的后面 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	这点 , 巴菲特在中国所有的外表都重复 , 是 , 由于队列斯坦福德 , 试图在音乐上做一件事 , 他正在做同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	值可能不同于线材制造商的价值 , 因此 , 我们建议基于特殊要求 , 建议基于您计算的价值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	可能吸收和分散红外的烟场景 , 重视引导头的能量 , 然后将降低导弹射击的可能性 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	针对小组字符识别 , 基于keleton图形、手写汉字字作为一组分离式、分离循环和组件的关系 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被看作是现代艺术的重要人物 , 是现代艺术道路上的一位领导人 , 由于他的智能绘画理论 , 是一名飞行员 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	北京佛罗斯和苏利夫南的首席顾问王玉泉说 , 宣布是一个潜在的警告 , 天空不会太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正在感受到中国竞争的热量 , 它的经济正在经历了最快的三年的增长 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高层建筑中设置差异的原因和预防措施 , 指出了利用临界建筑的特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我不会看到任何改变在下两年或三年中 , " 约翰·交易说 , 一个50岁的个人投资者在瓦伦·克莱夫的工作 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾经见过的最伟大的老师 , 他是无法见解的努力 , 让学生看起来像一个imimate、社会对话 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	scream4提供了一组熟悉的字符 , 围绕镜片设置和切换自尊的一个线程 , 作为身体数字 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另一个问题是 , 越来越多的电视政府的声明 , 更好的是 , 它假设人们在广播时看到的时候 , 人们实际上会看到这个过程 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到24月24日 , 当美国空军获得克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克斯竞争对手的时 , 埃德出现了强烈的机会 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新传统媒体的大师 ; 有些是宗教领导人 , 几个是政府的高级官员 , 这些政府有能力 , 项目全球影响 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师建议小心使用表达总线快速运输 , 最便宜的公共交通选项 , 增加了自行车和行车人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个老式系统可能会存储 " 狗 " 的术语 , 更广泛的 " 哺乳 " 和狭窄的词汇 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在dingzhuren眼睛中 , 吴明高 , 手工青年 , 小心地谈话 , 工作 , 接受强烈、快速思维、实践努力 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	另外 , 由于不验证的用户输入的连接字符串可以导致字符串注射攻击 , 在数据源的jeopardarding安全 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着辩论继续 , 唐金先生需要把事实放在美国 , 尤其是在1970年代以来 , 普通人看到他们的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎您的朋友学校社区 , 受到所有学生的尊敬 , 明显是一个非常成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是从你的工资中支付你的信用者 , 然后在那个单一行动中 , 你会告诉宇宙值得和更多的价值 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建筑下 , 矿井估计含有40万吨铜和46万盎司的金矿 , 应该在2012年开始运行 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	因此 , 德罗斯·罗斯小孩最初建立了28年4月28日的发射日期 , 当海尔达尔在太平洋漫画旅行时 , 亨利达尔在这里设立了他的发射日期 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 乳腺宏观指数的平均百分比和平均指数可以提高 , 淋巴细胞的转化可以提高新蛋白的变化 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还注意到 , 当寻求解决问题时 , 应该给予核化朝鲜半岛的安全关注 , 并对dprk的安全关注 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:用家庭动态问卷和家庭环境规模版本测量21例正常控制患者 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要业务利润是负责、股东和用户的重要指标 , 是审计工作的主要任务 , 是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	针对ssh6700光总线地面的断裂现象进行了分析和探讨 , 提出了基于ssh6700光总线地面的3结构改进方案 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了水绿空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保水绿空间的需要和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业生的研究 , 他们可以得到公务员或政治部门的机会 , 获得更高的社会状况 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	作家的眼睛是美丽的 , 创造了几代世界生活的一代 , 解释了作家的努力 。
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 很多研究发现 , 社会科学主要成功实现了更大的管理成功 , 比那些有技术培训或前职业课程 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临着市场和银行的双重限制 , 导致银行贷款的问题 , 困难在提高工作资本缺乏 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	介绍了废物碱溶液的不完全分离方法 , 通过实验和创新 , 介绍了在循环氧化单元应用煤炭分离的方法 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的重新角落 , 黑色的衣服背景是蒂宁和皮肤的单个人sofa和脚趾 , 使个人的好处有休息 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽特·林登:希望你可以建立一个国际jci标准医院 , 让中国所有的母亲和宝宝都能得到最好的医疗保健和同一步 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计在30季度首次领导下收入psveinhoven , 这将提供切尔西的机会 , 甚至最终与merseysids提供了切尔西 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会应由三或五人组成 , 这是执行官任命 , 还有拍卖人员和调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	yago贷给巴里后 , 塞尔吉奥·贝里奥·阿尔姆隆 , 另一个biancono左转到巴黎 , 是年轻的西班牙球员 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的第六届会议做了一系列的和谐文化建设 , 为目前和谐文化建设提供了一段时间 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为了做到这一点 , 使用该发现实用来定位并在过去一段时间内访问或更改的文件 , 或者在过去的任何日期或时间 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据北京矿业公司的潜艇软岩支持工程 , 探讨了用途支持与道路相互作用的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用tt-pan蓝染色检测、7690u荧光染色染色检测、染色检测、染色检测、透射电镜等方法对细胞生长和分化进行了分析 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna内表面吸附性 , 采用pvc作为主要原材料制备的pvc 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	采用有限元软件 , 建立了双辊带铸件的固化模型 , 采用有限元软件数学模拟了钢板铸件的固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcur&d部门 , 作品将在特殊的22个明星文学奖 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 水面的变化降低 , 地面附近的湿度越来越大 , 阳光降低 , 风速降低 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	在1912年 , 美国科学家威尔伯尔·斯科维尔被命名为美国科学家 , 开发了一项测量卡普萨卡因的化学水平 , 创造了基里的化学物质 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖升高到一定程度时 , 饱和的中央问题的胃疾病信号 , 如果所有营养物 , 降低了一定程度 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 通过我手中举行的一部分 , 我把我手中的一部分都放在我手里 , 就在那里 , 就站在我身后的妻子的那部分 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每一个人的十指手指都留下了一个不同的印象 , 皮肤的弹性使得皮肤的弹性变得很不可能让人留下相同的指纹印象 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理局副总裁西欧表示: " 今年7月 , 北京各地的垃圾酒店都增长了一% 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚碳排放量相对低 , 因为大量的河流系统饲料足够的水电能产生者提供了70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	设计了采用浮动mos的dlatch和dflip流量电路 , 为了介绍dfliplopppp应用 , 我们设计了该注册和对策 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	由于每年的100英寸的雨量每年降低了奥林匹克国家公园 , 绿树上升 , 填满了奥运山谷的山谷 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超原融合蛋白质因子实际上是抗原艺术的替代 , 具有目标功能 , 是抗原不同的新前瞻性介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一个小心的计划 , 组织努力完成一个特定的一次努力 , 例如 , 建立一个建筑或实现一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	本文采用喷粉分析、扫描电镜和c14等方法对混合层的地质原因及分布特性进行了定义 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人们想理解三大营养物 , 这些三大营养物 , 首先控制动物 , 随着年龄增加 , 随着年龄的增加而逐步降低 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了使朋友、朋友、印度、情绪结束、帮助手、合作、互利、创造更好的明天 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国已在新疆、边界巴基斯坦和阿富汗西部的巴基斯坦合作中加强了潜在穆斯林的合作 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀被用来使气体流在粗糙线上 , 他们防止管道和容器的流动 , 尤其是在真空安装中污染 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品容易也可以用来描述一个较好的症状 , 一些人在消费某些食物的某些食物 , 所以没有清晰的基础 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	实际上 , 物理化学物理化学的锅点似乎与蒸汽蒸馏在实验中 , 实际上 , 它们是不同的原理 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	锁定断裂是悬浮桥段的特殊设备 , 它主要有两种优点、液压升降类型 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家宝与贵雅雅亚总理萨密尔在访问中国 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应当自然与冲突的现实 , 分析和讨论了人民司法选择、培训、法律实施和监督 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	本文在本文的基础上 , 分为九部分 , 分为 " 原文 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了用efe矩阵法对外部扫描环境及其方案进行定量的探讨 ;
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	工作变得更聪明 , 沃尔兰的孩子开始意识到他们的父亲是一个暴力的怪物 , 他们每天恐惧他们的母亲 , 拒绝喂养他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章详细阐述了图像创作、特殊语言结构的效果 , 以及中国古典诗歌文本安排的正式主义 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 基于集体身份的理论假设 , 分类了欧洲身份理论的理论:道德主义和建设主义两个方面 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	通过对二甲基乙烯发动机噪声的影响因素 , 研究了采用燃烧噪声的方法和有效解决方案 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	天空检查食品价格已经增加了人们对未来饥饿和哺乳营养的更大挑战 , " 忘记 " 目标 " 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上 , 他和67岁的不清楚在狩猎过程中 , 冰流在他站在那里 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素涉及了自动分泌或paracrine时尚的调节 , 例如氧化物、前列腺素和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	尽管过去 , 2004年2月早期 , 这些交叉相对竞争和正常英语的英语相对比较 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果你不能在访问它时读到数据 , 那么解密钥被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它是因为供应商使用自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是那些在金银银、蓝色和绿色的网络上穿过他的脚 , 让我感觉自己忘记自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	山西省人类资源的可爱条件 , 目前著名于它的复合文化 , 在其复合文化中 , 关键竞争开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常在布利顿书中缺乏 , 允许孩子们有力:旅行和烹饪 , 为自己 , 访问魔术的土地或解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	高粘聚合变化过程的一个关键问题是开发高效的质量传输仪器 , 提高表面再生率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学项目对心脏病人不仅是提高知识的积极效果 , 降低了不确定性和抑郁程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果总有效率为93.3%和62.2% , 高压盐量组的恢复率显著高于ns增加口服预测组 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	英国的游戏是一个由民间团体鼓励的美国风俗 , 由教会和教会交流 , 所以需要的收入提供 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	箱12:kilos的重量应该在这里展示 , 其他单元测量e.g.体积或数量的项目 , 表明当定制时 , 可以使用正确的数量 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	跨越高速公路 , 离开深圳国际机场 , 港口仅从广州新湾湾湾国际机场离开了几十公里 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体制的发展 , 国家经济的迅速发展 , 促进人类生活标准、医药和医疗保健业已迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的第二层地板将被透明 , 电影将符号香港人民的想象和创造力 , 表示 , 香港人民的主任 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说: " 球员能有很好的技能 , 但是他的才能是否不会申请自己并获得工作的话 , 他说 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍了中国纺织品的出口情况 , 尤其是从音量和降低出口价格的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	加热玻璃的不同规范 , 但我保证干燥质量 , 降低喷嘴位置 , 应该很容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	这种不同的来源是美国人、俄罗多夫·史蒂纳和我们的朋友对地球合适的和谐角色有着影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	这位23名现有的夫妇属于人造房子最好的张的妻子和幽默 , 他的政治成员、态度和他对家庭和亲戚 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	在那里 , 土耳其往往往是温暖和透露 , 你的平均格鲁吉亚看起来更多的自我保留和储备 , 没有完全相似的英国 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	显示其形状的形状 , 在尝试吸引越来越少的棕色蜘蛛的注意力 , 生物揭示了橙色、黄色、绿色和蓝色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	胡特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 我不会再去杀手 , 我认为我认为 , 什么我认为我是无耻的 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省 , 像资源一样 , 鱼 , 森林 , 矿物 , 现在石油已经从 , 有时候 , 有时只剩下的货物 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校已经开始分离某些课程的性别 , 并且说它已经消除了男孩的 " 桃效应 " , 并提供了更多的教师时间 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	在回顾方面 , kafka是一个新闻尝试适应kafka的工作复杂性 , 它在sderbergh的gener实验中获得了实验 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界战争之后 , 亨利福特和普通汽车的福特和全球汽车的全球制造业从欧洲制造领导的欧洲企业进入大众生产时代 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	波普金教授表示 , 美国学校还需要提高营养 。 例如 , 学校可能会提供大量人会考虑垃圾食品 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	然而wga西总统帕特里·弗朗说 , 周六晚上3 , 000名作家都参加参加了赛事的晚上 , 只有在选举合同结束之后才能结束 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	amoi是一家著名的国内手机制造企业 。 由于a8 " 将舞蹈 " 手机 , 2002年和2003年获得了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这听起来很有效 , 记得大多数观察场景中 , 每个组件都有一个小的听众 , 并且插入和删除很大程度 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信念具有丰富的马祖庙、丰富的诗歌以及福建商务活动的密切关系 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 2016年 , 我们的市场独特的设计 , 性别的日本纯粹女孩 , 女性真正的性恋好机器人 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:当时3月3日的时候 , 穆斯塔奇在他将硅谷挖掘出来 , 证明圣弗兰多山谷未资金 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但我们回答说 , 给了他更多的电影 , 而不要穿城市 , 然后在11岁的时候 , 他也许会在这里做 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的员工自治公司 , 第二分之二的信息收购类别 , 同意 " 良好的想法是由我公司准备的 。 "
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条经过第十二条主体物质 , 单位应当时通知对象或他的头发或保卫人 , 除非在哪里不能定位 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	s&p500家公司的收益更多 , 高层经济指标的稳定流量将给投资者提供更多的证据 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	根据弹性压力资料的基本参数估计了孔隙结构的基本参数 , 研究了水流对孔结构变化的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察19例急性综合征综合征患者心肌纤维治疗心肌纤维的效果 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论nickel钛板固定和可调整帕特拉骨折减少设备对帕特拉骨折的满意 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	建立于2006年 , 深圳智能电缆技术有限公司是中国 " 结构交流解决方案 " 的主要供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油密封 , 模具橡胶零件 , 硅主机 , 密封汽车 , 轻量 , 重型汽车 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人住宅位于北京东城区的东城区 , 是一个传统的 " 河南 " 类型的住宅 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性金钱成分 , 女性钱不受限制 , 但有相同的重量和复杂 , 艺术触摸是染色的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳市电信技术有限公司是一家研究、开发、销售、服务为专业led屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	通过双分子脂肪膜 , 对植物细胞的影响 , 引起了高电静电场的影响 , 导致了微粒原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsack比波罗衬衫更明亮 , 这个线程颜色看起来很好的knapsack看起来太黑了 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第一条未来委员会的网络资本数量不超过6%的客户端数量 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过测定单一或双层的多层弹性丝的测定 , 表明制备的织物的弹性能都可以达到媒体或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动态波浪湿润橡胶的机理、结构特点 , 介绍了其在硫酸和复合肥料生产中的应用 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是 , 尽管如此努力继续执行 , 包括上个月在电池厂数量的电池工厂 , 政府的反应仍然变得更糟糕 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	在分析的基础上 , 开发了青岛港口集团整体开发策略 , 最后 , 提出了提高团体竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	另外 , 对szit监督的观察 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验课堂的性能更为活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在第三十六周里 , 一个孩子在出生之后 , 父母同意捐赠婴儿的心脏 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司江东手工有限公司的首席介绍是一家专业的企业 , 在生产完全小型民族特色的手工工艺 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	在插件路由层面上 , 没有需要维持会话限制 , 当请求向应用程序服务器提出的时候 , 会话肯定会话 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	随着对材料的可能性进行调查 , 包括回收玻璃、ucco和标记 , 建筑师将石头设置为最佳选项 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金 , 是一家投资服务 , 中国领导网上支付商 , 天虹资产管理公司 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括gps区域参考站、gps购买子系统、下水泵、基于数据处理和控制中心的四部分 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为卢克homes的内容非常全面 , 我特别喜欢前瞻角度的故事 , " 路易斯霍说 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:对结合肝脏和肾脏收缩过程 , 1右肾静脉和2例左肾动脉受伤 , 3例肾损伤并不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	一种由两种不同金属分离的磁盘组成的电力来源 , 形成了一系列主要细胞 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的一封信 , 约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了赫马斯的牧师 , 这是我们的一本书中包括我们所谓的父亲的书 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在德国西部 , 外交部长汉斯特里奇基因斯切割了摩斯科托关闭所有核能植物类似于切尔诺贝尔 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	根据单阶段、双阶段、多阶段和多阶段的设计 , 可根据稳定、绝缘和冷却要求 , 可定制各种单阶段的设计 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件组织是一个知名的元素 , 它们已经取代了 " 目录 " , 这是在命令行操作系统中使用的 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	手机 , 语言 , 听 , 讲话 , 读书 , 写作技能 , 实现破坏 , 为了让基础 , 习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	国防部门缺乏法律基础 , 导致死刑行为障碍 , 保证国家防守的障碍 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 在心脏形态和功能方面 , 运动速度强度事件的训练系统可以导致心脏形态的适应变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解决uwbfs系统中部长范围的大时间jitter错误 , 提出了一种基于晶频分割的基础 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	根据j.帕特里克·戈尔曼的创始人j.帕特里克·戈尔曼说 , 大会计公司正在提供相似的增长 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	在一项研究中 , 研究人员考察了血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生的关系 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法对37例患者进行相关探索信号的检查 , 并且负面病人不会采取学校探索 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	1984年 , 我一直被遗憾与hitachi的工作 , 开始交易 , 并且我正期待我们的关系继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	本研究介绍了简单、经济动态混凝土试验和影响土壤试验 , 促进地质调查 , 提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变量矩阵 , 可以比较不同混合数据的位置精度 , 提出了一种基于系统位置的系统位置 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs已经从消费者和商业旅行者的价格上获益 , 降低了全球经济疟疾的油价 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些组织特别是脆弱 , 因为他们经常经历在治疗神经认知复杂期间 , 可能会导致肿瘤本身更多的损害 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 平行处理方法获得了子线性速度 , 基本满足了内部模型的实时识别要求 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	这些措施是一个合作努力 , 联合国 , 美国红十字 , 美国疾病控制和预防中心 , 联合国基金会 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文重点讨论了新现实主义小说的社会历史背景 , 并讨论了当代文学发展和认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 阐述了尼小 " 先进政治思想和官方职业 " 的腐败 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	公司和企业也应该注重员工心理健康 , 帮助他们通过讲话和心理咨询 , 吴建议 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市大树现象的分析 , 阐述了城市景观森林的必要性和产生情况 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘结剂 , 消毒剂和进口服装 , 降低葡萄糖离子度的释放 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁融合的态度明显提示了不同的构造单元的磁体形状和岩石形状分布 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 丹宁也不想卖好 , 他只想看看他们能做出任何重复的话 , 丹宁再也不会继承他的建议 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	进入muffin小的准备 , 填充每杯两分之二的全球杯 。 篮子在200c/375公斤 , 或2025分钟 , 或者直到黄金 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	此外 , 大气附近教学和学习大气的建设 , 由创始人zhiyi确保了良好的教学氛围 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了在内热炉实际运行和应用中的一个严重问题 , 分析了内热焦炉的原因 , 并提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨肾酸诱导慢性颞叶癫痫的关系 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某些程度来说 , 通过信号检测理论来解释法官的理想假设 , 比对法官的理想假设更具实用性 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在有雷射弹性机制的情况下 , 抗旋转机制与螺旋拉伸展示同步机制和自补偿之间的磨损 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进遗传算法在解决高维、多元素、非线性核问题的成功成功 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理及其它相关银行人员应该负责17 , 000元人造成损失 , 所以为什么他们没有收费 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2从多胺氧化介质细胞死亡 , 高敏反应和防御基因表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	高风险和投资强化 , 改善开发阶段的运行流动 , 造成了高风险和高风险 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	美国 , 他认为 , 需要与伊朗和土耳其合作 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角 " 的活动将促进民主和战斗极端主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	这很难在1987年被首席总统、哈比伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯·鲍尔吉巴的文学体系教育体系教育体系培养 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这并不能抑制完全和自由表达:这并不会失去灵活性 ; 实体性 , 以及我们同时沟通的重要意义 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她走了 , " 我们是电工程师 , 我们真正需要更多帮助海洋工程师的帮助 , 但是我们需要更多的资金 , 以及更多的资金 , 我们需要展示一些成功 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把妈妈的图片和她的珠宝盒子放在这里 , " michele说 , 克里斯感觉到幸运 , 让她喜欢她的家人 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为瑜伽帮助人们更多的身体和吃习惯和意识到坏习惯 , 比如应力、疲劳或抑郁等 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	志愿者们在室内工作的灯片中 , 除了过去的荧光之外 , 需要更成功地思考 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	据卡扎菲的巴比亚阿拉zya公司报道 , 在周二晚上 , 他在周二晚上做了一个地址 , 第一次袭击 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	通过一定的假设 , 我们结论价格水平、数量生产和成本参数之间的关系与风险避免极端水平相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	采用气藏的物质平衡方程 , 测定了气藏的储备和ogip , 判断其驱动类型 , 并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	吴慧看到唐糖家快乐 , 唐丽和天新看到唐糖回家后 , 建议把家装饰给家里 , 每个人都可以穿越 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势显示 , 它从社会和文化积累与心理分解到电影之间的密切关系 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本课程专注于帮助数学教师建立儿童数学认知发展的概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的t/s平均大约为2.06 , 旗阶段出现的最大值达78 , 冬季最低出现了零 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	湖山工业经济被称为湖山现象的 " 经济 " , 虽然是国家水平贫困县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为美国军事战略不再关注在山区敌人战斗后 , 但在阿富汗的城市和村庄赢得了阿富汗 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者们会喜欢向外国人做准备 , 而当地的老师认为外国人只是为了训练者做得很有趣 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假设者是一个附近的太阳能酒店 , 花园和野鸡 , 但目前 , 旅行的高光是看到草坪的机会 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了融资税的功能 , 讨论了物流产业的未来融资产税的影响 , 并给出了相关的对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	肯特·托克写道: " 最后 , 在他最伟大的时刻 , 他显示了我们最脆弱的时候 , 死亡的男人 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	手工 , 还是因为浮孩子 , 必须在信心上升 , 记得他们的家庭由丝绸和卢琳讨论业务 , 可以打开一条丝绸线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	添加叶子的绿色是一个很容易添加颜色、味道和营养物 , 这周的玛莎玫瑰花花粉在健康方面写道 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何把自己作为一名员工作为考虑竞争的员工 , 可能你会看到一些正式化的公司如何对社会媒体和参与 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是折叠、阻尼和合理的 , 有人远处的声音 , 有人被提取或反应重复在远距离的厚度上 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	乔布斯先生在五年前 , 医学留下了医疗治疗肝脏移植后 , 在展示可见的重量损失后 , 正在进行治疗 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	本方法提高了点传递函数的精度 , 建立了基于重点传递函数的重点图像的重点图像 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每章和每一章都形成了整个马的整体框架 , 这基本上是由基本上升构建的 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 介绍了rdb的一些查询理论 , 并给出了其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	人类基因密度下降的bdnf水平似乎失去了复杂的任务 , 几乎没有变化 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心私人员将削减jobs和许多人 , 特别是那些用来获得他们的工资的工资 , 都会失去工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	同样 , 中国政府宣布将从2008年6月离开自由塑料购物袋 , 中国政府将宣布 , 将其从2008年6月出现自由的塑料购物袋 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	建立了基于数学特征的几何特征和过程信息的对象方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	去年 , 财富资本公司投资3.5亿美元 , 同时他们投资仅330亿美元 , 中国公司只投资330亿美元 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	液压设计的组成部分是喷雾多平台装置 , 使电子器位于黑帽前面 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	它代表了茶人希望的希望 , 代表中国茶业将更加丰富 , 今天的母亲研究课程肯定比以前的日子更加辉煌 !
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种环境友好的防腐涂料 , 基于非毒钙作为主导抗腐素和磷酸盐作为辅助抗腐素 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地面和地貌特征 , 北京沙地主要分为三种类型 , 山地和平原的过渡区 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	本文介绍了地震特性的优化原理和基因优化方法 , 提出了基于可靠性预测的基因算法 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	当老年人不能建议由于健康状况 , 他们应该成为他们的能力和条件 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢克克斯博览了资本主义社会的普遍问题 , 并从商品上证明了其整体类别的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	2000年至2004年最大的跨度总线丈夫是1.4862到1.518 , 这与中国城市系统大小的分形维度一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨中国和英国社会相对贫困相对贫困的现象 , 探讨了中国和英国社会的历史对比 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油公司有限的安全管理已经成为加强和石油安全性能的更加强 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后根据可逆方式的特点 , 采用四值dfliplop作为核心组件设计四值同步逆转对策的核心组件 。
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 由于受伤的伤害 , 却没有一句 " 情绪障碍 " 解决了她的犯罪责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	另外 , 我们还代表了受伤者受伤的个体 , 因此 , 我们也代表了健康护理诈骗和隐私争端的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制方案的可行性和潜在作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要成果是以下:高中特殊教师在高中和平东地区的技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗伯·帕茨 , 克里斯·斯瓦特和其余的球员已经在加拿大的第三部电影中拍摄第三部电影 。 eclipse在2010年5月出现 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第十六条国家科技委员会应与其他部门关注 , 经常间隔新技术产业开发区 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	管理文化对员工工作运动的影响很广泛 , 但文化与工作动力之间的关系并不存在一个可行的框架 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	这种粗糙的小船已经有30个 , 下面的橙色花粉和太阳花在厕所里涂上了很多花 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金今年对其它商品的联系 , 经营一半的石油和铜滑坡 , 这反映了它的价值 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们正在从传统生活模式中断出来 , 爱情下来 , 结婚 , 买个家庭.........不过 , 他们已经跳过了一些步骤 , 还补充了其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接数据结构通过它的ength保持隐藏 , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 所以它可以减少不需要的节省和匹配模式的空间 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你在适当的位置 , 你需要放松你的手臂肌肉 , 记住 , 当你手腕保持直线和前臂肌肉的时候 , 这就很容易 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	另外 , 丰田周一表示 , 已经扩大了美国的服务活动 , 为了让石油主机覆盖934 , 000辆车辆 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但它要求我推出一本书来了解更多主题 , 或者交换许多电子邮件 , 发送者将更多关于问题的细节 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前的自然历史问题中 , 耶鲁教授弗兰克·阿富克说 , 海滩如何更低的原因可以学会爱金 , 有些甚至会变成潜在资本主义者 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	韩国的独立消息极为罕见 , 但中国相应的大坝语法学家已经走到北韩 , 最近已经逃到了北韩 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保仲裁案件、国家仲裁立法和民事立法制度 , 所有有仲裁审判监督制度 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲阿洛斯认为 , 是一个男性和19岁的犹太人 , 这将使得这位男人激励了一分之一的犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织周二称 , 政府部队至少有41名民事人员在叙利亚 , 包括20名中央抗议胡布 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	本地官员告诉报纸 , 要求回应 , 一天的旅游将包括访问北川高中 , 在那里学生被埋在垃圾中 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	幸运的是 , 有一个女人在那里被称为 " 心脏大 " 的女人分享 , 比如兽类 , 她并不太糟糕 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , 25%的xmx值用于最大护理尺寸 , 护士的尺寸可能会在那25%内增长和缩短 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一方面是一个冲突 , 美国并没有寻求 , 一个是由42个国家加入 , 包括挪威的努力 , 保护自己和所有国家进一步攻击 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	然而 , 一家美元的商店还没有开放 , 所以我没进去了 , 它的迪什dedededededededededededededededededededeve很昂贵 , 所以我拿了两杯瑜伽 , 告诉我 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本请求的框架下 , cen和cen电将开发一个或几个级别标准包含一般要求 , 适用于各种类型的能量相关产品 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	本方法分为两种工作过程 , 在光轮整合加工过程中 , 表面切割是前程序 , 挤压加工是后期的 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克表示 , 6月2日 , 将有私人会议和政府会议 , 包括美国商务委员会 , 这将会将持有35名年度会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电话市场不会被允许称为国家捐赠名单上的任何数字 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人有关 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的药物有限于分离区域 ; 除了里奥格兰和巴拉那外 , 没有可逆的损害似乎在全国范围内广泛 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	一个更危险的装置 , 美国流行 , 是一个瞬时的光盒瓶 , 用硫酸分裂为化学物质 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦中 , 她被一名女士告诉了 , 很多藏族人也可以看到湖上网站的内容 , 只是通过计算机监测屏幕 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是高度个人知识 , 积累了一个富有经验的财富 , 无法制造一个系统的暴露 , 这是可以感觉 , 但并不能解释 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这种类型的场景通常会发生 , 当清洁级执行官希望驱动业务的时候 , 它通过企业提供积极的赞助来援助他们的战略代理 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家 " 扩展eps系统 " -360提供了市场前景、侧面和反击保护 , 使其成为最安全的helmet之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年建立了北京文化艺术品销售中心 , 大厅建立了世界最大的艺术社区 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	奥萨帕的成员开放于学校出版商和专业出版组织 , 包括大学媒体、利润和非营利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何运行诊断和治疗设备 , 特别是医药的分支 , 但他们也在紧急干预技术中培训 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	三个结构组装的水火管锅炉是一种新的dzl型热水锅炉 , 最近在这类型锅炉中应用了两步喷射技术 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐赠允许一座桥梁在两座山之间建立 , 终于醒来走到学校 , 穿着他的妹妹想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	西北的冷速度都是一个典型的北北热带气候变化 , 保持亚热带气温和湿度 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	进一步研究了化学热力学的非氧化强酸溶液中的溶解性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	本文分析了各种常规循环操作中各种不同类型循环操作的转子束结束、损害和形成过程 , 并建议预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人上周告诉华尔街日报告说 , 该公司不能在长期以来替换osi的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一项规则 , 第三周中期的趋势将在第三周之末 , 股票只移动3周 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	克莱斯展示了一种显著的抗癌效果 , 并提供其它营养效益 , 讨论了克莱拉多生理多功能和其病原因 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本奥斯卡大学公布了6月10日官方论坛 , 因为一名员工称为儒家学院文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	第一轮背景已经感到了所谓的 " 奥运兰斯 " 的 " 奥运兰斯 " 的第一轮关键 , 将在比赛期间举行18 , 000名运动员和官员 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	在我组和组ii之间的细菌数量有显著差异 , 清洁手柄的效果明显优于洗手 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在一个年轻妇女中 , 没有物理发现显示恶性 , 病人应该回到3到10天之后 , 接下来的男性开始决定 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机随机控制空间干预的研究可能有助于进一步探讨血管疗效的临床疗效 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我明白 , 在我在我国的各个时期 , 南方行动不会在任何问题或事件中举行任何事情 , 都不会在我的其他能力中举行 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	gnome中最手工菜单之一是服务器进入的连接 , 这允许用户接近任何类型服务器的服务器快速和容易连接 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山区的足部 , 国际幼儿园附近太阳大学 , 坐落在一个愉悦的环境中 , 具有良好的景观 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:使用3种诱导的脊柱样本比不能预期脊髓炎患者3胃洗涤的敏感性更为敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中在蒙古的标签上 , 旨在巩固其在俄罗斯的力量 , 在战斗中获得稳定的地位 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们有很多图片 , 像我们在德克萨斯、新墨西哥、阿里桑那、加利福尼亚、内瓦达、乌拉多、科罗拉多、尼苏达等 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但它反映了过去世界公平的事实 , 上海博览主要是印象一个国内观众 , 90%的访问者来自主国 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的一天我开始好 , 但是在半个马拉松我开发了肌肉的腿上 , 导致我的右膝关节 , 这导致我正确的伤害 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	两名以色列人 , 上海波勒 , 医疗工程师 , 爱德伊·索夫博士 , 是一名优秀的气候学家 , 加入了一个基于satle的工程团队 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	照片看着窗户 , " 这意味着我在那部电影中 , 家庭在一个小城市里 , 突然出来 , 晚上吃 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	根据技术创新的实施 , 中国应该继续探索和发展 , 为了保障更多的储备 , 降低油进口 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	目击和安全摄像机视频 , 作为犹太人和潮湿的t恤 , 承受rucksacks和枪击的年轻男性穿着一支肖像 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	一个通用的概率值路由 , 一个单移复杂的qz算法并不在linpack或ispack中开发 , 为所有复杂和普遍化的生成价值问题 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员对欧洲工作满意度、工作时间、婚姻状况、性别、年龄和工作自治关系进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	酒店和alfresco餐厅晚餐 , 直到晚餐 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的餐 , 或者在上海一些更有时尚的商店 , 这是这个地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高服装制造业生产效率 , 必须结合传统服装生产方案、设计方案和服装制造 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	技术转移的相关费用 , 除非相关机构批准相关合同 , 否则 , 技术转移的相关费用不会被当作税收减项目 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前盾牌的混合比例通常使用正交测试 , 在实验和不可避免的时间和资金的需求中 , 出现了很多情况 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿病饮料中 , 每天每天只有1.1磅 , 每天有1.1磅的重量损失 , 18个月和1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 中国有很严重的冻结和冻结、冻结长期监测是为潜在灾害提供参考信息的重要 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了分子结构、代谢、组织分子分布及其抗癌功能及可能机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:9例无规则中心或内心狭窄的直接表现 , 1例非规则填充缺陷 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑器允许您在启动期间进行导航菜单 , 自动检查 , 并允许您在启动期间设置优秀的脚本 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	采用重力电路的大型垂直速度 , 运行的大速度大 , 前面的密度密度密切相同 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	食品生产中gm食品的生物技术的承诺有很多好处:快速饲养植物和动物的过程 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	马克维亚先生称为军事服务 , 被称为 " 威尔马 " , 申请乌克兰、意大利、芬兰和乌克兰 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强的一个人必须与贝尔兹贝比一起驱动魔鬼 , 就像说话说 , 给了一个对魔法 , 为了中性化和克服这些支持的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	随后 , 有一个绝对的艺术标准 , 意味着每个人独特的感觉都是由每个人都无法复制的图片所引发的 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 这种蠕虫被用来攻击它的公交核反应堆的计算机 , 已经有广泛的规范 , 这种土星实际上损害了植物 , 一些伊朗密度 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转移关键相比 , mdcssk具有多级数字信号可以加密 , 使用多个croll加密参数 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了有关图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、障碍者以及使用和实现创新的策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	利用hsqldbut.runscriptool创建了一种名为启动的方法 , 它获得了项目、主类名称和命令行参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运聚会冠军和世界记录《奥运会》星期日宣布 , 俄罗斯的第二次奥运活动是从运动中获得一定的突破 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易秘书可以被视为社会利益分布和司法选择与公共利益之间的共利益和垄断利益 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战斗者似乎已经准备出现大量人群 , 以估计单一目标 , 比如高级政府官员或警方首席 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线微镜是一种利用软x射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 它填充了光学和电子微镜之间的差距 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	温阳三能集团有限公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业生产烟草提取、索兰索兰索和尼古两大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼睛位置正确率 , 提出了一种面界限的方法和多层眼检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:探讨微观氧化锌金属玻璃的组织兼容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场吉尔伯托曾在枪手中场心中场的成功者 , 接受巴西国家队的一名呼吁 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在一些c.i.a官员知道了解解解和交流程序的详细情况下 , 有一个十分紧张的辩论机构 , 要在治疗方面绘制行为 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 开放的名字告诉我们 , 后来 , 萨姆拉里被留下了失业 , 并且在寻找工作的国家 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很大程度和深深深深深深深深深入地对他的视野、魔鬼、丹娜和勤奋带来了佛教 , 并且对所有的事情都有一定的意义 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	imonellson是抗病毒公司诺顿的安全专家 , 重点重点说 , 通常改变密码 , 避免重新恢复 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测量 , 钢烟的表面处理只有0.008相对反射 , 吸收装置可以作为理想内部涂料 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学的形象是中国传统自我变化的特殊现象 , 具有特殊的审美价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制度是秦汉代官员监督监管控制的原始创造 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议结束后 , 周舒格还有另一个博客 , 共享他的印象: " 这表明 , 美国政府和北京已经完全不同的工作 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了提高这些地区的铁矿石的应用 , 必须合成高饱和磁化的超临界纳米结构铁矿石 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声b和前室角的镜像进行检查 , 然后在前室角下提取外体外观角度 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理阿卜杜拉·巴达维正面对他的辞职 , 经过他的统治联盟失去了关键的地方 , 反对党的反对党 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在电影之前 , 那些在波斯尼亚州波斯尼亚威纳的战争困难的摄影师 , 就像他把他扔掉的影片 , 他赢得了奖项 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	本文综述了转换器衍生物的结构活性与药理性能 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九条代理的义务 , 按照原则的指令 , 按照原则 , 应当按照规定执行 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	随后 , 我们的双边关系对双边关系的成就感谢两方努力的努力 , 两国已经常接触到其他水平 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 拉迪克puia粉的综合价值已经逐渐提高了工业生产的官方官员和原材料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他是家庭唯一的工人提供物质 , 或是他是一个全职学校的学生 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	结果 , 分支的厚度对青树有很大的影响 , 与其生存率、增长条件和年轻图片树的商业率有直接的关系 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本文介绍了三维实际rsoart几何模型的激发速度对心脏流动的定量模拟 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的克隆生长架构 , 古拉和法尼克里亚 , 作为研究克隆人口最好的材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯皮德是纽约世界贸易中心世界贸易中心的主要规划者 , 预计将面临多年的延迟和重大成本 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃自由假设是由一个模拟聚乙烯或聚丙烯单元组成的 , 直到用户活动 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对当时中国医学教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者的信 " 是保持中国医学教育的主要特点 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和雷克·霍夫曼在四个月内工作了慈善男性中心委员会的工作 , 受到地震伤害的小部分伤害 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与世界相比 , 中国的牙科事件并不高于第二级学校的学生 , 更大程度上 , 是治疗时尚缺乏 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口增长约1% , 近40%的增长是由于外国人口进入美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	欧洲危机已经对其经济造成了严重的损害 , 并且通过17个民营单一货币面积来说 , 诺欧国家已经对欧洲危机造成了严重影响 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	18.07%ip饮食中 , 显示氮消化率与糖尿病ip水平和最高的n消化率在18.07% 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	" 另外 , 吉利亚还揭示 , 在很多电影中 , 大多数人都喜欢 " 超过我们的厨房 " , 她甚至有了最好的应激金牌 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是稳定发展 , 避免了赢得的原则 , 在变化行业和市场中 , 他们正试图采取面积的维度和稳定的提高 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统林肯 , 准备出现紧急环境 , 正如林肯悬挂在民事战争的外面 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人表示 , 美国在生活中借钱 , 汽车不能卖掉 , 因为老人和谷歌六 " 经济危机 " 最终被破坏 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清楚动物研究与祖母hip替代之间的连接 , 父亲通过运行婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至是宠物的拍摄 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk后移植失败的危险因素是冠状血管化、移植、食管炎、前列腺炎、前列腺炎的风险因素 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	几乎所有消费的东西都是消费的 , 包括它的劳动布局和当今大多数人常常用它的覆盖 , 35年的销售 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 几乎所有的工业 , 从上游到下游 , 完全是印度农民、工厂主、工厂、销售商、销售商、销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰今天不会失望 。 直到今天 , 除了那些没有玩得多少 , 比如艾默森和塞勒索这样的球员离开了 , 还有艾滋科和艾滋病 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过分析了景观建筑设计的情况 , 阐述了利用文学流程的意义 , 例如高层板、定义和符号化等 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了有效地捐赠调查 , 动物污染植物已经进化了各种荧光特性 , 污染表达调查是它们之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定读取我们的旅游之后 , 我不相信我们将会遇到任何额外的障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	潘尼·赫德韦2分 , 包括3秒左右的比赛 , 正如奥兰多魔术败败了冠军霍斯顿火箭9290 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	全球信贷策略师bnp巴黎的投资伙伴马丁·弗里森说: " 那些会在cd或超级资产中被否认是更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一部分是不用的土地 , 将增加森林覆盖率为4.1% 。 前途、农场和其他绿色潜力的1.919.27% 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说小说中 , 浪漫视觉倾向于表达自己的形式 , 称为 " 浪漫、浪漫、情感、象征形式 " 的形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是在2005年 , 德克萨斯在我们收到了2000万美元 , " 拉格回忆道 , " 这个数字超过了我们的期望 。
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 真的是 , 现在我现在没有什么东西 , 比如汉明或谷物株这样的小伤害 , 我可以理解他们 , " 26岁的青少年告诉官方项目 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2中 , 设置n或更高的内存布局 , 它不再使用分享库 , 并且可以用于本地存储或mmapping 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但如今 , 如果我们正在修改这个反对文化的一个方面 , 那么它的神秘倾向和原则的功能--我们不会对运动深刻的公正 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	霍斯顿梅斯系统成功测试了一定类型细菌的呼吸系统 , 该系统使用紫外光辐射来杀死9%的超细菌 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 尽管司法官的辩论和完整性比较复杂 , 他的遗传上了对法庭的影响 , 外面的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	食物:食物丰富的矿物 , 因此 , 包括食物、豆类、豆类、豆类、豆类、柠檬、橄榄、橄榄等 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	中国音乐扇子、记录艺术家和记录公司都将从这个赢得伙伴关系中获益 。
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线是安装的昂贵的 , 第一家公司如此 , a.t&t. , 创造了美国唯一的距离服务 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	本文以二级板市场为研究对象 , 分析了交易机制的特点和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清除和反应阶段的病人 , 具有优良的氨基酶和hbvdna水平 , 是抗病毒治疗的候选人 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 在第四级城市里 , 只有13%的海外销售 , 公司的未来表现明显提高 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	13和19页面的订阅规定不需要申请一名发行人员在公开的企业债券下进行证券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	一些我们已经离开的事情是例如jsp标签库支持gsp , 可能支持jpa作为插件 , 改进了我们的单位基础设施 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	本产品具有丰富的黄土和蝴蝶纺织 , 传统上法国的圣诞礼品 , 尽管在今年的南方吃得更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次阐明了决策的重要性 , 组成和传递能力的重要性 , 需要知道当球员运行时 , 还要小心不要接受球 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道: " 坐在电视台附近的时候 , 孩子可能会坐在电视上 , 因为他或她在看不到和不诊断的时候 , " 她报道 。
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 路正承诺帮助克什马塔卡希拉出售渠道 , 帮助路沈长岛推行了破坏规则 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次 , 这种大冰岛形成于1962年 , 爱德华·亨夫·赫尔夫在一座岛屿上 , 小部分的冰岛被放在了海军之间 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能工业炉的开发和应用 , 如加热炉、热炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果大学毕业于一所学校 , 你从来没有看到陌生的话 , 那么考虑这是英国最大的大学生 , 考虑英国200 , 000名学生 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏经验和实践的知识 , " 杨小龙说 , 他的工作人员在希望申请人员的时候 , 他的工作人员们都是一个有希望的申请者 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 在美国和国际社区的几年之后 , 相当的哥伦达菲似乎被西方重复了 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c和37°c下 , 没有从np上释放的动力学 , 通过建筑空间结构和空间结构的影响显著 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	使用 " 曹云 " 特殊座位功能 , 各种短期和重新注意的使用摩托车座位将受到批评 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	本五个重要因素组成系统 , 科学操作可以产生良好的教学结果 , 科学操作也是教学创新特殊措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	在这个殖民失败之后 , 战斗将军队的负责人分享到恐怖和逃离他个人帝国的外边界领土 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监测器收集了有用的信息 , 例如在一个月内的ecr状态调查事务 , 数量的ecrs等 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	在接受报告后 , 韩韩韩国总理在接受该报告的49分钟后 , 他被防守部长金正在接受报告后52分钟 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	基于家庭的护理团队由几个护士组成 , 每天早上都跳到一个小卡车 , 走到社区的健康需要 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	实现了两个国家的水喷雾系统 , 提高了身体清洗范围和体清洗程度 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	机场的场景 , 在机场上 , 飞机在跑道上 , 他们的笼子从飞机上走出来 , 广播日本公共广播 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个黄金锁 , 看起来很厚 , 但是在一个丑陋的、紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧紧的帽子下 , 几乎是疲惫的 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	150年的业务调查显示 , 他们的团体推广是利润的 , 然而 , 三分之二的组织经验已经失去了三分之一 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安迪:是的 , 但是卡塔尔也可以穿上他们的银牌 , 是一个黑马 , 它在另一个半决赛中扮演伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家 , 通过其追踪者判断电影 , 指责张先生给亚洲演员戴蒙先生的一部分应该去亚洲演员 , 一个叫做白色的实践 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 像极端程序和敏捷开发这样的概念 , 使得它能够获得很多相同的利益 , 没有一整个人在代码上挑选 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在基于矩阵组织的情况下 , 研究风格组织和非边界组织已经蘑菇了 , 我们的选择是基于给定环境和目标的 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	根据不同的味道 , 味道包含了许多香料 , 猪肉风险产品和水化的春洋葱 。 根据不同的味道 , 味道会很好 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	此外 , 这种意识的双标准会伤害自由者和汉人的感觉 , 同时 , 在学术意识上 , 学术意识上 , 改变了历史的真正面貌 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这永远不会是 , 永远永远不会继续 ; 当时 , 时间在离开的列表中 , 这个朋友肯定会保存我们的身份 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 那些在36岁的爱情社交网络中 , 通过移动和期待付款 , 年轻的成年人期望移动内容 , 特别是音乐和视频 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号在一个非常高频率和两个样本之间的差异 , 量化了数字信号、i.e、sigmadelta代码的数字信号 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	就像我一样 , 我认为 , 没有我总是有成功的 , 个性是现实 , 但我喜欢一个阴影 , 让我 , 我真的是错误的吗 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年后 , 95%的元素汞的表面已经通过化学反应 , 变成了硫化物 , 成了黑色固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18个公园位置 , 拥有紧急柴油产生器和电设备 , 增加了四个储存 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	美国人生视频流畅服务最近感谢了hibainupies的一篇文章 , 只是公布了水刷 , 新白色的视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:acsock、电路断路、dcjack、数字开关、dip开关、emi滤波器、fuslder、hook开关、关键开关 , 推广开关 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他有超过10年的数字媒体生产经验 , 工作视频 , 还有图片和声音 , 他旅行广泛 , 追求长期的社会和环境问题 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于castrol的竞争历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳发动机性能提高 , 提高了最佳加速度 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	国民平均价格现在上涨四美元 , 最高的平均价格如阿拉斯加、加利福尼亚、连接和华盛顿州 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米体系的小小小尺寸必须被视为强场 , 这使非线性反应非常重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可以保护h2o2受伤的内皮细胞 , 可能在预防和治疗相关缺血性缺血症的前提和治疗中有一定的作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	讨论了利用头空气色谱法测定1 , 4-氧含量的方法 , 讨论了头空气相色谱因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	所以 , 穿上一个温暖的浪漫新家 , 一个温暖的婚姻床 , 自然变成了优先的 , 传统的部门就在床上 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	通过基础和提高心室节点的频率 , 根据其它生理学现象的频率滤波效果 , 降低了心室节点的频率 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常检查特定的规则 , 您可能希望在您自己的规则文件中结合它们 , 如清单2所示 , 这个规则将进入基本、名称和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年2月14日 , 一名警方在一次抗议期间打破了一名绿太空成员的鲸鱼 , 反对了东京国际鲸鱼委员会的特殊会 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	利用比较优势解决我国食品市场的平衡和需求 , 可以保持长期和稳定出口 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	总结了高桥桥梁混凝土裂缝对高桥梁桩的控制和预防措施的原因 , 总结了铁路政策的原因 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为了防止和解决贸易团体 , 必须扩大公民参与、改革行业的治理结构 , 共识建筑机制的利益 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	另外 , 北部的阴凤 , 六个绝对是寺庙 , 很多高山河的一些强大的dwell , 海尔暴露了十个宫殿绅士 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的研究机器人csr-2辅助系统的三维长度区和临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称 。 黄金.皮克一起 , 看zany图片追溯到生命比例、匹配、标准和对称 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到石油和气体产生丰富 , 开始于1960年代 , 这个小型 , 雕刻 , 胰腺素质量显著增加了一个集体人口 , 让单个城镇 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另外一个观点是 , 由于卡梅隆现在放弃了 " 革命主义者 " , 还有一个梯度主义者 " , 她的目标通常没有广告 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	他在1991年退休后 , 他保持了一个低档档档案 , 尽管他被妻子生存 , 高度赞誉北京歌手江京歌手 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	研究显示 , 世界上最受欢迎的网站 , facebook , 成员花了20.5亿分钟 , 增加了36%的56% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	尤其是一名称为 " 闻名 " 的标准 , 匿名的anglican对手攻击不仅是这些六名预期部长 , 但攻击了milton 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个不知名的原因 , 有时候 , 他正坐落在皇室的纳波那里 , 他帮助埃尔特皇家的皮洛训练 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的进入形式和女性 , 星巴克从其开放的平衡和麦当劳德的女性 , 独立为其外国人和女性队列 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子将出现最高的原子轨道 , 这是能量最高的最高能量 , 因为这将是最高能量的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我爱的时候 , 坐在我的侧面 , 当我身边的时候 , 我的眼睛和我的眼睛下跌 , 夜暗 , 风吹出灯子 , 云在明星上 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你这里是坏的 , 希望谷歌搜索结果的业务总是很糟糕 , " 谷歌联合在博客上写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	尼桑的首席创意官hironakamur说 , 研究室将会 " 提高我们的产品竞争力 , 亚洲的汽车业继续看到鲁棒的增长 " 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用这个手臂时 , 请仔细地打开在脖子和皮特10毫升从偶尔到250毫升 , 用纯化水带来积累 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不再能看到皮格银行的担心 , " 凯文·莱伊说 , 阿斯洛克逊历史上的一位权威人员在承担这项工作的任务 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过分析不同的高峰衰减过程 , 给出了高峰生产率和最终高效率的一般公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数地方审美使用临床上是相对水分子 , 通过扩散或通过细胞膜融合 , 得到了它们在钠通道上的阻塞站点 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81次加强钢筋纤维试验 , 测定了钢筋混凝土梁和66个试验结果 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	网站还使用了开源博客服务器apachewebloger版本4.0.0.12 , 我的sqltm数据库服务器和mememech 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	比萨尔望着600米高楼 , 自我足够的水和能源 , 被贝尔吉亚设计师vincentalbaut认为 , 将根据纽约的罗斯福岛 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 箱子 " 仍然坚持这个熟悉的集合物 , 将出现在水中 , 更好地告诉大家本产品和瑜伽饮料一起 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	给出了它对抗慢性日常头痛或紧张型头痛的影响 , 瓶颈似乎是一种吸引力剂 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母行为被放置在体重范围内 , 那么你决定你在建立健康自尊vs.低自尊的情况是怎么样 ?
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	" 他说 , 时间是最大的问题 , 中央当局对当地政府有表特定的标准 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法避免 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	此图像上面的图像显示了数百万年的哥拉多河创建的框架模式 。 红色表示了图像中植被的区域 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 没有地球化石追踪到一个狗类似的前任者 , 遗传分析发现了鲸鱼最近生活的相对活动 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维组织图表从加强混凝土、每个教室或工作shop占据分化的体积 , 允许全院看到 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	" 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " , 在二十世纪晚期 , 影响人们作为全球化时代的新兴学科 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的封锁相比 , 标准封锁使人们在标准数字模式中写的邮件代码 , 提高信件污染效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规范的水珠、南阳珠、新鲜水珠、半孔松珠、3//4松梨珠珠珠和完成珠宝 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高建筑师在建筑设计中的生态、效率、经济轨道的责任和责任 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	在大孔数据的基础上 , 分析了中侏罗煤层分布特征、煤层特性、煤层特性、煤层燃烧期 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	作为一个例子 , 应用最大轨迹优化 , 给出了两阶球导弹的最佳轨迹优化对比 , 并给出了一种图像和表的最佳轨迹 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开放源头项目的基本原因 , 没有关闭的资源部门 , 是我们没有兴趣销售或支持它的业务 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	洪水期间 , 有些物种被洪水淹没 , 只有一些高度的草地生存 , 物种属于少数和精神病 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	他们每个人都抓住了他的同伴 , 把他的剑在他的同伴的旁边 , 所以他们一起倒下来 , 所以这里的地方被称为 " 赫尔克哈兹 " 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述了 " 内血管时代 " 内血管内血管的一系列病人 。
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	政府和农村地区的公共货物的不平衡已经成为影响城市和农村地区的深刻原因 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过对水力液压液压液压系统进行分析 , 指出了水力液压系统的水压系统存在的瓶子 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 因此 , 外国批评将会看到今天的数据和争议 , 更强的元增资料 , " 本国的简单主义者 , 香港的经济学家 。
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行银行的比例是9月底的11.6% , 另外两家大银行的股票比例下跌了11.6% 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于适应图像的物体分散中心的新算法 , 给出了一种基于物体分散中心的新算法 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我是一个孩子在北达科塔的时候 , 我的母亲在她的五个孩子做的时候 , 她把热带放在纸巾上 , 把他们放在纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于散热厂温度、完成轧轧制和轧制工艺的实践 , 考虑了轧制工厂的轧制部分与表面级的约束 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一个9亿美元的法律评估了hsbc的二倍雇用kpmg , 一个会计公司 , 探讨madof先生 , 但当担心时 , 银行失败 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	除了等到伦敦的消息 , 还是从母亲走出来 , 一些爱和嫉妒的国家 , 在这里 , 整个故事在他之前 , 都在他面前 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟的业务 , 他曾经访问了八月 , 一百英里的萨凡纳河 , 他已经旅行了英国 , 远远远远远到了西城 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	研究结果和鉴定结果表明:cmv、电视、电视、电视、电视、电视、电视、bbbwv等部分是混合感染 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	在19世纪的拉克斯条件下 , 一位马菲亚的父亲被报告给了他的生日与查普纳和洛布斯一起庆祝 , 已经赢得了 " 大酒店 " 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997年 " 行政安全基金 " 自1997年执行以来 , 我们的安全基金已经迅速发展 , 获得了较好的结果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	在1610年 , 印度东部的一个城镇 , 建立在他皇帝的地点附近 。 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主课程选择之外 , 潘尼俱乐部提供了一种反映中海和海鲜食品的选择 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另一个证据说 , 俄罗斯州的第一渠道电视说 , 震波很强 , 把他扔到地板上 , 把他扔到地板上 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列表示 , 军队只用他们的手枪攻击后 , 发布了一个视频显示军队 , 来自直升机的军队 , 进入了坚持和俱乐部 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	分析了9种生态类型总59个日本米线材料 , 研究了f1混合材料的主要质量特征 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	俄罗斯·弗雷德说 , 印度工作的一名动物学家发现 , 印度家庭生活在查德加尔的房子里 , 用曲线分离男性和女性的空间 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了理解问题之外 , 他的心理健康和物质总裁谢卡·萨克森纳表示 , 低和中收入国家有很少精神健康 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言相对合并的问题往往会变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员确定为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	一名白学生在研究参与者做出了一个关于黑人参与者的评论 , 他简单地离开房间 , 显示出来自现代极端的种族污染 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论只有超级脂肪的成功 , 同时将橡胶排放在腹腔内 , 是防止脂肪的有效途径 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同的npt的氧供氧和氧需求的重要因素 , 但在温暖期间 , 需要特殊的时候 , 体温变化是影响氧的重要因素 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京日报周六说 , 北京警方预计将在国内暴力交往国内暴力的法律和保护法律 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 大豆饮食纤维生物的处理技术明显提高 , 测定了大豆饮食纤维生物的加工范围 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	fitch说 , 希腊银行在东南欧和土耳其增加了多样化 , 但这是来自越多的挥发经济 , 一些也经历了衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河流追踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀登 , 面向户外的幸存 , 技能很多 , 例如 , 只有其个人成员 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	bilberry是蓝莓与其黑色紫色的密切相关 , 自然包含甲醇 , 帮助支持健康的眼功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	毫无疑问:微软与windows7.甚至在beta形式中 , 公司的新桌面os正在从博客角度获得 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	" 我是一个艰苦的工人 " 和 " 我被新机会学习 " 的新机会 , 应该考虑奥德球问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	凤云54是浙江省台州农业研究学院的新型dica混合米组合 , 是浙江省林海市林海种子站 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们询问s2 , 作为给定的 , s1最大化了这个表达和gentleman说 , 我将会分化 , 然后我将设置等于0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他主要的地方移动齿轮 , 玉花了大部分四年在学校准备进入考试 , 为了提醒大学人力资源毕业 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺乏是心理描述的概念 , 可以在行动、rub描述的作用下 , 另外 , 也可以添加环境描述 , 本文将会看起来更多vivid 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一家专业的电缆制造商 , 国王信号产品主要服务移动通信、数字微波通信、航空、多媒体和军事 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	五月五日 , 探讨了timshasssui南路的文化融化熔池 , 建立了另一个强大的卡尔威夷电影 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 生命标志稳定 , 代谢支持显著 , 表明我们建立的生物人工肝支持系统是安全、稳定、有效的 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在离开之后 , 缺乏视力 , 激励公司的实际性意味着改变努力将永远不能实际证明成功的政策制造商 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	一种湿光磷酸净化萃取方法包括:第一步 , 利用热水提取和提取有机溶剂 , 然后空气热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品设计是基于16世纪欧洲和其他奥拉斯的古典线路 , 可以修改和结合个体客户的欲望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	曹元北是一个伟大的思想家 , 教育家和革命者 , 从他的思想、词语和行为方面 , 我们可以知道他的伟大的思想 , 哲学家的性格和伟大的男性 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	发展生态旅游的优势是环境、植物、野生动物、历史和文化 , 我们必须注意到一些问题 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双链rna生产后的基因筛选技术 , 改进了石油植物中主要脂肪酸的相对比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据周一报道 , 中国继续成为q3年世界第二大经济 , 与日本1.42万美元的gdp相比 , 相比日本每天的1.37万美元 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	民族反恐委员会表示 , 特别部队杀害了2名军事部队和死亡部队 , 并且在莫斯科郊外的一名第三人 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道染色和电镜观察了一种典型的动态学变化 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:分别对164名患者进行康复教育、心理劝说活动和各种心理学支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 分析了赵永明的诗歌写作生命意义 , 证明了诗歌的原因 , 可以实现观众的女性角度和价值 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行积极地向贫困国家财务部长们的贷款受到严重的困难 , 急性失业 , 因此国内不利 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以在大程度上存储在目标区 , 结果表明 , 非目标区的密度可明显降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	通过从多个角度来看 , 运动缓慢的运动回收证据 , 这种风格已经不会迅速 , 他准备准备对niu卡进行对话 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	泉江盆地水污染主要来源于国内废水 , 然后不断的源污染也很重要 , 产业污染也很少 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文试图通过对儒家、道主义、思想等学校的影响分析 , 探讨军方主义思想的文化根源 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一个修复的组织代表了水平、平滑、平滑、平滑度等 。 周围的土地卡通区的周围细胞更加成熟 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	探讨脊椎体和肺脂栓塞之间的关系 , 探讨了pvp的水泥注射速度与pmma泄漏的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	2007年8月12日 , 国家防御工业协会和能源协会中展示了一个原型共同功率系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国冶金集团访问了一家铜矿的地点 , 2007年前 , 中国国有一家国有企业的代表 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态 , 快速处理速度快 , 健康的皮肤细胞到表面3倍以前的皮肤精炼器 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	寒冷的欢迎是一个高高高的玻璃 , 在沙迪房间 , 头上有色彩 , 外面的圆形是太阳的圆形 , 沿着尘埃的道路 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿下面报告说 , 利比亚反叛运动中分裂 , 并且她说的是第一个 " 纳塔联盟 " 提供军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	在lbj的 " 大社会 " 等时候 , 一个 " 自由 " 的 " 自由 " 是有人声称荣耀的财富 , 自由支出其他人 " 自由 " 的投票 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	由于微软基金保罗·艾伦创建的微软基金会 , 自2003年开始以来 , 所有的学院已经组成了一个更详细的人类大脑 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦人谈判人sarbrekat说: " 日底 , 设立和平是两个平行轨道 。 以色列不能在同时结束和平 。 "
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇人说 , " 世界上只有一个途径 , 很难你永远不会重新把他们留下来 , 你必须永远不会说话 。 "
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	一个可持续的艺术感 , 开放的谷歌欢迎所有商们参加全民主、精神、热情、热情和潜在的生活 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	查姆家庭研究显示 , 近十年来 , 非法调查已经下降了50%和75%的摄像机、印度和巴西亚的阿马逊 。
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺在一起保持更好的或更糟糕的 , 为了更好的或更糟糕的 , 在病人和健康方面 , 为了保健 , 让我们感到痛苦 , 直到死亡 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	17年1月17日 , 北京 , 15日当地时间 , 新华 , 匈牙利资本预算最便宜 , 一个人群的离婚 , 杀死了三名女性死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	要阅读更多 , 如果你选择移民代表的话 , 检查cic的web页面在移民表示 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学的实践特征 , 内在于批评和建设的方向 , 是基本解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究的系统不仅能显示出折叠和故障 , 还可以应用gis函数 , 分析了自动生成地质概念和断裂的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从新视角出发 , 提出了一种基于遥感图像的多个特征分析方法 , 结合pixel分析方法的限制 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会进入了汽车增长的峰值时期 , 车主在车辆上花费更多的时间 , 空气污染不能忽视 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph辐射筛选活动 , 降低功率 , 总酚化合物总量 , 抑制氢基辐射和超氧离子辐射的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	进一步介绍了其它先进的产品 , 包括主体的化合物、印刷颜色、气凝和特殊钻井液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但是 , 可以一个聪明的网格或精密的农场 , 机器通知 , 使后来决策 , 明显降低能源利用 , 因此 , 温室气污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	这个任务 " 发现和视图病人记录 " 可能是由大多数组织所使用的 , 这个任务 " 创建和更新病人记录 " 可能只是通过承认和前面桌面工作人员使用 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	采用结构光源的范围检测技术的主要缺点是 , 它不能得到无视光摄像机的数据 , 或者不能被光源照射 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件dlet.toc.xml被引用为该插件表 , 该文件将为eclipse左部的层次信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	提出了许多数据挖掘的隐私保留算法 , 包括协作规则、分类、聚类等 , 但几个算法都是外观检测 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女性和男性在一系列简单的任务时 , 比如搜索关键或做简单的数学问题时 , 女性也显著超过男性 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	奥扎瓦先生不能支持129名律师 , 联盟到奥萨瓦先生 , 他在上周选举了对党领导人的选举 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改善路由免疫:合作关系重点减少警方和措施也帮助建立新的和现有疫苗的更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	gbagbo发言人gbaoma表示 , 塞尔拉·莱恩总统的发言人 , 他是西非联盟的首席表示 , 美国代表西非联盟的发言人 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育不必要 , 但是你可以在门上获得一个足球 , 更好的进步和基本培训 , 在一个汽车和柴油技术项目的基本课程 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了更换适合金牌 , 请通过区域休闲服务办公室或体育中心提交该表格 , 通过该部门的25美元 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	大中宝峰 " 大花瓣 " 的大粒子 , 肉 , 厚厚的皮肤丰富 , 色彩丰富 , 味道丰富 , 味道丰富 , 具有 " 中国姓法 " 的名誉 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:回顾性分析了天津10所医院呼吸病毒感染的253例cb的临床资料和抗生素耐药性 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	本文简要介绍了水性表面的原理和降低原理 , 简要综述了该表面的新途径和最近进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效率和准确分类已经提高了地磨削效率的磨削效率 , 从而提高了321的运行矿 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我寻找一个 " 出口 " 的时候 , 我是由黄江的头顶 , 为了我的东北女儿 , 他现在几乎有5个月的 , 我的蜡烛和蜡烛 ;
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	另外 , 清洁技术可以使用无需的塑料同步 , 避免水压水的牙齿 , 或软洗涤 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	目前的美元标志教授总是宣布最新革命管理技术或最热门新闻报道的发现 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	周二的一份报告显示 , 美国在八月份的制造后 , 今年八月的第一次扩展到了超过一半 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	伯克利大学的建筑师马丽·波里奥说 , 建筑师是加州伯克利亚大学的最乐观的 , 其中有40%的上升 。
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	本设计由法国建筑师杰克·罗斯蒂 , 一个基于水基建筑项目的船长 , 并被联合国文化机构支持 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放的开放空间 , 在桌子中间的四个创始人在屏幕上 , 四个是samamaagan , c.o ;
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 。 利用matlab软件对自适应梁的伺服算法进行了分析 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	每个lcs无人工表面车辆开发的每个lcss表面车辆 , 指定了两个双拉m单元 , 作为通信设备包的一部分 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 律师捐赠了所有的负面、博士、摄像机和个人对法国国家 , 从这些照片和文本 , 我们发现了一个外部和优雅生活的故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	气压降低 , 因此 , 气压降低 , 如钻头和升高 , 最终导致球运行速度快 , 直径比较低 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	世界股市 , 由msci测量 , 本周高达51/2周 , 将近年投资者将数十亿美元的现金转向工作 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	综合介绍和具体分析是关于学生的运动和教师手工的内容、组织、表达、表达、内容、表达、编译、编译 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你太高兴了 , 离开房子的限制 , 无法插入电话 , 锁定门 , 把整个周末的帽子放在家里 , 绝对没有什么 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	就像李涛一样 , 亚洲早期的一位前亚洲人 , 犹太人保持了中国风格局官僚 , 规定他们的后果和一个部落状态 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 就像你们一样熟悉 , 比如在mdadadara烹饪一样 , 还有一个熟悉的周围的陌生感觉 , 比如tokyo 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林蜡烛的增加 , 平均高和直径也增加 , 但单位面积的数量降低 , 改进的销售变为平均的变化 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品并不包含任何自然的乳液组件 , 人类皮肤异常反应 , 非毒、无毒、无味、左、右心 , 推动良好、耐久、良好的粘附 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	卡马里塔·蒙蒂尔 , 一个二十岁的维吉尔 , 刚刚沐浴在橙色的水中 , 正在把罗马的皇家留在皮尔内拉的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们使用这样的工具 , 在@toprank上增长了twitter的出现 , 以及每天的基础上 , 学习了twitter最好的实践和工具 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以生成特殊免疫反应 , 主要通过活化肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	本发明的一家生活交换发明 , 从冰淇淋和瓶水到电光、汽车和航天器等方面引起了人们的关注 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	si在上个月晚些时候发表了他的指控 , 这是中国研究社区的著名知名 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	hcvv特定的cd8细胞反应可以在急性hcv感染患者的急性hd4t细胞反应或病毒特定的cd4t细胞反应中进行检测 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我还感谢布鲁斯·李先生的家庭为他们的全心支持 。 李先生的妻子李先生 , 丽达 , 个人帮助我们准备一个前居民的布局计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	shin先前的solo努力包括2005年的专门感谢...最后的选择 " , 然而 , 他的最新兴趣 , 但我是 " 标志 " 的第一专辑 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市 , 体育模块已经从当地政府面临着稳定的概念 , 作为他们的足球、篮球、篮球和球场的价格建立新的宫殿 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于porcelain是陶瓷 , 所以玻璃类似 , 它的表面平滑 , 显得不像老绑定材料 , 茶 , 茶 , 红酒或烟 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉·范吉尔森设计是澳大利亚国际采购商 , 需要购产品类别包括纺织品、家具、家具、礼品、陶瓷品等 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重、前肢体重、身体长度、前肢长度、前肢长度、前肢长度、后肢长度、刷长和第三向长度呈现正常分布 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	西班牙、卢克斯堡和德国西班牙、意大利和希腊人一样 , 部分都有 " 南南 " 的旧文化遗产 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式还参加了王青岛、王华、王黄、大宁、美国副总统乔布登、国务卿克林顿等工作人员 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	拉丁的思想通知了传统心理疗法的传统观点 , 引发人们查询这些基本假设 , 使他们的生活和思想 , 离开了心理实践的标志 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰·莱德罗·格里在米兰官方地点上讲话: " 是对米兰的一场比赛 , 但现在我在iena和希望赢得这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验结果表明 , 在stca前2年产生的模型预测准确度为95.8% , 内部样品和93.3% , 其中一个修改方法97.5%和90% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	他说: " 这个预算比1789年所有债务都要更多的债务 , 当乔治华盛顿总统 , 通过弗兰克林·罗斯福和利登·约翰逊和乔治·布什说 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	或许是手臂 , 看到你面部的宏伟的形式 , 眼睛 , 手臂 , 腿 , 脚趾 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 等 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	它还拥有高级教师 , 包括一名国家关键教师冠军 , 两名与北京关键教师冠军 , 六名与厦门关键教师 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	采用电流速度估计方法 , 可同时适合电流异常、弱静脉、抗静脉等 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , ptp1b表达水平或活动的任何变化都会影响胰岛素签名 , 可能会导致胰岛素抵抗 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国首席红色调度箱 , 他离开了11个街道 , 把每年的预算交给每年的预算 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	采用mtsay测定了nk细胞的杀害活性 , 通过直接免疫荧光法测定了pt细胞的增殖率 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园可能是雅兰的房子 , 真正的湖泊 , 全部设备高端家具 , 所有的礼物 , 好的沟通 , 丰富的气体 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在sperm和oocyte中 , 证明钙信号在一系列复杂的过程中具有很大的作用:容量、周围反应、卵巢成熟、肥胖等特点 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南龙选取质量吸烟猪肉 , 加入新鲜鸡蛋比例 , 纯净的明珠淀粉 , 姜和小型的海米油 , 搅拌到垃圾中 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	唐尼亚的选举和前利比亚领导人穆拉玛·卡扎菲的戏剧性谴责已经推动了伊朗赞助的选举 , 以估计萨迪的足迹 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icsbbtv是由上海媒体集团广播有限公司和ics开发的一款品牌 , 使人们看到了ic、生活和vod的程序 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 阿马拉南部的一个城镇 , 埃塞俄比亚的独立 , 1896年决定了意大利人口 。 人口21 , 107 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是 , 只有这样的例子 , 可以看到更多的思想和智能 , 我不会说智能设计 , 智能设计 , 才能解决这个问题 , 才能有效地解决 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体周二报道 , 罗马7月7日 , 中央意大利的强大地震 , 至少有150人死亡 , 伤害了7万名无家庭的地震 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事官 , 军事部队官 , 军事部队的帆船员 , 编码了ddg169武汉 , 进行全面运动 , 重点对快速反应、模拟攻击 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗的消息都是这样的 , 我没有做错 , 我只是在这里得到法律 , 我是在这里 , 我在这里 , 为了荣誉我民族和民族群体的传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	像前一样的袭击 , 星期三在香港的忙碌点区的事故 , 北部的腐蚀液体显然从附近的高层建筑中排出来 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	中央银行认为 , 中央银行经济不能承担 , 最终决定了工业需求 , 集中需求最终决定 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究对象是从脂肪中获得的10%的食物 , 每周六分钟 , 使用压力技术 , 每周都有10%的热量 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街道站在一起共同 , 各种手工艺品牌 , 拥有ivory和木雕雕 , 森林鸟 , 花 , 形状生命 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究的目的是描述正常台湾成年人pinch强度的规范 , 探讨年龄、性别、高、重量、维度对pinch强度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州高速公路104个国家公路 , 北京铁路通过北部和南方运行 , 自从九个省长三号 " fdbwawa " 地方 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	这是从1960年代和1970年代以来 , 由于大规模的363英尺的sururnvarcks用来发射阿波罗宇航员 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何在远山地区居住的女性如何知道尹阳鱼、汉文化的典型象征性黄色 , 体现了他们所谓的阴阳哲学 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生表示 , 周二和周二 , 学生在大学管理建筑外保持和平示威 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严重阐述了17届cpc国家国会精神 , 为抗腐工作和诚实的政府建设 , 96年 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 商务部发布了 " 数千名农村村 " 的商务部 , 飞行员告诉市场 " 正式发布 " 数千名农村 " 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	建立了它的专家 , 三星nx10运动了大量3.0 " 的屏幕 , 交付远的亮光和清晰的图像 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能导致了一个 " 极端冰洞 " 的熔融 , 迫使人类生活在凯文·费尔纳 , 或者是把牛奶流的小船停下来 , 转变为巨大的冰川 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险微化原理 , 研究了误差penty参数c和内核参数对支持矢量机械的影响 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过完整的句子的分析和整个句子的概率逻辑系统 , 我们有一个很好的解决方案 , 我们对整个句子进行接受 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的路由 , 克里斯托弗·克里斯特·克里斯特·希特 , 一个极端主义者 , 表示: " 无论是来自总统 , 他们成为一个巴纳共和国 。 "
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	作为丹尼西亚公债总监詹姆尔·贝尔哈杰 , 提出: " 对于我们保持最佳的结合和浮选率的债务成本 , 是管理我们的债务服务成本 。
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	为了访问引擎、柴油泵、齿轮箱、刀具、刀具、刀具、刀具、刀具、刀具、刀具、刀具、刀具、刀具等电控系统 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	根据律师法律法、律师法律法、律师法律法律、律师法律法律、律师法律法律、律师职业规则 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	老年性悲剧患者的循环功能主要是由低血压引起的主要原因 , 但对心脏不足的分化是必要的 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们谈论了五个核心竞争在社会和情绪学习中 , " 威斯berg说 , " 自我意识、社会意识、关系技能、责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 水净化 , 水净化 , 蒸馏屏 , 旋转鼓屏 , 喷油滤波器 , 水滤波器 , 污水泵和泵设备 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了一种基于ullcoupl的oadm的基本原理和仿真方法 , 特别是在一个基于ybranch结构的交叉谈判和耦合性能 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治wbush正常在床上 , 10pm , 托马斯·爱迪松 , 拿破仑 , 苏格拉圭米 , 他在4.30毫米之间 , 亨明威被称为拉克 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	结论 , 采用酸性和碱性水解、氨基酸分析和tg方法形成了一定的分子交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 正在迫使联合国在某些传统武器 " 一项协议附加 , 因此 , 为集群武器提供立法性 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 基于经济价值 , 这些损失将进一步800亿美元至900亿美元 , 将总信贷损失为1.7亿美元 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	苏巴chai的评论是星期五美国代表家的评论 , 预计在星期五再次投票700亿美元的银行计划后 , 预计再次投票 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可人希望向许可证人提供的支持 , 并且许可证人要求从许可证人、非签名、地理检索许可证人获得 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	根据发酵的瑜伽小时 , 我们将新鲜牛奶作为原料 , 添加了稳定剂 , 蜂蜜 , 糖进入乳酸细菌产生水果味味道 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	诗天尼斯·里斯曾经被称为蒙默瓦斯 " 一艘石头 " 船 " 的船只 , 那些曾经访问过 " 冲突 , 使地球美 " 提供 " 一个新的逃离 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种情况下 , 胰岛素产生更多的补偿 , 胰岛素与胰岛素的高水平相关 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	这种专利推广公式 , 艾迪伦包含有效的临床证明了自然成分 , 以解决男性激素调制的5个关键阶段 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行资源表示 , 虽然全部采取被看作是一个伸展的公司 , 但一些公司可能会在亚洲的一家公司包括hps的竞争力 , 例如中国的lenovo集团有限公司和台湾的公司 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	讨论了农业结构调整的必要性和思维 , 分析了湘南农业现状的基础 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单个基本模式垂直性表面限制激光潜在应用 , 如光网、光网、光网、光学存储等数据传输 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年 , 德国国防部推荐了几个军队基地 , 减少了1.3% , 减少了250 , 000名军队的数量 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	青林是新的 , 重量很好 , 可是她在别人的眼睛中 , </p>qilin去了董事 , 坚持自己的 , 董事们欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	2008年第四季度的增长数字显然如泥泞到大多数分析师 , 离开努力工作 , 世界上第三大经济的真正发生了什么 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全面的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的破产法律 , 应该重新改变现有银行法律的短缺 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过仿真和修改 , 得到了较为准确的实验数据 , 得到了用原子对亚氨酸多米辐射的振动曲线 , 最后得到了线性系数为0.995 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累答案 , 但因为我正在提交 , x就会让x变得更负面 , 同时它再次进入一个无限循环 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	约伯登 , 副总统 , 回应今天共和党禁止采访 , " 我听到了很多批评 , 但我从未听到任何东西 。
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一个独特的环境 , 山区有着艰难的生活形式 , 然而 , 挑战提供了适应和进化的必要的动机 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 它可以帮助实验 , 使葡萄糖血浆具有理想的价值 , 可以明显降低实验、节省人力资源和时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 所有的事情都考虑了罗伯特·斯格尔问安东尼·卡内瓦 , 乔治敦大学的教育和工作力 , 如果这个数字正确 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个person业务 , 邀请你们的精神或意义 , 一个信任的朋友知道你们的业务 , 假如你可以做到一个小时的费用 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国的能源巨大欢迎 , 达到 " 难以置信 " 的煤量的风险 , 当要求国内生产能力的时候 , 大量的专家相信 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了雕塑陶瓷作品 , 虽然抽象在自然世界 , 但简单的曲线 , 开发了生物形状和结构增长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节约计划是在儿童年轻的资产资产集中管理的一个非常积极的组成部分 , 随着学校附近的一个更保守的组合 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中药和晚期粉末 , 成熟的水果在小绿、高精度、高质量、适合早期春季的治疗或习惯 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国有很多4000家公司 , 根据百度的资金签署第一季度 , 在客户端的广告中 , 只有161万 , 0.4%的持有公司总结 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	越来越多的时候开放 , 看着雅虎开发商网络的采访 , 尼特的桌面获得了frid , 高级软件架构了时代开放的男人 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在1990年icrp建议中 , 介绍了一种新的重量因素 , 通过对吸收剂量的质量因素q来替代吸收剂量的质量因素 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	介绍了一种基于语言信号的全球闭路实例的方法 , 基于语言信号的全球闭路实例的研究 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	利物浦总统在上八场比赛前 , 贝明翰市访问前 , 利物浦经理声称他是 " 100% " 的球队将开始攀登表 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这个技术时 , 我们可以简单地识别gm植物 , 杀死gm株并没有打击传统植物 , " 她告诉她 。
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上跳出来 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " 比尔选择一位关于mu的心理3教授 , 以及研究的作者 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	虽然很多人仍然继续识别黑眼睛 , 但zoller表示 , 它从来没有在审计中出现 , 只要它也不会太重 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	上海、深圳、广州等大多数货币增长 , 中国城市获得了一定的加强 , 分别是反对大多数货币 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	结果 , 即使该选项提供了更小灵活性、反应性和扩展性 , 更容易使用静态vxml文件 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然卡尼瓦 , 人生 , 我们的情绪 , 聪明的触摸着心灵 , 重新清新思想 , 强烈的哈萨尔的内心带来了多样的味道 , 突然生活 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata , 另一家大型矿业公司 , 支持在多米尼尔共和国 , 同时 , 将其供应转换为煤 , 而不要在煤上开支 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据北京武山自然保护区的重要价值 , 可分为3种植类型、5种植类型、42种植类型、139种 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的东西 , 因为如果你在宇宙直径附近的答案 , 那么你会知道 , 你会知道你是一个原子的直径 , 那么你会知道你是错误的 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2010年15月15日 , 美国航天卫星上 , 先进的空间热排放和反射辐射器在nasa航天卫星上捕获这些虚拟分子图像 , 以及2003年1月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	由于染色体基因、转录学、蛋白质积累的信息 , 深入了解单分子的功能 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死海矿物改善皮肤细胞代谢减轻肌肉裂纹和稳定性 , 保护身体对流体损失和平衡酸性水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司的内容在于结合、正常化、温度高、中高温和中温问卷、现金带问卷、水泥、水泥、时间冻结、高温处理等 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	马海南 ; 南南大学化学工程系 ; 中国化学纤维修饰实验室 ; 东华大学化学材料 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约:nasau县警察在星期五在最好的买电子商店 , 标志着传统的购物季节的传统开始 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国援助者罗德尼·克宁汉姆的志愿者 , 感谢给低收入家庭提供食品 , 他将会把自己送到四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 吴子有一种新颖的能量 , " 孟明华说 , 今年的剧院节的艺术主任 。 " 在内容和预算方面 , 他们给我们完成自由 。
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	在欣赏展览之后 , 科尔先生在展览会上买了几种显示方式 , 并在购买图片的业务上询问 , 显示出心脏的影响 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	本文从内部粘度、二甲醇含量、熔点、碳结束、聚合粒子、粉末等方面分析了纤维素芯片的检测结果 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在追随儿子的眼睛里 , 丰富的兄弟们正在传播 , 比如玉发光的脸 , 显示出人们心脏的心脏 , 使人心脏变得完美 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 吴州皇帝库布兰克汉在统一战争结束后 , 一旦发布了一个订单解决城市墙 , 严格禁止修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在离子直径管和上皮细胞中发现的 , 主要表达到pdgf的表达 , 但在移植动脉冲中也相等表达 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	朱莉·詹森说: " 多少人都是 " , 我不知道我想要的东西 , 但我知道我的客户并不能强调他们的薪水 " 。
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	任何级别的政府预算包括在低水平下降的政府收入 , 政府收入重新抵消或补贴高水平 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	你可能会有一些愉快、令人愉快、令人愉快 , 甚至在贫困的房子里 , 设置阳光从窗户的窗户中反映出来 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少有20名当地马德拉斯学生已经消失了 , 大多数可能加入阿富汗战斗 , 他说 , 塔利班后者甚至试图阻止传统音乐和舞蹈 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据中国医学院的诊断和程度进行评估 , 选取了81例中医儿童哮喘患者的81例患者 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这是基于aix5.3的变化 , 当你不再需要转移严格的xclient , 增加了minfraee和maxfram , 或减少mixperm和maxclient 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	虽然早些时候 , cbos的电压指数或维克斯.维克斯 , 华尔街所谓的恐惧标准下跌 , 尽管在交易商们看到的原因下降 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教会议会在199年在澳大利亚城市、南非 ; 2004年在巴塞罗纳、西班牙、西班牙和2009年建立 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在打击北美洲的尾巴结束 , 可能是病毒可能会出现并重复下一个秋天 , 但这给我们准备好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 知道每场比赛都是可赢的 , " 拉姆·奥托星期六在实践赛后说 , " 所以我们下午10分钟 , 六分钟左右 , 我们知道我们可以回来和赢得 。
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	最重要的是 , 建立和证明了tmcs的工作流程 , 进入企业客户系统的工作流程依赖于航空线书籍和证明gds的能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	在一份声明中 , 保守消防部门已经签署了多年的交易 , 作为一个fox新闻的贡献者 , 电缆通道的执行副总裁billsh说 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	国际社区花费了500万美元的投票 , 美国高级官员在最近几周都承认 , 美国官员将远离完美 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	" 因此 , 当设计研究对黄酮类食品、抗氧化活性和变化病之间的联系时 , 需要考虑饮食习惯 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后 , 我们还可以实现oct稳定性和电子传输 , 如果你看到的元素只是一个小的电子波稳定性 , 或者小点的电子传输 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效位置算法和误差估计 , 提出了基于化学shev映射的公钥方案 , 并给出了一种关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇、三甲醛和氨基化合物 , 制备了六种新型schiff基底三聚酯 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带来了很多古老的包装案例和破坏厨房椅的座位 , 以及那种类型的东西 , 把它们传播到拉夫身上 , 这样 , 就要做一些地板 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	可口可乐南太平洋去年运行广告称为 " 母亲&mybus " , 特色是澳大利亚演员克里坚强 , 声称厨房是 " 孩子安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 人类胚胎肺纤维细胞的恶性转化可能由cofc诱导出来 , 可能对人类有潜在的癌症 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光对单晶硅薄膜的生长或单晶硅薄膜基质的单晶硅薄膜的增长 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私人二级学校不可能成功地成功 , 对自己的环境有益 , 吸引学生的高质量 , 学校必须有高质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论她2的表达状况与胃心肌癌密切相关 , 她2的阳性表达是胃腺癌的重要前景 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcrrrrrrna对两种细胞线的表达及cxcr4表达进行了研究 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	虽然纽约的生活保险增加了155亿美元的美国生活保险公司的资本 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	建立语言的脚本 , 比如govy或ruby , 更容易读取 , 更小的cutter、boilplate代码 , 以及您的创建脚本可以更好 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马的秋天并没有摧毁了新文化中最重要的倾向和重要的方面 , 罗马天主教堂 , 这仍然成为新文化的中心事实 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西利先生是一位80岁的抗议员克莱 , 他曾经花费了他的生命宣布共和党领导人 , 共和党领导人 , 共和党领导人 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国婴儿体育家正在涌入退休 ; 在欧洲市场正在绿化 ; 印度和中国大量的大量的学生们都会有很多真正的高质量候选人 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年 , 尼古尔电影 " chinatown " 基于投资者的格拉伯 , 波特水部在1930年代 , 与owenens谷地区的水力部门战争 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	利用gb/t-19230.62003指定的测试方法 , 研究了不同油藏在空气输入阀和燃烧室的影响 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果数百多名海地人能迁徙 , 这些海地人 , 那么海地人数和海地人数的数字建议 , 海地将会给海地经济带来巨大和持续的欢迎 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记住 , 中国拒绝了日本的旅游者 , 并且保持三分之三的日军力量 , 防止他们从军事部队转移到其他合作力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我猜我甚至说 , 即使我不会做出一个重要的直接金融输入我们的家庭 , 志愿者工作 , 我做的很重要 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回来的大气越来越多 。 </p><p>1周的老年和雨虹一起吃 , 两个人在老周感觉很好的信号 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	相对新的竞选团体 , 比如英国不断加入传统政治参与 , 包括贸易协会、绿色和草原组织 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	采用双峰值对ping北地区的平衡温度特征 , 意味着pinghu形成的水碳填充量至少有两次 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	这种流体是如此热烈的 , 它制作了超级高温50°c , 至少有32次的碳酸盐岩的水生率增加 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	本文研究了高温蒸汽生产的高温蒸汽对绿茶中gcg含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧形轨迹的几何模型 , 并给出了其分析解决方案 , 这是目标攻击分析的一种新的算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我的意见上 , 晚餐党可以加强朋友之间的友谊 , 但不会忘记我们不应该放弃别人的痛苦 , 而且享受自己 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	展览的各种功能:会议室、信息发布、食品站、广告栏等 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中期文化年的礼物 , 全球文化大使最终将在印度海洋上举行的珍珠 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业馆在城市文明的亭台附近 , 日本总是注意到参加世界博览会 , 确保不会失望你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧、东欧、澳大利亚、中东、中东、东南亚和美国 , 我们每月都有常规的船 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三十五条合同的有限订单可以立即执行订单必须立即执行 , 或者必须立即执行 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的是他对他主权的忠诚 , 蒋蒙是诗人 , 学者和著名部长 , 相信在朝鲜和朝鲜时期的儒家主义 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	女孩的服装 , 装饰 , 夹克 , 鞋子 , 裙子 , 分布的裙子 , 裤子 , 生物和手镯 , 布莱什和短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	拥有 " 大感 " 的商业正在绘画出色彩地球作为良好的信念者或未来的蓝色印刷的描述 , 或指出未来的一代maz ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	研究结果表明 , gekogeko可能提高患者的卵巢功能 , 同时也可以提高卵巢功能障碍、卵巢不孕等 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的探讨用电镜检查方法对脑外周神经损伤的机制和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	结合某些项目例子 , 计算了桥梁可导航宽度 , 并分析了几个建议 , 提出了几个实现现当前导航标准的建议 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这支乌尔兰队中 , 马西·佩里拉的伤病时候 , 最后一分钟的比赛变成了威尔兰的守卫时间 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月27日出生于华盛顿的歌手玛丽娅·凯莉出生于1970年3月27日出生 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地军官平静的利亚松官格雷斯特说 , 如果他们的旗帜飞行 , 他们就会面临成功的驾驶员 , 或是一个循环驾驶员 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 随着阿拉伯思想的六天战争记忆 , 他因为一名犹太女子、巴布拉·斯鲁斯和电影的女孩而造成了四场战争 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄站在远后面 , 围绕着软绿谷的溪流 , 所有关于海洋的三岁的儿童的风暴和热情 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品不仅表达到了当前事务的完美融合和审美特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	2008年 , 最大的帕丁森 , 他承认他仍然被法尼斯特尼亚人所使用的 , 这是他在2008年第一次举行的奥运爱德华·卡伦 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	奥巴马说 , 当危机不折磨和市场的时候 , 投资者看起来很便宜的股票 , 预计收益在18至24个月 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 进一步的军队削减 , 两者希望 , 可能在2010年推动电池核非增殖治疗的路径 。
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年7月7日7月7日 , 西班牙的目标制造商诺尔在2010年7月7日在德国马布希达球场的半决赛中获得了进球 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	在恢复过程中 , 福特表示 , 将开始在最近几个月的400 , 000辆汽车水平上推动其库存水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	街上说 , 大卫卡梅隆已经决定用自己的个人照片停止使用 , 因此 , 避免 " 公共释放 " 错误信号 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自从2010年2月选举以来 , 元库夫奇先生在两个方向上移动 , 巩固自己的个人力量 , 还追求欧盟的经济整合 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 配备复制 , 单杠式水力盘前刹车 , 液压后脚刹车 , 停止钢轮 , 进入红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天大电视屏幕上 , 42岁的伊丽莎白 , 她的父亲在24岁的正式镜头上面面 , 面临着她的父亲 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐将提高185 , 000美元的皇家公园 , 为第二部影片提供设置 , " 桥琼斯:原因的边缘 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自1956年英国独立于1956年 , 苏丹的北部领导人已经足够扩大了他们的力量 , 在过去的48年中 , 全部民事战争 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这是 , 直到十九世纪的大拱形学发现 , 二十世纪 , 对于我们在东部的伟大的文明 , 我已经绘制了一个相似的生活地图 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	snfordc.bernstein分析师jeffreylindsay估计yahohoho的股价更近25美元 , 每股25美元 , 每股25美元 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	突然他有一个危机 , 我不愿意进入银行的深度 , 因为他们希望更多的钱 , 更多的投资银行 , 华尔街对抵押贷款进行不同的报纸 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品的复制 , 总共381磅 , 因此 , 将它们分布到欧洲学者的访问 , 杰达瓦·辛格在他的 " 引入马迪亚美哲学 " 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家sobekatshiro和mizunoryo继续遵循日本美丽的理想风格 , 其中一个画出了他的铅笔 , 另一个建立了第三大气 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有许多其他旅游区 , 比如多欧元 , 温柏里斯 , 德罗斯 , 哥斯塔·索尔 , 科斯塔尔 , 科斯塔尔 , 多数旅游和地方旅游都不知名 。
