there is a television in the middle of living room .	住房中间有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新建筑上 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	必要的话 , 我们将送电报回家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	你把他们固定在你第一次的厨房里 , 把它们固定起来 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	难以置信的朱克斯塔位置是不可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他过去了他的牛 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但他的老师评论: " 你还不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是中国梦的一年 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	2010年10月17日 , 我将加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里无什么样子 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料的供应大大增强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种行走牵引器运行在柴油油上 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一个塑料盖 , 用于一个类型的作家 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它有刚果红色的螺旋结构 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是学生 , 我们免费收费 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是什么心理学家梦想在晚上 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那时他不会突然被离开 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了评价批评 ; 愤怒 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人嫁给赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元的钱 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多 , 请问一点沉淀吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力被反应力的力量击败 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	联系老知识 , 揭示新课 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	一定是华清池 。 这是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	我的小蜡烛燃烧了 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我已经称之为 " 维基维基 。 "
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	病人遭受 , 死亡正在遭受 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	表示每个阀门的操作声级 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们被划成直线 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	布:这里的地方正在看鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在巴黎的一次聚会后 , 维罗拉塔返回 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	有些人来自狭窄的监狱细胞 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	当夫妇回家时 , 沙玛问她丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我采取深入的吸入 , 抑郁在新鲜 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	2003年到2007年早晨 , 我是一名编辑 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	随着这场伟大的胜利 , 不合理的预期 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近在公司做了很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但固定的沙丘是物种之间的矛盾 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听到那样 , 她的脸向嘴唇走了白色 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	据说 , 经济增长不够 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子多脏 ! 它有许多灰尘 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后 , 约书亚让人们离开 , 每个人都到他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	例如 , 有一个字符libra应该承认 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	在回家的路上 , 有几个旅客希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了doap主页的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆车来了 , 一辆车去 , 两辆汽车bong , 一人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古老的野生独自和海豚连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我对我的荣誉感到愤怒 , 我不知道这件事 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是使用绑定/unbind方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多花有几个破碎的肋骨 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	苏菲里是一种特殊的负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活中最好的东西之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好吧 , 我们知道 , 这是相反的计划3 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	即使是孩子 , 摩西选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家的家庭变成了教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看看parleys.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	储存10个月的阴影房间和干燥的地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	详细地给出了一个查看它们的选择 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在一家宠物店买了一个喷雾的沙姆波 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性被系统使用 , 不应修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 杰克的狗小了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰罗忘了 , 他自行车下降了 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	参加者:当然 , 奶油和糖 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的接待却是最平坦的 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅再次在公园见面约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我已经丢了我的字典 , 请给我留下你的 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英语文章如此困难 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这就是我们如何得到的范围 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说话 , 她和世界没有联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由交叉区连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克里默:我发现美国的倡议很高 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去一般的东西都是博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	不 。 这就是人们如何指的是小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她耐心等待法国完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁都有下列的基本属性
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些是各种类型的供应商包装 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接穿过的是阿科建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400的伟大的vowel移动开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为单构性的零售属性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的兄弟和妹妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	那么 , 家庭的保护是什么 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 福纳发现她在口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 我们和他一起都没有人 。 "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在我们在那里有一个非常强大的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米小于苏 。 苏恩比李小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	柔软的皮肤 , 红唇 , 所以可吻 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 元数据存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他是完美的 , 但强烈的记者 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	它看起来都是所有的元素 , 并且行为同样 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	必须卸载文件系统 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	你是说 , 你是否拥有吗 ? 父亲 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	周一 , 你觉得我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	通过软件开关设置支持j1939 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生一直在与星节工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	赢家是第一次在一个空间中抽取三个人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张斌简单回答 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看不到比令人惊讶的肌肉制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛浏览成小峰 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	她的爱人抛弃了她的爱人 , 她就离开了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的人不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个议院 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻通过观众发出了一块泥泞 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后电池在轮子里驱动电机 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请返回学校完成的形式 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张照片值一千个字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这完全是错误的答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 霜 , 海上返回 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	轮胎老了 , 已经平滑了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的伙伴本周可能会有些恐惧 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我一直在对我所有的权利感到相反 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	去除链驱动轮从cankshaft 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是校园里的英雄性格 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但命运并没有给他们留下机会 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要把它放在水平上 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子在传送机上太接近了 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	泰西德里:好吧 。 你的行李吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	增加真正的常数 , 由河流增加 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送去大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一声喊道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联的骑士在他的装甲里死了 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水从喉咙下来 , 他开始醒来 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像玉石一样的花和精神 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们住在哪种土地吗 ? 好坏吗 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一块铜 , 用河驱下 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 否则最大限度 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	不 , 我觉得你可以去 , 我甚至不能得到旗帜吗 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的chores中 , 把一分钟放在一起 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督对他的母亲说什么 , 使她想哭泣 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道 , 50年来最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你认为这些更抽象的东西 , 那么你就会想到 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个学期 , 我一年都可以看到父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法对甲醇中原材料溶解 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	我是为了她的眼睛 , 用爱照亮 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但信用是汽车业务的生命血 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者对你有一个序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你是否有经验去你的帕贾马吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬毛很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和他的妻子是一个幸福的夫妻 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 关于它将涉及的事情有很多不确定性 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决策快速的时候 , 所以我们就会想到 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在玩完后直接回家 , 你怎么样 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行动并非与他的话一致 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 。 他很高 , 强壮 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但是他们太恐怖了 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写了这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一名巴根...谁崇拜的偶像 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在那个数字游戏中它转换为1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请改变单个房间 , 洗澡 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但改变的事情是 , 这是令人失望的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行官从来没有看过任何事情 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	过度享受 , 她从房子里冲出来 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	苦苦干扰生活 ; 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它把我们的房子变成葬礼帐篷 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	也许好奇是一个更好的话 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以 , 这是溶液混合物的地方 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能给我一个提升到下一个城镇 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	输入箱后输入几条新线 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	阿:这里有什么样的绿色来吗 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有的交流都在写作 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 小裙子正在时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以在一个家庭中引起钻石 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	一个网站已经选择了新学校 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他取代了他的兄弟 , 作为进球员 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的花朵 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周也许是个例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导体:银镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	我还没有从杰特拉格恢复过 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	火炬象征着亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮充满了西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生儿的孩子中提起了这些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但首先 , 有人必须把他们带到他们的运输池里 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们在房间里 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后把东西放在火上 , 燃烧 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章都可以在我们的书籍中获得 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住那是坏的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 不管怎样 , 债务会大 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	我记得回来 , 我在回家路上遇见你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停止每头3200美元的时钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有时钟的问题 , 你需要修正那些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司机设备 , 用户需要联系我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	这项政策不会根据人民的意愿 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我称之为时 , 他在汉姆摩克的时候 , 打电话 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上一张护照大小照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	大象 , 你的耳朵像圆形 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嘿 , 你周五是免费的吗 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.roundrobin的顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我忽视了工作 , 伤害了我的心 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得有些风在那个 。 微笑 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿飞可以通过植物干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场 , 18岁 , 河板 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	路上 , 我不想一夜飞 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过了公共汽车 , 因为他迟到 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进了森林 , 手中枪 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 。 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他已经有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑不放在项目0中 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么所有最好的党都在岛屿上找到了 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有直、上切 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	地主把新炉放在我的房间里 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	公司是一家世界领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一个扭曲的毛发被暗示 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	开发了费米算子的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深化的事情 , 正如你教的那样 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 ! " 麦格说 。
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给出一些数据来解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9锤钻每个湾 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来那么不满 , 我拿了钱 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	这是我的第一次爱 , 我也怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你是否需要在非hk股票中交易 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在在我的家里已经过20年了 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗会学不到新技巧 。
minutes of board committee meetings	董事会委员会会的几分钟会议 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们在饥荒中被惩罚 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头上倾斜 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员有一个尖锐的洞 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	区别l值和r值之间 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	闪光 , 你不能有任何不满 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好吧 。 我有五分钟左 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是大象的一段时间 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	张力计可以做到足够小的 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远离大连是多少钱 ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	安装的灯具是哪里 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 诚挚的心 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国迅速上升了这个共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会赢得背骨的战斗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	它鼓励你 , 相反 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	我记得几年前来到这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员要和平心 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图在火中保持头部 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看吗 ? 选择吃饭 , 比如食物 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛闪烁着松弛和快乐 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须可持续 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方来获得创业资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们还是独立的 , 他们是互补的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵们躺在酒吧里 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 非常清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你要去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把声音降低到一个威斯特 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本天然气设备检测assn 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	噢 , 他是一个白色的沙发粉丝吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最爱的三角形 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说 , 总是拿你的财产 。
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我很充分 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的部分兴趣都是不可保证的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望下次他能看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤亨庆 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和那些衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但这也是一个存在的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	船只打破岩头 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他被必要的驱动到偷窃 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班里有五十个学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我会买那美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你很高兴在麻烦的水中钓鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我会带我的叶子 , 像蝴蝶一样 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一个3picemafiastyle适合 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	帕斯qualegiunta:确定有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	未发现这种指定的整体型物种 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	牛津对世界产生了巨大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长规矩放在铅盒里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	其他人说 , 只要他们欺骗 , 还是滥用你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	你如何在大脑锁上时应该如何处理 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	如果我有翅膀 , 我会飞到月球 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	蜜蜂 , 我的本子实际上在哪里 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树 。 当时 , 年轻时 , 是年轻人 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们都是哈佛 , 所以我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	梅皮尔失去了他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	1970年停止给他病 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后 , 他在胸部穿着湿衣 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	远程很高兴到达 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想要绿莓成为我的调查员 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还为单一图写了预言 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维罗特说 , 她将达到边界 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	男人从口袋里抽出一笔笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她晚上将在她的线上运行 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽打得更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在大雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆吸烟了 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿那件坏吗 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	我们必须在苏菲亚回来时开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说的时候 , 我看了牛 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼斯 , 你说什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	牛排像皮革一样艰难 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你有没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	晚上需要多久才能做晚衣 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫类可以影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗涤机电机v带 ;
the young tree has struck root .	这棵年轻的树有根 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂从勺子上拿出来 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学英语歌 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须明确地下降 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 黑了 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们对这些变异产生了我们的存在 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你需要两个文档 , 然后困难他们 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	一个好的系统验证测试器是什么 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你说的最低点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校 , 但在生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李莉打败吉姆 , 赢得第一位 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	奎:每次她来时都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人感觉如此冷 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是三个家庭唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	谢谢您呼吁日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华从所有的遗传中拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴会告诉他们他们有枪杀我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	莫西莉·梅尔去哪里 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢了一些 , 你失去了一些 。 这就是生活 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持那个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那一年 , 那天 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体被发现在地板洞里 。
knive are used to cut things .	刀用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何才能建城无雨 !
peace is always relational .	和平一直是关系的 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克·鲁塞尔是什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要从她的职责中把她带走 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 威斯特尼亚的花朵是否 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想知道今晚会带什么 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你原谅我这么病 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进树林里 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	原谅我打断你 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	杰夫喜欢与杰伊登玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想被告知成长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	不过你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油改变之前 , 停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	入侵者们射击了城镇 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有事情都改变 , 我们和他们改变 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以他们从门上开车了奖金 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我认为他们的最后一场胜利只是一场流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	此外 , 他只是一个孩子 。
lily some money me the other week .	李莉莉是另一周的钱 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是巴西利第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们正在等待 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试着睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以用手镯治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	政府也被激怒了 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在帕特里克买一只牛仔吗 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听见有人跳过来 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是良好的种子的苗子 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须在docot修改列车 。
beat me half to death with it .	打我半人死了 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃太多的汉堡 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她被带着惊人的感觉 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后周末艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	一个狼的轨道是多大 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大动脉可溶性 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成了安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上大坝 。
the bill was sent to her room .	这笔账单被送到她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	你的汽车手工或自动 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它帮助你不太多 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这就是我认为金融是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他 ! 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	程序是什么特别的 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我永远不能他们 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸爸的指导 !
losers hangout with losers .	失败者汉戈因失败者而丧失 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	一个羞愧的感觉来到她 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候 , 都有座带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家庭 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来了我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请快速开一点 !
tingting seems nervous .	丁丁似乎紧张 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是鸟类观察员 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把收件机挂起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发型 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手在鱼融化 。
but there's reason for hope .	但是 , 希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的文章是如何从订单中出来的 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一个震惊 , 突然说出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么能把价格放在生活上 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你能理解什么 , 他 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像一只脂肪猫 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得同样 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同领导风格的工作 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有很多方法来杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里有很多油罐 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳索 , 一个绳索 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们把敲开 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义了三个操作
he spends gold like soil .	他花了金像土壤一样 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些都拿到 。
power elevation mill head .	电力提升机头 。
that gives me the creeps .	这给我带来了蠕动 。
ianto: that's just me .	安托:那只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是安达斯的主人 。
it was from the sugar i think .	这是从糖中我想到的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么这次救赎 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得不过是热 !
and put bomb craters in there .	把炸弹炮放在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧演奏了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我拿了一些小课 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动并得到股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	滑到大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我喜欢马德里 !
it does have intentions .	它有意图 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	假死你 !
what is the name of that process ?	那个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的asq朋友之一...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小的 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自学者吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建一个.tc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但是它仍然是好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 , 是的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	那么 , 我怎么做 ?
when did you start to act ?	你是什么开始行动 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢沙姆波 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的伟大的母亲 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是个工作贫困吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学中国人 。
but the gang goes on .	不过 , 门上去了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的 。
what's montague ?	什么是蒙特加 ?
time never comes back .	时间永远不回来 。
as in organ donor .	正如在组织捐款者一样 。
are you a salesman ?	你是个销售员吗 ?
we just don't know .	我们只是不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础的 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉到它 !
d a digit	dd一个数字
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车规模化工艺简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	阿尔玛父亲急忙忙救这些丢失的羔羊...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发人员谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	照片俱乐部拍摄了一张照片 , 去孟多诺...
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以我们在20世纪中期的选择必须是一个非常聪明的 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单元矢量 , 那么我应该把这段时间缩小到长度 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	威比安有巨大的铁墨石 , 肯东指出 , 那年的手 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续作为学校的主席卡贝先生 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让我们代表事故电子的总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近几年来 , 大脑水平成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义上 , 它是自编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	毫无疑问 , 或未能完成父母的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	当你kayak时 , 战斗迅速 , 把巨大的梅通河冲下来 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将自身修复 , 或可以留下几年不修复 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践了面部表达式 , 我就像狼一样 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这发生了五六次 , 猴子很愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	所以我们认为dwarf突变剂 " ddf1 " 是ga敏感 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	正如在佛罗里的部落 , 所以在上帝的王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有许多传奇有关兰节起源的传奇 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	在妇女的情况下 , 通常包括性侵犯 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	睡眠是防止颈癌发生的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	关闭笔门正确防止羊离开 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	听到的多态度 , 在他的医学上受到赞赏 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	参议员:我看到你自己被抓到了一只马龙鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈妈 。 我会教她去骑边 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它为一起运行的应用提供了机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	台虎有另一个名字 , 福西 , 一个古老的三皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twist可以帮助解除内脏器官和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	男性马拉德鸭是他们长期以来著名的 , 螺旋性生殖器 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如此 , 即使解决立即问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	看看那样 , 你走的时候 , 不像愚蠢 , 却像智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	橡胶安装 ; 有限元模型 ; 静弹性特性 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创造中国世界杯的上海路体育场建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领土中 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	这对你来说是否 , 但我只有周末才有时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人来说 , 我认为他的最大的抽象是 , 像一个或多个双重使用 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误的方向上得到了醉酒 , 然后把家抱在错误的方向 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	数字从阿富汗贸易联盟获得支付 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到我们只有一个生命 , 还能加强信服 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个快乐是不可思议的 , 来自农民的廉价的黄金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	那天没有否认自己的任何人都必须从他的人民中削减 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	酒店开始适应男宠和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪万西安事件和罗拉 , 中国 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:你好 , 我是阴谋 , 凯瑟琼斯 。 你的名字是什么 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	马米是薄薄的朋友很好 , 所有的祝福都是最好的 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗妮 , 小鸟和牛仔喝蜜 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好的 , 这是一个直向的 , 还是...不会吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	可消费市场繁荣稳定 , 货物供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都对他们 , 书店 , 因为你知道 , 你知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期可靠性的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	你可能知道在数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	你也可以尝试使用google先进的命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们也在希腊的美国社区里也有着激烈的情绪 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市既有城乡双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他会太错了 , 他是一个伟大的总统 。 "
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个稍微的 , 金属声音 , 像硬币一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我正在完成 , 没有点在做歌舞 , 舞蹈 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停止消息 , 男孩 ! 我试图做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪钩可用于任何函数的入口或出口 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我之前来到了商业 , 但这次我在这里看 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季时间 " 是美国最长的制度 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	它似乎大多数中国人使用了一个改进的emule , 滥用服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局的格鲁斯特董事会 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的证据有助于把几个超越者放在酒吧后面 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试最好的减少损害到最小 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	德国每天吃早餐的一个印象深刻的75% 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	googlegoble网络探索器的市场与chrome共享
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	这是我爸爸第一年买了季票来剪辑 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还祝福我们 , 我们能记住我们以前的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	手工铁路和禁止人应该为无锈钢管建造 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天安方是世界上最大的广场 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化股骨性脑炎疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	适用于塑性变形的应力通常是压缩的 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是我国最大的粮食生产区之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里克·布莱尔在乔治奥尔威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个虫子 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了促进这个任务 , birt提供了数据探索器视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:好吧 , 凯尔斯医生 , 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	塞尔吉奥:是的 , 确然是最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	令人惊讶的是 , 男孩能快速解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	让我们假设你有一个子团队在私人分支工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了时代和杂志的心理学 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经在科学中构建了二元化的问题 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术是交流 , 也许人们可以从这个方面得到一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我的意思是 , 你已经谈论如何不适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 道是手持计算器吗 ? " 小说问 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新的思想正在渗透到年轻的一代思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	还有另一个细节我喜欢这张照片 , 作物脚 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来了更强烈的雨水期间的干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员都在搜索他的或她的图书馆后 , 都会把它放在后面 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	然后 , 创造就根源于三元神的相互爱 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你要永久的话 , 你会在哪里削减花费 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	除了代码表性能外 , 好的程序员也努力为代码清晰度 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的兄弟学会骑自行车 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季是我们的 , 随着它来到西方的季节 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在日常使用前与它玩 , 例如错过重大调用 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们习惯于大型非毒动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是第一次英国人和其他人有关的时候 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	大英国野花没有什么东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究了不同的家庭护理的可分类belean组 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	任何尺寸限度的范围都应该被包装成更小的一个 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个薄薄的 , 白发男人正坐在木座上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但他仍然承认基督徒 , 因为他们面对死亡的方法 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五个步骤 , 你可以帮助你的机器跑得更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	这份报告在埃利娜奥蒂斯的伤口边缘发现了头发 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , 一个cms存储在数据库中的所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	这个过程类似于论文流率的方法 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的母亲正在为客户包装一些香蕉肉 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	左边是罗马皇帝哈里亚的一个寺庙 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接由消息接收器完成 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:吸烟是有毒的 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效果和罗氏基因间隔 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我建议 " 小城英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了钛计的应用条件及方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	无论咖啡因是否会减少细胞 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	一个9to5工作调度提供足够的时间来放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ? 几个例子吗 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	船员不能找到船上的任何东西 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名死亡的士兵在一个残疾状态下躺在一起 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	你总是可以在下午或下午 , 或者下午 , 或者下午 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年的贫困线总数:815 , 755
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	康南居民说 , 飞机已经破坏了三块 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国庆的来临 , 我有一个星期的假期 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应物在表现上是激烈的 , 但现实上却是费用的 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	男孩发挥了强烈的作用 , 最小化他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这是我们还没有拖着摩利的地方 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我当前生活的一个必须的城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须进行调查 , 直到所有事实都发现 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了周围诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	旅客们用海病变成绿色 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请用清洁的纸 , 请用清洁的纸 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一名诺贝尔女士在自己的权利中举行了签证的范围 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	因此 , 可以帮助消除城市污染的有害影响 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多专业技术有助于考古学 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态经济产量和森林产量的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算结果在数据的每个分区都是平行的 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员已经确定炸弹作为汉武云 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道的白色体瘤是一种罕见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	故障字符串是人类可读的故障描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	共同开展各种部门的努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不会遇到这两个条件的任何人 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这件事吗 ? 你没有比其他事情吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	密切地安排了微克里达的裂缝 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早晨 , 大多数突破的山塘应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我以为这会带着一个微笑的展览 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些菠萝比特 , 有些东西可以平静下来 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你保持收藏 , 那么当你会有财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	两个人都呼吸着同样的热 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	噢 , 我喜欢新奥尔良 , 但我想回家去看塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁 , 所以我会做电影很慢 , 很慢 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	谢谢奥巴马所有的nasa削减 , 你大责任 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们应该为所有无限的感情 , 所以回到 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 到年底 , 它已经发现了:它是一个错误的警报 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数人都要求他们收到的谴责 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我感到非常沮丧 , 不喜欢做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要的步骤 , 也可以成为调整最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	对于开发信任而言 , 垃圾分子也变得更加复杂 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制人员表示 , 沙里波夫已经报道 , 船员正在感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	球员在自己的力量上 , 经过艰苦的工作 , 然后实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	答:绝对 , 它给球队带来了巨大的机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你所形成的桥梁方式和你所知道的所有都是由此生命构成的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们都有裙子和裤子 , 看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗衣室里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端是蓝龙和白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	为malware开采 , 他们的thar代理日志里有金 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	老凯:对不起 , 第二位年轻的老师 。 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺马 , 因为她真的是真正的人 , 永远不放弃 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨晚神破坏了我的灵魂 , 放在一个新的灵魂中 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	从边缘到典型的黑色旅游发展 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	愿我们拥有爱和信仰 , 幸福和慈善 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	所以 , 另一种形式是分享上帝的话 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我把我的头埋在那里 , 但我的姨妈听见我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿业和石油股市下跌 , 特别是伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的成像发现从来没有在文学上报道 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三个级别有交通教育课 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	你会有一段时间 , 充满谋杀性的看法会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我特别是 , 你最喜欢的椅子是特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是两个月的焦炭 , 是一个心碎的悲剧 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二次 , 让我们去 。 我们怎么做 ? 告诉我怎么做 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节日win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	女人带着上帝的祝福 , 必须遵守 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	物理考试中不容易用 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济观点显著恶化 ; 或是经济观点 。
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿里斯托邦的鸟儿 ( 下载pdf
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和拖动从开始到结束你希望测量的点 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	搅拌在巴西尔 。 斯潘在米饭里吃饭 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件的对应 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但我认为 , 除非你结婚 , 否则继承它 , 还是工作很难 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观的角度看到了他们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界能否真正保证这个巨大的风险 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 有大量的火焰细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:$56400美元/97400美元
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称 , gizmo甚至可以改善你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天 , 今天看到哈尔伯尔的人是可能的吗 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风场下 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	亚历克斯:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿和我一起去 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后一只腿约翰举了他 , 然后开始把他拿起来 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离婚了丈夫 , 现在是独自生活的 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	支出30分钟的时间正在寻找正确的笔 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束面具的事情 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的女性有毛 ? [1]
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	体积控制由mccormack微线驱动提供 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉如果他们正在用电线擦拭我的脸 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西是农业领域著名的先锋 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短规模时间系列具有多分形性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我命令了头发 , 但你给了我绿色的蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从厚的公共汽车后面射出毒箭 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国的导师文化符号的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推动前进 , 成功最终会遇到你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以把电子邮件地址转换成谷歌账户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷关不可接受 " 一张 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海口是海南省海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的董事是王凯刚教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了偶像模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	这是米菜、汤和帕斯塔的一个很好的补充 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	在画面前 , 一个好的画面显示出来 , 每个画面都是完成的 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想添加佛山 , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的速度 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	圆桌的少数男人有很多心来消失他们 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能甚至不会冒险的伤害或者饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知道的那样 , 互联网的特点是虚构和双重的 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚 , 人们如何穿不同的衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	用手工 , 你可以在任何地方享受花茶 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	室外使用的真空扫描器有强大的石油发动机 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云时 , 我是寒冷的 , 感冒和悲伤的 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我会感到痛苦 , 使我周围的人不快乐 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你叫它一个脚本小孩语言 , 记得吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一个和每个后续的bezierspeline只需要三个点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	神话与神话的地方 , 但却是一个非常真正的破裂 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	我们参观的第二个地方是蒙哥村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮钩使一个手更容易 , 更快 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这次是商业喷气行业中的那些人 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变默认门 , 打击输入关键二次 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后 , 讨论了jmi的程序和应用 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	他说他没有回忆到会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全感到惊奇 , 自然的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的东西 , 零不存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	人民在我们中期和平生活 , 缓慢发展 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	画面板是所有视图portlet都放置的地方 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼高迪 , 从西班牙 , 主要的论文 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接待者问: " 你看过一名医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后最后 , 一个无论你还是有什么意义的工具 !
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天都有七个课 。 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是地球上的一个人 , 开门到光线上 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们有银行制度和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃撞到桌子的角落 , 破坏了对冲击 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	后来到达船只已经消失了所有的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多人都想要关系和孩子 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	有时候 , 一只蜜蜂在传递中失去了路 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以在哪里吃真正的驴来消防它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫友谊7号的小胶囊中被称为友谊 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 我没有未来的东西 , 你知道 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐败是实践和理论的重大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得我正在跑进旷野 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学拥有一支训练良好的老师 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	但是 , 强烈的压力规则可能会让蛋糕离开 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染器决定最终渲染器的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花使岩石的土地亮 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	只有对那些人来说 , 苏米是母语的人 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	亚当和埃德伦的花园里与上帝谈话 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	平平的母亲是地区护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家把缺血针放到我的静脉里 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请按照合同进行修改 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说 , 他的朋友是自信改变桌子 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她很高兴地用sobs打开了一个声音 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道 , 其他的一面要怎么快 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他大声喊着 , 随着他走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩上建造沙弹 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是最后一个房屋泡沫的泡沫 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果听起来很好 , 请问如果我可以看到结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在明星中 , 有些单位有瞬间攻击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这位新型的疼痛者不用长时间来表现疼痛吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们能预计这是两个正常人之间第一次日期吗 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	后来我发现世界上充满了胜利者 , 有人说不 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦你完成后 , 你可以使用你的房子 。 让垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 还有年轻人愿意为波尼表达而骑 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它显示了从头部和尾部记录中所有的信息...
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海上交易史的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	在第1部分中 , 您学习了如何创建一个oex服务器应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个情况下 , 这是一个好的计划 , 我们不应该编辑 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	从实现细节中分开测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你生活中的多少部分会变成 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	放置更小的粘贴 , 使得更新的效果 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把nun转化成一个闭盘 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	geminis在语言上经常很好 , 讲话和写作 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我为啤酒付了 , 所以我在最后的瓶子上打电话 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你 , 我希望我回到加拿大 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	你需要计算多少时间的分配将采取 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	不过明天晚上 , 你下一次是免费的 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	玛丽勒骨站与家庭边界电脑包装 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	不要留下她穷 , 病 , 或者不漂亮 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	让我们决心今天不要收集贪婪 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性和构建有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和对照组有异构性和异构性摄入 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 具有黄盖的2个独立条件 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机越来越受欢迎 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它交给瓶装水工业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	飞行天堂谷谷的春季演讲 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信上说 , 这是一切 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把握一句话会导致15年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一个温柔而柔软的河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今晚工作清理了事情 , 所有事情 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请把那堆半圆形砖 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男人吓了这个国家寻找失去的孩子 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	贵西市石志编译委员会办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁是神毁灭 , 我们号码1做疯了 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一只肥皂和他的鲸之间才能得到 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对我来说 , 我真的可以看到双方的硬币 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 许多棉厂 , " 男人回答说 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " , 以使你的性生活更令人兴奋 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	由于电影编辑 , 我们看不到整个节目 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	儿童和青少年经历的抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在 , 唐代的僧人徐祖祖在哪里 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ? ! 可能 。 或者你 。 好吧 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	这些媒体的选举通常是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	温家宝在2010年12月实践了她的背后交叉 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这里的单位是什么 ? 我们写12.0111 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:研究brusmollis的组成部分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安东尼在一个大规模的项目上去了 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	它深化了家庭和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	这个方面 , 卢克的工作发生了很多的讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	饮用水标准持续提高 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 是的 , " 达林先生说 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我很快把所有的袜子都洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色破裂器 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有人问中国的民事控制军事 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	圣旗将被定制为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	菲律派是整个退休中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺04 , 5 。 我不知道怎样感谢你所有的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	今天我有太多的办法 , 我跑掉我的脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	这家公司没有在那家银行贷款的文件中说 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	大约半小时后 , 我意识到我真的需要快 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 如果我们记得我们的差异 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	莱奥:现在 , 如果你只是跟我去伦敦 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生活 , 这个爱你和我一直在梦想 , 因为这么长 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 穷人很容易 , 因此生活得很高兴 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最新的5天天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	马康是个好朋友 , 一个独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种具有特征面表达的基本情感 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	死亡的胜利 , 机会 , 时间 , 时间 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个弹出技巧将告诉你 , 是否是在或离开 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理暴力 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄宗子是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他被朋友给了一个标签 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不能相信他永远会结束他的生活 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指放进混合物中 , 然后把它弄清了 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	加勒比河水也有完美的水 , 对于苏布拉水 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	夜间的深度 , 一个恐惧的警报声响起来 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们愿意在一个长夜之后 , 可以看到早晨的光芒 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	在春秋期广泛使用 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	法官赫德森的决定将被诉讼吗 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我认为这会有帮助 。 你是最好的 , 你知道吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们使得我们的宪法很难修改 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	没有人看起来是想 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao患者关于姨妈和蒙妮卡一桩桩 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	伟大的思想一样 , 但愚蠢却很少区别 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	许多人只能通过减肥来减肥 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不喜欢他们 , 但他们永远不喜欢我 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制和自我抑制这样的理性基础 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 。 他避免了眼睛接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	这个团体根据佛教宇宙学建立并安排 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	确定张沈和秦天的关系非常高兴 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	运行者在运行期间失去超过3%的重量 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	这个星期的和平会谈在两个边之间有几乎崩溃 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	导电活性能和变性之间存在着一定的关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑大约有25%大于晚期同性直肠 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看着太阳在东面上升 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	岳梁山断裂是海源断裂区东段 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将在自杀阅读他的文章 , 哈姆死了 , 病了 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	这里只有一个实践点 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城市中心 , 是一对20英尺长的金属垫片 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	总共有33个中间的阿瓦特斯瓦拉图 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船只试图逃出大海盗船的时候 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他站在几乎宽阔的地方 , 他的大头抬起来 , 转向他们 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但是我觉得李将更聪明地把你的最好的一面放在外面 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	一个爱的丈夫 , 每天我都记得 , 都像王后一样治疗我 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	阐述了抗疲劳的代谢作用及其作用机理 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来到食用蛋糕顶的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	本质特征是严密的行为 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道蛋白的功能与其结构有关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18个人分开我的服装 , 为我的服装做了很多 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	同样的事情在一月份和六月份都有一个不足的领域 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转向齿轮是汽车矢量系统的重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	舒适坐在第三号是巴根寺和巴哥达斯 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	它是由含有洞穴和输送棒石粉组成的 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前尚不会使压缩机 , 一个关键的空调部件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了为食品卫生提供监测、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	那天晚上十三点 , 他们终于回到马丁的宿舍房间 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	实际速率折扣必须在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 也是世界各地的人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要成分:各种芳香的ketone和芳香的牧师 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文简要综述了蒙古的全球气候变化 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大火经常把大火从外面的窗户中喷出来 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理有效的合同必须遵循重建原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	乐观 , 老虎总是为新的和新鲜挑战带来了兴奋 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多人在夜间藏着的细胞中逃脱了 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我不怀疑夫妻的诚挚 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文的第一部分是 , 在权力和权力的角度 , 提出了公司在权利和权力方面的观点 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论改变它 , 但恐惧只会被视为神经 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你在你病的时候煮草本 , 留在内面 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有在周末只有18孔的绿色费和卡迪费 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	几乎每家新公司都抱怨提高种子资本的困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	林顿先生回答说 , 我不希望你进一步建议 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我有胃痛 。 我觉得今天午餐吃了一些坏食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	很好的摩擦 , 史密斯先生 。 我来了一次面试 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个小偷已经落下了 , 恶魔的面具不起了 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	10:23 , 当他们在这个城市中穿过你时 , 逃到另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们看一下wpi的机器人工程课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我认为这是我送的 , " 他补充道 , 解决员工 。
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	我后来没有权利把自己放在公共汽车上 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	火车充满了繁荣 , 在假日的情绪由于夏天的气候 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元来买一张桌子填满洞 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	美国储蓄股价下跌至1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人因为卡萨已经死了 , 有些人受到尊敬 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	在历史和永恒之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢某些 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	这项发现还揭示了男性快速竞争女性伴侣的男性 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改善了规则和规定的干部和人员文件的管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红色叙述:你可以争论他会做到 , 以便与卫兵携带更好的事情 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天有很好 , 请再次看看我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数以万计的军事交易在枪中 , 为了训练 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和黄金海岸环境经济课票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 一位艺术家对空间发射系统爆破的概念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc具有比氧化物阴极更均匀的工作功能分布 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	琼斯的许多老朋友加入了他的团队 , 沿着一些新的团队 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法被称为 " 点击 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想理解儿子和父亲彼此相关的事情 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家正在采取采样来理解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只要允许她那么紧张 , 就允许她这样的腰 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	边缘的影响可能使你忘记在程序之后的事情 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	他稍微冲刷了 。 " 是的 , 那是我的女孩 。 "
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	用一些盐和辣椒把鱼肉填在春天 , 用一些盐和辣椒搅拌起来 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司专业生产宠物核心 , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	经过多年的玫瑰在瑞秋之后 , 她终于发现他与她一起爱 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 得到的是无意义的 , 给予的是t5 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	" 改变 " 指通过深化改革解决员工的潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人驾驶完美的汽车时 , 没有人责任车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户还可以在语言中选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是泡沫的粉丝 , 你就可以尝试盐水 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	所以你现在听到了这一点 , 你就冲了 , 喝醉了 , 但不要喝酒 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳暖和促进所有的vicera和器官 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	有许多方法解决了地下水问题的一种离子反应 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光增强剂在hampoos、soap和面部洗涤中优势 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是饮食 , 安静 , 默里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期牛市趋势从2001年获得的趋势仍然完整 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	鱼类蛋白质浓缩是1980年代发展的新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把小小小的爪子从尾巴到尾巴 , 用于钓鱼和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着纳西斯州第一次讲话 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我会买一个像吴先生这样的婴儿兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始了一个业务 , 他们说 , 让我们分开这个程序 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你在浪费一点 , 所以说话 , 毫无必要 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实践材料主义和piaget理论的本质 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚grafifti围绕首都迪利 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶巡逻者绝对想要移动所有的本质 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个被称为记忆管理单元的子系统 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方周日表示 , 死亡人数上升至86人 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物细胞和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是青年 , 被视为创新和创造力的形象 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议用 " 反老化 " 的话对任何东西进行反老化 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑首席蓝色铅笔记者写的文章 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	为了日期 , 今年已有63 , 595个销售经过了国内外的制度 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表了一份声明 , 弗雷迪将是我们的一部分 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	其他人都用自己的用途来削弱他们的网站 , 可以做任何他们想要和愿意 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	后来赛季 , 尽管好规划 , 产品开始不均匀运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	对于懒人来说 , 时代是一种宝藏 , 是一种负担 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝绸是很好的品质 , 他们是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始建立你的团队 , 你将有很多时间在未来 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但即使如此 , 两个姐妹仍然不能帮助 , 但认为她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕捕捉 , 年度结果 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	我的嘴巴很广泛 , 当我进入了马拉蒂的杯室 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象在未来20年中 , 中国的另外一个250万人民在城市化 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	你可以在垂直箭头上保持细节 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些地形被称为天城 , 或者 " 自然形成的 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球到了第二手 , 你会把它放到风中吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形成的珠裤 , 耳朵 , 儿子 , 欢迎订单 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	如何释放 , 政府将遵循相关法律 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你认为这是一个非常好的机会吗 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	女孩和女孩都是个小孩子 , 她的时代镜像 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走了路 , 他等待更大的权利更好 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	经过一刻的犹豫后 , 温格到达了 , 拿着手机 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	一般来说 , 世界甚至更多的布林世界 , 接受了日志 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	堆栈的两个1.4x优于图像质量的一个2x 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听音带 , 找出本文的主要思想 , 以及如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素首次被糖尿病所使用 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 不所有的餐馆都是名人 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:日内心有魔鬼身体 , 分支否认 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 亲吻他 , 爱他所有的心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 您可以在您的时候打开热栏配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	许多驾驶员在卡拉普尔周围有一些橡胶房地产 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	范达太太是新加坡国家花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合张国胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	姚王山医学植物的调查研究和研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这击败了匿名类型的强大类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	孙宇文是清末清代的一个重要人物 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的未来是界限性的重要社会后果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这是意识到许多孩子在这里不能去学校 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	对于完成而言 , 很难把他带到一个确定的日期 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多我们在epa中做的问题 , 或者技术上 , 是自然的 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个人是来自爱尔德尔德尔县牧师办公室的地下代表 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	mc:请更新我们关于shinhwa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣为什么犯了一些泥土 , 把它放在人眼中 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	这位队长带来了男人注意到总体来 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 。 他忘记他不在年轻人 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	你需要有一个现有的项目加载到集成的开发环境中 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	而且 , 在菲勒与癌症战斗期间 , 他们将沿着他 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 避免海关检查更困难 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	美国酒公司正在寻找金融危机的激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	保持跟踪您需要多少钱来保险和办公室供应 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 经常接收g通常会回答好情绪 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	受害者无声称的身体 , 如康复工作 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志中读到了这个问题 , 这是一个新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是夏季三角的恒星的第三次讨论 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在玩园里 , 他的演员以后 , 它是错误的劳动 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	使用该工厂 , 设计了以下的服务定义的数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩用泥泞、树枝和叶坝坝坝坝坝 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	让我们先喝一些咖啡 , 我也喜欢一个三明治 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布莱纳的工作是纯粹的浪漫 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我把这张意大利称为 " 梅西纳现象 " 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	直接阅读方向 , 您将直接指向正确方向 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但是当政策持有者是抵押贷款的人时 , 应该是不同的 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计你怀孕多久 , 你的工作日期 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为一些原因 , 我的意见是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否决定金融 , 还有很多因素来决定身边 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们家里有七个孩子 , 除了我外 , 所有的妹妹都有 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它提供了理论基础 , 为此内部特定的推广器提供了理论依据 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界 , 还有一个印象深刻的春水和秋季的山景 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了许多草根专家在双方.com上发现 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我使鲸、鱼和鸟类每个尺寸、形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人意味着一起 , 最终他们会找回他们的眼睛 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评估:并行web提供了无论是什么东西 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐馆建议可以通过你的朋友来观察 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图去除许多缺陷 , 就像可能 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	那个美联储住了鲨鱼 。 ( 没有厨房 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	盾牌和草药邮件用外套显示你的自定义禁止器 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	有些人相信中央政府也存在着问题 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她通过了一场犯罪场景 , 有人在街上射击 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	第一章的东端比大门更远 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有人都发现 , 打开瓶子-------------------------------------
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0中 , 介绍了许多额外的增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿意释放耶稣 , 再次对他们说话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗疲劳和调节免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要注册一个注册器的域名 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁杆轴承提供最大负载支撑 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南称为 " 植物王国 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	这是一件前哨 , 罗森伯格在军事外套 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器是配件和适合于插件的床 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后 , 他改变了整体 , 花了下八个小时作为一名尘埃人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我把一块樱桃奶酪放在它里 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们第三次来了 。 这是因为ivor在开始时抓到了一个蟹 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	蜜蜂保持者在冬后经常没有找到死蜜蜂 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	现在stiga已经管理在同样的刀片中结合速度和触摸 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	你可以用n或maxargs , 参数覆盖这个行为 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	不 , 你可以把他留在整个晚上 , " 我回答说 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	同时 , 他们对荒谬的敏感性比以前更明显 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有对我的心灵的好作家都值得重新补贴 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	谁 , 对谁来说 , 谁在千年里等待永恒 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会错过机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这是由阿瑟的半姐摩根领导的 , 他是一个巫师 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在凯利 , 西方广播在2008年与圣乔治合并 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我要叫你 , 因为男孩来自你的城市 , 海登博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是个漂亮的图片 , 但即使我们很高兴地回到了形式 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	虽然它意味着我们可能会在现实中看起来很多不同 , 但并不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房屋成本与数十亿人民的重要利益有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	提名和八个婚姻 , 在79岁的洛杉矶死于洛杉矶 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野外的竞选指控都是针对波尔克和克莱的 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	在序列初始学习中 , 这些区域有不同 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的新闻 , 标志着老板和拉皮斯拉祖利 , 填满了一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁面积的裤子 , 然后第一腿的缝子和半腿 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察宁雪的作用降低桩的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	在我们的医院可用乳喂养小鼠来帮助你 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了正确的处理批评 , 你也需要正确的掌握 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怕 。 不愿死 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	就像我自己喂的那样 , 我不期待得到奖励 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	当他的汽车碰撞时 , 巴里就停止了一包包 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	有人说: " 我是一个演讲者 , " 这通常是他们的意思 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可用于高速公路高速填充区域的盐化渣灰 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	这项发现由nasa的飞机弹簧望远镜卡普勒制成 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是要骑着煤矿者拿出更大的碎片 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	对某些受体的辐射和束缚分析进行了研究 ;
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	这远远远在这个国家 , 但总是跟我一起 , 无论我在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有的福尔情绪都是一个必须持续生活的东西 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这个项目对许多原因有兴趣 , " 罗克森先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 朋友的世界有嫉妒 , 没有什么比爱更少 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	" 你觉得你是什么 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔网络受伤 , 我有机会为英格兰踢球 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的手指做了一些金属技巧 , 学会再次演奏 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你能保持冷静的情况下 , 她会注意 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	在比赛中 , 随着这些分裂只是飞过其他的口袋自行车 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	改善水处理效率也是节约水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	耶里米的眼睛在看着城市灯光的时候 , 他的眼睛越来越大 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开了5:00pm , 我们都很高兴 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你怎样找到 " 聪明 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢您组织 , 我发现它最有趣 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是深绿、深、运行全年 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也会获得自由的强迫教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了认识疾病 , 审查和报告就如下 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	简妮是对的 , 这里的感觉可以自由打猎和拍摄 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我跳得很好 , " 他很好地告诉她 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	这项研究和营销运作将是弗拉德先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	同种药物也很罕见 , 这使新西兰成为一个安全的地方 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在citigroup中 , 收入下跌28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰是否可以通过这些挑战的时代移动 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	这是不错的 , 在你的房子里裂缝 , 在另一个房子里躺着 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	亚伯斯先生说 , 与波威尔谈话深 , 严肃和希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私法的编码应该模拟德国一个 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我把我的生命和创造成文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 操作系统在组装中被处理并不可移动 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你还会有一些东西来展示 , 甚至可能结束 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公路上 , 得到这个人必须避免峡谷左边 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小梅玛德是安德森更为活跃的童话之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	婴儿腐蚀剂很快就破坏了鸡蛋 , 它被大明看到了 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应当附加文档和形式在外国语言中进行 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	林德西说: " 海军蓝色是一个信任的颜色 , 给我们信心 。
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了很难分析灭绝的莫萨尔基因 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船壳清洗机器人的集体设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	grasp规划是主奴隶固定手抓握的最重要课题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	采用最新的技术和工艺 , 制造、办公管理和设计 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回指定的协调项目的零基本指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着外面伸展 , 开始抓一只鸭腿 , 单独咬一切 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道对服装行业的专注将永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	还给出了关于电力线载体设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业规模it架构 , 用于链接资源的需求 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年国际大学毕业生总收入总额上升了12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺并非纯粹的仪式和形式 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	龙堡的城镇也是一个世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	研究了一种新型的催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的研究pts对大鼠焦点脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	ftlauderdalesun:明星与海滩的暴力和漂移水相比 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	塔尔帕林 , 可以看到中国各地的地方 , 不仅说是非常独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	一个深刻的改变 , 它旨在改变几个生命的phlolosophelelloes 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏季 , 老鼠一般生活在外面 , 仍然在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	使滑动并行转换的关键是控制的侧滑 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一步是实现连接组件的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个自由的抽屉啤酒 , 用于在德比特罗午餐时间购买的啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱官 , 陪审员已经收到了大量的责任 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	六所美国学校获得了超过2 , 250度 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须把武器吸入加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我很满意 , 从2001年到过去几年里 , 数量超过了生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:将各种abd工作流映射到几个项目中 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	日常交易中世纪世界 , 从未坚持准备好金钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能滥用和扭曲人们 , 希望得到准确的和可信的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgmls是世界上最广泛的sgml解析器 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看 , 南妮 , 香水 , " 埃伦诺拥有一瓶可口可乐 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾经试图回答这些问题 , 或者你自己或其他人 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	该目录包含最新发布的项目和其描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	自1997年以来 , 它为今年的税收政策建立了税收政策 。 自1997年以来还有一份预期的报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立中毒胶囊的定性鉴别方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫法检测尿管瘤尿管瘤的方法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他alys为他的课程做完全准备 , 并仔细纠正我们的家庭轨道 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	老人ga:为了我要做......小怪 ! ! !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生命的生物跑步 , 返回为闪光的出现 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们在交易上采取了各种律师和法律学术 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	在零时 , 得到了位移的砖精确解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响最大5个友好目标和5个敌人目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然预计只能看到晚期的siping、脚本写作观众 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个微笑 , 一个宁静的笑容 , 但是有一个微笑 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小化惩罚 , 可能有助于防止薄材料的烧伤 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合隔离系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的鲁布丁脚踝靴提供了她的高时尚边缘 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高腐蚀剂水平可以影响睡眠、重量和免疫抵抗 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果编辑者的心理问题发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划出版一系列的古典版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	由胸部木制成 , 所有的块块和清洁物都由樱桃木制成 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品已被编译成了jaotsungi的系列艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进鳄鱼 , 只是用你的靴子把它们踢 。 你想抓住我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢做什么时候 , 你更可能做得很好 , 成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的注意力对我来说 , 如何把这些邮件的部分放在一起 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache在流程列表中 , 这可以做一个跳行测试来尝试ping当地主机 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是奇怪的 。 如果每个评论都离开了2:08 , 必须是一个线索 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁·费斯特尔 , 一名宇航员 , 在他的眼睛里得到了肥皂 , 开始泪水 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , tdd数字手机是可行的 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将提供一些关于看法、食品、住宅的查询或参考 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左党民主党的恩科·卡塔说 , 暴力必须被删除 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:嗯 , 这是个...好吧 。 让我教你 。 一个加上两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文对传统语法学家的研究提出了进一步的发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help改善 。 因此 , 它是中国的基本兴趣 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这一刻你会有一个梦 , 但这时刻的研究 , 你会解释一个梦 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我所提到的那样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要 " , 如果你可以直接做一些事情 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我做了问 , 这个家伙说 , 他是没有玩过安全但是在一年里没有测试过 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	" 噢 , 这是他的母亲 , 她想成为医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	嗯 , 这是一个观察 , 但它是一个蒸汽表 , 这就是所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	蝴蝶在德拉周围飞行 , 说: " 你能在空中闻到春天吗 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我誓言上帝 , 我将把你扔出这个房子 , 永远不再看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次触摸你的脸 , 你都会接受污泥和油 , 可以登录的孔子 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	首选线将由塔拉成员设计 , 包括他们的写作和图片 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果申请人申请的数额不得申请 , 应当不申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebay则声称 , 预防欺骗的工作比其他支付服务更好 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同tnm阶段的相关系数为0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃权利 , 你所说的任何东西都可以在法庭中使用 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 由m50烷基的存在引起的检测干扰 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	愿你依然坚强 , 继续为我们祈祷 , 大多数荣誉和尊敬主 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	你还可以设计自己的模块 , 所以webmin总是可以适应您的需要 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	拨号器用usb电话或头部打电话 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们要试图解决我们的国家问题和几十年的关系 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有许多方式 , 我认为 , 在每个场合我们需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转了四十五岁的时候 , 她发现勇气走开 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在采访结束的结束时 , 没有任何损害 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	用可调节肩带和层扫描在chiffon的声音响应 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba可以在sn病变后提高hsp60的表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	梅丽摇头说: " 我不认为他们还是如何生活了 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实的案例是一个23岁的男人 , 来自西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单个旗舰产品 , 具有潜在的集成 , 以及其它方面的scm套件 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿祖兹 , 欢迎新周的cnn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次约翰流到香港 , 他病了 , 他必须使用这袋空气病袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我从垃圾中取出时 , 它被覆盖在鸡蛋中 , 粘着的垃圾 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	聆听报道 , 了解景观 , 把耳朵插在前面 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	让耶和华看见它 , 使他失望 , 他从他那里转走 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组显著低于其他人 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做些好 , 不管怎么小 , 庆祝他们只是在月球上登陆 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	图形类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请打电话邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你 , 比你知道的爱 , 随着几天的日子来 , 就会有些人 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的捕捉者 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	用 " 我感到沮丧 " 模式来表达自己 , 当你感觉僵硬时 , 就会表达自己 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我的父母说话和行为像 " 老孩子 " , 常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	巴菲洛在我们共享的材料中提供了许多关注 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	两年前 , 美国从2007-2009年的经济衰退中出现 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 除了大碗 , 直到两个尺寸 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们对这个想法说 , 迪兹先生只是想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	我们之间的东西不能隐藏 , 陌生人的手重在你的心里 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续南沙拉的时候 , 已经成为灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 你今晚会穿上你的心 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们的真正的命运 , 我们不会独自找到生命的意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	他的火车吉姆似乎很快就醒来了 。 他把他的戴拉放进了 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	种子只有一个在普通金鱼的画廊中 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	毫无疑问 , 静脉 , 扔 , 寻求球形连接 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何可以一面 , 被问朱小水是个小小的小小羊 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在困扰和激动 , 因为他们采取翅膀和呼吸 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你的珍贵时间可能更好地花费了想你是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人则广告他们的服务 , 被称为escort服务--在互联网上 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们增加了人工智能 , 我们可以发现设备是否快乐地作为一个垃圾 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	此外 , 2/84例患者不能被rsca检测出 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我把我的生命远离你 , 只是在天空中闪烁你 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 但我不知道 , 同时 , 我觉得人们真的很有趣 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在雅典 , 510年-490年代 , 意大利福音 , 意大利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅是一段时间 , 就会被人们所知的 " 烹饪 " 到 " 细 " , 就像我可以 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦的年轻植物和草是最好的喂养nymphae 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	如今 , 越来越多的国外学习 , 返回也不像以前那样受欢迎 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最后 , 群众们的疲倦了他 , 他只是在轮胎上玩笑 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	正如我们所有人都知道 , 1840年中国开始对饥饿现代化的战争 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰伯·威尔金森:一个人只有一个生命 , 但历史才能永远记住你 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 热将海水推进到地壳上 , 它遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.科恩的教学和它的预言在那个悖论上 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在上世纪70年代末 , 有些国家已经意识到市场可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	农作物科学家jess低伯格德博尔说 , 这帮助当地农民与他们有关 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我觉得很坏 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	硝酸硝酸是锌湾溶解无机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一个肝滤波器去除最大的所有原体 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果您决定稍后有更多的特性丰富的数据库 , 您必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	有一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻花 , 可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	由于不确定的数据有可能性 , kra不能直接应用于不确定的数据 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请送您的回报 , 预计薪水和照片通过邮件来解决 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李白说在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是一个优秀的地方培养 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但是可能你想在大屏幕上看到它吗 ? 也许在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持着强壮和强烈的米恩 。 他的袋子里的水瓶被弄坏了 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流网站 , 城市是有害生物侵袭的高危险 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合防御中有过渡的犯罪形式 , 也存在过剩的行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 人类观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	细心的检查证实 , 无论什么都没有吹嘘 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时间 , 这将适用于削减视觉设计或帮助麻烦 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	不管我去哪里 , 杨州的小吃永远不会留下我的心 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接的增加速度是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	这里希望更多的作品被翻译成英语 。 很快 , 请 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中的癌症表现为一项经验室分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	五月份的飞行是向个人计算机发射飞行 , 微芯片是什么 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	我们今天再次把我们的老师拿出来 , 马上走上去 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	与不同神经根缺陷相关的物理检查结果 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	残疾 , 难度膝关节疼痛 , 满足以下标准 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全是美丽 , 清洁 , 植被丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	你可以空气干燥的体育勇敢 , 以延长水工制品的生活 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	寒冷的冬天并没有影响夏季爆发的趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	例如 , 在西康 , 许多问题已经在这个领域作了 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	射击点的分钟碎片是很难文化的 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个转换器活性pixel的提示重新存储技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案简单 , 用反例找到答案 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:确定北部hibiscs综合征营养成分 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄隆西燃烧火龙回到南宋 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	古斯迪是个巨大的 , 黑色绿色的家伙从来年轻的土地 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印一个机器可解析的特性列表提供的插件 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思想、讲话和操作的一种物质形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人经常被打败 , 被迫在监狱类似的条件下生活 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	销售进口水平 。 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的旅行过程中 , 我们已经学到了我们参观的所有地方 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	噢 , 我去意大利这个美丽的地方 , 它叫做土斯科尼 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那时他也许会用水洗净她 , 把她洗净 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	怎样才能克服我的老年自助心理 ? 非常激动 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	直到深圳大学开始之前 , 有两个星期的时间不到两周 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	橡胶 , 用于加热 , 更容易被皮肤吸收 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	它站立着 , 它的肌肉痉挛 , 然后倒下来 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了让自己做 , 我最喜欢的技巧是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一步将是将这些系统添加到主要的地铁 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国老年 , 8%的儿童收到没有正式的教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我爸爸被诊断为hellos生活原始的多个硬化病 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 在巴黎 , 巴黎 , 最高的209米 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	在房子修理期间 , 我们住在下个门口 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	据一份伴侣编辑 , 新闻并不坏 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的一个对象是微型化电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehboob作为一个项目经理 , 当她是妇女 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基壁纸生产的研究和生产 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们替换了蓝球的红球 , 看看婴儿是否能注意到的 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	伟大战斗宇蜀地震继续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为头发纤维的外部纹状层被破碎 , 并且皱纹 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、氨酸、糖尿病酶、糖尿病酶等组成 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经摧毁了阿根廷5号 " 超级色彩 " 的袭击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	yn的应力表少于内部的联锁钉 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	本炉用于安山铁和钢铁 , 作为示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国对总统法官选举制度的改革已有5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉到身体放松 , 感觉紧张消失 , 但不睡 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月的沉默之后 , 有很大的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们曾经拿起他们的侄女的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的卫兵 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	问卷 , 问卷 , 两者之间没有一个十分合理的联系 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	后面的原因是它使产品看起来更高的蛋白质水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	azo是由电子束蒸发在k9基底上存储的 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个投票站是我投票的地方 , 上市电梯信息卡 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc绝缘和pvc表面细钢丝装饰电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术已广泛应用于水处理工业 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当罐子填满时 , 它将填满所有的空间 , 并将塑料紧密 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马莫塞的厨房 , 彼得准备了猴子每天的菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	黄金apt寻找世界 , 人类的天主朋友难以寻找 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	本文还介绍了消除方案、控制条件和清洁结果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大多数日子 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮摩擦理论是动态异常的关注 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激发的o2分子在溶剂中氧化自由基 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	珍娜:澳大利亚指责一家中国餐馆烹饪科拉斯 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的同步操作器是一个重要结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	嗯 , 如果我有这个选择 , 我真的想去学习语言学校 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 在突破后 , 个人已经减少了自我概念清晰度 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今晚组织通过绿色的屏幕 , 将新昆虫的声音传播 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由一个拉伸塑性的塑料布置绝缘 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	越来越多的时候 , 就像梅克里的xian地面 , 荣耀的yi射击 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金和材料为救援和灾难救济 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布图像的形象 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人在完成他们的测试后 , 他们将收到他们的测试报告形式 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱时 , 鱼本身就变成了全球性的形式 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了什么使数据结构大 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九点是通过900个简单的引用和参考的 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	后来我想留下来 , 但我的妈妈会在10岁的时候我不回家 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那儿时 , 你认为的第一件事是 " 哦 , 这个地方令人惊讶 。 "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 恐怖性暴力在每个村庄圆形戈玛举行 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	时候 , 也许两个星期 , 你会准备好看一下 , 一个目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	还讨论了颗粒双分形的分形频率分割特性 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	基于高分辨率图像组件的报告将在高质量印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱情不一致 , 彼此不一致 , 但在同一方向中期待 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染和其受害者的大源泉 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么 ? 实际上我躺在那儿 , 当我说的答案是在那儿 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们很快就会发现我们的表示在我们曾经设立足球之前 , 我们会议很快 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	沃尔努特·克里克只是在奥克兰外面 , 爱苹果产品 , 还有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说 , 他们往往往往往往往向海湾挖掘油 , 那里的石油正在占领海外 。
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试有趣 , 因为string缓冲区优化 , 用于快速的应用程序 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后 , 你可以创建有益的检查列表或其他文章 , 因为人们可以下载的pdfs 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待事情完美 , 你会等一段时间等待 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	看看你会在人群上访问的网站的人 。 aspx页面 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显得很厉害 , 但更加善良和护理 。 谢谢你对我感到重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	在某些情况下 , 是的 , 但内在的怀疑主义生活 , 专家说 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年苏哈托从苏卡诺开始成为印度尼总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅可以从水中走出鱼 , 还可以在土地上旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	这个男孩把苹果扔了 , 把它砍掉 , 砍掉在沙丘里 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为一种新的方法 , 在土壤腐蚀研究中 , 红外牵引技术广泛应用于土壤腐蚀研究中 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还通过 " 基因组移植 " 转化了一个细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	与我的nikon50mmmf1.4相比 , 在最大孔度上比较好 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少一半的日期率将双倍的符号间隔 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那么你为什么哭 ? " 小鸟问道 , " 你会让我湿 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自那时16年以来 , 战争不断延伸 , 但相对较小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上很伤心 , 因为我真喜欢密歇根州立大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我紧紧看我的竞争对手 , 有很多尊重 。
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但是多比要来 。 多比必须保护哈利波特 。 要警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	本和他的房间一起回家 , 晚些时候就出了很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择阅读每个词 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	阿富汗不法律的阿富汗可以再次成为基地基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	还有 , 我所有的团队都是勇敢的 , 种类和可用的衣室 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 就像自杀 , 在生命保险案例中 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢土豆 , 等于把头放在混合器中 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以通过不到五度来把水滚掉郭的金属 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	马吉说 , 我知道 , 只有一年 , 只有一半从毕业 。
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使只有在寻找一个伤亡的利亚松时 , 不要穿着像一个不制造的床 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它来到塑料板上 , 肉滴下了骨头 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	植物在洪水的树木中 , 为鱼、蟹和龟 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	2030年锅炉不需要修改 , 以满足新规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满欢乐和希望 , 所有的祝福神都希望我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年我们从我城市的重庆市的重庆市有30个市长 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能读到的话 , 它并不重要 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 并且对各种问题有着强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	指定ihr联系点 , 总部或区域水平 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我认为我们在一个更长的趋势下 , 或者只是一个下行道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但效果太不具体 , 很少会导致清理和分泌转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	不需要说这是一个欢迎的开车 , 但它仍然是那么有趣的 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高回馈提高座位 , 适合长达120个lbs的孩子 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一个戈格特 , 他会做一个优秀的学生体育总统 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了1888年无锈钢的腐蚀和消除方法的原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说 , 她正在考虑一旦居民被允许搬回 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以把那个老日记丢掉 , 或者打开一个单词文档 , 然后尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持球形状 , 满足不断释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尔·贝里亚的故事 , 来自新泽西的无家人 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	我要喂奴隶 , 即使你 , 贫穷的羊群 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3其他os安装器 , 从索尼下载并保存它作为其他os 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	另外一项扫描437例和2077年控制的扫描结果相同 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到会议 , 那么你有更多的时间来准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了中国女性不同背景的生活条件 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	它只是在你的淋浴头后 , 所以你甚至不会注意到它 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择自己的生活和比尔盖特的生活 , 那就是一个诺布兰人 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球和弯曲性能 , 具有较高的绝缘性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	矛盾的是 , 志愿加入的原则导致农民的关注较低 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波雷达最高位置方式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明一般的历史趋势 , 这是人们吸引的东西 , 没有人能防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经常说服几个人看我 , 我必须保持任务 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	利用生物固定膜滤波器对氢化氢的控制是一种经济有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的人格的不同侧面在全身拍摄时 , 坐在荷兰路上 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	对于企业和企业之间的员工来说 , 企业应该是第一赢后的员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后 , cicseci连接工厂为cics服务器提供连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladesystem给管理台提供了层次和相关的基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦领土为晚期战国 , 秦统一中国在北部的一个县后 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员带来更少的要求处理更多的能力 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了 , 这就是对象说 , 答案已经得到了 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息通知的方法 , 得到了指纹印刷和掌纹模式的印刷 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	洪水引起了三峡坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然成年人的ea四分之一会比预计的时间要长些 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	因此 , 我们继续在中期趋势上保持着印度股权 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标签 " 或l-标签 " 是由通道分配问题引起的 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维在完全增长后 , 取下糖 , 取下蛋白处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含了推进器的主要结构的基本特性 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	在石英管炉中进行了碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	甲基斯特帮助学习卡尔玛超越的频率 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用饲料酒精液建立酒精液的酒精肝障碍模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	它保证了夏季的许诺季节 , 也是最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法研究了氧化铜的氯化平衡性 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜂窝技能是一种活跃的防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展的验证协议可以支持许多验证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们滥用了他们的权力 , 欺负了人民 , 因此在群众中引起了强烈的反对 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型从psd到rtfs , 被接受并下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	钱雪森是科学造成巨大的贡献之一 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当ed发现时 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕捉几个关键成员的卡特尔 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地发现20岁的女儿在她回家学习后穿着他们 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	林于1925年回到中国 , 作为北京国家职业艺术学校的主要工作 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果312个月患者随访3个月 , 所有患者均满意结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 帕德rewski将左手放下来 , 开始填补基本部分 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前面的操作符适用于现有的文件 , 后者重写现有的内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	可以得到 , 马氏体转换量随着这些因素的增加而降低 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 国王在一百八个女人荣誉 , 命令孙武训练他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	下面的福克金字 , 适用于 " 福岛东海 " 字体 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉兄弟 , 只有那个目标是一个人 , 他一直在争吵和威胁他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:女王主办了一个正式婚礼午餐 , 在宫殿上650名客人 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的权利意味着 , 国家和其他人不应该有能力 , 并且没有选择侵犯 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	安装上 , brea将是橘子县最大的太阳能用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	星期二 , 冰岛火山仍在爆发 , 虽然云降低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	帮助尽管我的皮肤 , 水化皮肤 , 因为我有很干的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	交流云只有在路上被悲伤的maek红尘暴雨时才来到最后 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	早或晚些时候 , 波浪会沿着 , 打击我们所工作的事情 , 难以建立 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的基本利益和人民的基本利益 , 贵族专业美德 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们也可以鼓励他们的员工捐钱到当地企业家的俱乐部 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们正在与你相匹配的团队在1500年下 , 平均的平均水平很好 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街摄影师四个奇妙的营销思想 , 营销方法来力量不可避免的 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这个小飞行将会是短期的星 , 对称形状 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女人在窗帘的阴影中留下了铁窗铁路 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育的产业是西方教育的重要影响之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	路易斯 。 一个火星带着生命的火星 , 一个人口浮动 , 生活岛屿 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样也有詹姆斯和约翰 , 西班的儿子 , 与西蒙合作伙伴 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持进入先锋战场 , 沿着ellenpau杀死孩子 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月从亚洲的电影制作者的电影每个月都遭到了破坏 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们举行禁止者倡导宗教自由和歌唱 " 我们应该克服 " 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他是否只是服从某种本能的冲动 , 甚至对自己来说是不可思议的 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	压电作为功能材料的广泛应用于汽车中 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是自由的 , 多比来拯救哈利·波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇到不到 , 尽管细腻 , 但可以陷入大量的猎物 , 紧张性和紧张性 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过旧镇 , 看着一个很老的房子被拆掉 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	你第一次看到你走进门时 , 我们的小朋友来自人类学 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	虽然有些人需要立即关注 , 但你的参与并不总是不需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	非交易投资组合的价格风险以及交易组合 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 如高s/n、良好的平衡性和非断裂性 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	这就导致了摩西诞生的帐户 , 他对尼尔河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚有武器破坏了我们 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	随后 , 日本当局的调查证实 , 老师已成为台古 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要一个更好的生产力方法 , 这样你可以与其他人合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可用于您新的和现有的解决方案中心项目 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有鲸 , cetaceanbiltng比新鲜的东西更可爱 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右键单击键角 , 左键单击控制斜角和顶角 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	燕子走到宫殿里 , 被薄而弱的马拉着 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为促进当地食品文化 , 采矿本地菜肴为本质奠定了良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空接触的统计断裂性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	可以使用jdbc和记录级访问访问数据库资源 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpc的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院子里的仆女听你还听的话吗 ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	如果有些人熟悉佛的十二个死亡 , 佛教的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在我们已经发现 , 其他的腿不需要被删除 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨小肠内质量ct诊断的价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字制度的教学是海洋保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港贸易开发委员会执行董事fredericklam 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这看起来 , 是我收到的遗产 , 现在已经被送到自己的孩子 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用一种称为引力透镜的现象检测了遥远的星系 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了恒星星星系的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何为phd分析建议进行小说搜索 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说 , 他们喜欢设计灵活性 , 他们通过消除空间消耗的空间轮胎 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特性之一是处理多种语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你急忙把你的女儿打开杯子 , 她在泪水中破裂了 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑的注意:这个故事的原始版本错过马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	木材在各种内容和事实中被用作设计中的主要材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	用这笔钱收集在体育场的进口建立了零星的雕像 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转过来 , 把一群当地的战斗机放在附近的路块附近 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间里的床紧靠近窗户 , 而他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文描述了cjk200自动切除器的开发和测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	许多人也坐在户外 , 享受凉爽的夜空 , 快乐的夜空 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超弦的奇怪特性是 , 他们只能在10尺寸的振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	当人们在仓库俱乐部的商店里 , 我总是难以置信 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	比尔·科尔于1968年毕业于华克森林大学 , 开始为皮特染色工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·梅纳德和保罗男人、父亲和男子的硬件监督者的儿子 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	多年级的城堡大小和人物进步是我最喜欢的两个新附加 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们开始在酒店酒吧 , 自由车 , 然后它敲掉了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	西欧10%的失业率预计将在1995年中期打12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有的标准都必须满足以下标准 , 以便有被认为是可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	如果我们不断锻炼自己生活的话 , 上帝只会繁荣我们的研究 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港艾滋病毒感染已累积到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现单个大脑细胞会反应一个声音 , 但不再是另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	前19:29个皮带被准备为模具制作 , 打击愚蠢的背部 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	随后 , 提出了直接序列和混合dsth , 以便于irma 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了三位物理学家作为 " 光 " 的主人 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符外 , alphanumeric被允许并不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉弗里斯基 , 你在工作前有八秒 , 你知道哪里找我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	但事实上 , 我们都知道 , 每次时间都少于50毫米 , 精度很差 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh的血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密的 , 超级的女孩 , 我肯定他会在这里享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器还使用在启动平台上监测虚拟启动和正确的继电改变 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热锅和少量橄榄油 , 加入兰花辊 , 轻轻棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	ab广泛应用于国内外 , 但很少在国内使用 。 关于atb的研究刚刚开始 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以 , 他们用所有的 " 丈夫和推销 " 的故事把你的房子吹下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm有超过50个不同的程序促进了美国的工作平衡和银行 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是 , 正如美国和传统的欧洲电力制造商一样存在问题 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国保留权利修改这个术语和条件 , 没有任何先前通知 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到了灰色的靴子的破裂 , 就像他在赫敏的前面一样 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	明星 , 池塘 , 呼吸 , 一颗白色的泪水 , 液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	贡献插件通过xml定义特定值来实现该合同 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府理解这一点和党 ; 最重要的资产阶级感觉到它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 异常染色体imay是肺的腺癌特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可以选择石头所有的颜色 , 或者添加一个或两个色的石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我将在全国各地竞选 , 为我的丈夫和其他候选人 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	任何预测的协议和标准都在讨论下 , 但没有达成共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我会更感兴趣地听到什么价值 , 我们应该在评估评估中进行评估 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	今年111月 , 这个党比今年11月至少有一个国会更好的机会 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	针对lan/wan连接 , 建议每包的音频框架下设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化和存储时间显著影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 正如我们所说的那样 , 都是流汗的包含和渗透的 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生还没有把洋葱放在一起 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有的是 , 它需要做事务的业务消息 , 这是amqp交付的 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	切口的血液和汗水 , 泥泞和火焰激情 , 在滴彩色上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , 跨国产业繁荣将继续上涨 , 联合国持有将有利于 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后 , 最优化rtl将被美联储到代码生成器中 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	特里·杜马斯是美国奥林匹亚人 , 第三人在484.25点完成 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但在非洲 , 这种描述可能比喻更多 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	如果你正在寻找隔离和浪漫的话 , 你可以去巴哈马的外部远程岛屿 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组的风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告广告的故事既不冷又不光滑 , 但有些错误 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	这是谁 ? 啊 , 朱哈尔·穆拉德 , 这是第一选择 。 我看到了这场比赛 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	所有人都可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 。 他拿出手臂 , 这样她可以看到那套套套袖子 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我从来没有感觉到过 , 但仍然有那么大的 " 劳动感 " 下一天 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后 , 他晚上醒来 , 想到他可能雇佣的所有魅力的花园 。
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	一些有帮助的提示 , 瑞典可以比你使用的更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我从拉斯维加斯到爱荷华的旅程 , 当时我年轻时 , 孩子和海军...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们叫我 , 因为它显示他与他带来的球员有成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	有一天 , 天将部分和完美 , 珍贵的樱桃会在阳光下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	它被称为蓝色印刷 , 是我们的金融规定改革的蓝色印刷 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我在这里有一个信任 。 "
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	新世界秩序的战线本周在世界贸易组织暴露 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	纳贝预测似乎与其它美国经济信号有关 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文提出了一种可以计算复杂表面加工中的铣削力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分讨论了中国外贸相对优势理论的作用 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男性的错误都不能孤独坐在房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的运动 , 我经常在没有捕捉任何东西的时候钓鱼 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然肯有了退休西方的奢侈品 , 但他仍然承诺伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战士在中国和西方风格建立了私人园林 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但我们想购买的32英寸模型 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于规划区西部 , 邻近旅游区和城市区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一篇文章 , 解释某个人需要知道的东西 , 以便使用这个功能 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后 , 人们选择潜意识地 , 不意识地忽略了研究 , 与她的心相关 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当rafikgindy毕业于高中时 , 他知道他想成为工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我将在牙齿里钻一个小洞 , 以阻止疼痛 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这正在设置情绪 , 有效的过程 , 以及阿当斯必须自我插件 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来临时 , 草场没有什么 , 但蚂蚁抱怨胸痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感风格适用于你 , 意识到降低你的标准将是一个缓解 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	本周六我们的学术竞赛将于学校举行 , 12/1/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平、自由和一个稳定的环境 , " 拉利人说 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	数学的数学不少于四个这样的日期 , 开始了1697年 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可能有助于经济的增长 , 同时也可能会阻碍它 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为有一些自由主义者回答解决问题 , " 亚洲的kline说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 我们的研究表明 , 为什么开发出了一个潜在的原因 , 为什么它持续 。
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源密集型工业集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹秀捐了他的装甲 , 走进城里 , 000人停止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球发布的中国zodiac动物的邮票 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子们用水翅膀保持自己在水中 , 学会游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了铺设和破碎混凝土基础安装工程来破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许孩子触摸书 , 咀嚼 , 否则身体触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节省时间大幅减少你花费的时间 , 以及接触表项目 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩被所有的鱼游泳在水库里的水库里 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个董事会在下一次旋转 , 脊柱攻击并放短基础 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性视网膜坏死的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	丈夫回答说: " 我错过了一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他不明白地说话 , 虽然他的思想在别的东西上 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	tutti在地板上执行了一场令人震惊的假冒 , 向地板扫荡 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 公义的内在感觉 , 成为一个外部关注的声誉 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾人民有一个伟大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 杜特先生 !
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	全球范围内 , 每年162亿美元的新清洁投资 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何东西都是 " 街道 " --有趣的衣服---------------------------------------
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它改善了你的dps , 但下面 , 你的图像不能触发任何bashs 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	坦桑石晶体的无时间色彩使得每天穿得更理想 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	在这里 , 这是一个更现代的例子 , 下面有一点哈哈哈哈夫咖啡或者一些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生在那天晚上 , 他必须睡在一个manger6 , 因为他没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山一起解释 , 同时老皮也要订单 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能迫使你的心脏和神经和神经 , 那么在他们走后就会长久 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇航文件管理器帮助您从android智能电话中获得最多的 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	位置直接相反的shinagawajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	城市问题:马克思主义方法 , 伦敦 , 1977年 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在那个时候 , 我一直想着为什么有人会这样不合格的想法 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子和抽屉都转过来 , 找到我们未见过的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	我珍惜的东西 , 他们怎么能影响那些躺在街上的人呢 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布 , 5月消费者价格指数下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	波浪的运动 , 风 , 地球的运动是同一持久和谐的 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机期间 , 所以不辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	综述了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过勤奋的实践和准备 , 他们仍然是学科和专业的 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 从那以后 , 超弦已经证明了许多复杂的比任何人预期的更复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把你的背部推出来 , 你应该在你到国旗之前旋转你的胳膊 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	此外 , 注意力更有助于回答一般问题 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个伟大的节约 。 "
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	银行债券市场股票和交易量占总市场的90%左右 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	本拉登在1990年代对美国破产的投票部分成就了 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给别人带来耐心和耐受 , 都能赢得爱和关心 , 以及其他人的友谊 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们认为下一个25年到30年 , 机器人和人类将能够谈论 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融灾难也是威胁 , 高级公民常被目标 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	后来几周 , 肯尼亚人在陡峭的时候走出金牌 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死亡中提起了他的朋友拉扎拉斯 , 拉扎拉斯死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六届国会重申的第六届线路创新有许多线路 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:缅甸政府给中国任何迹象表明 , 要搬到库塘地区吗 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学英语 , 国外学习 , 国外学习 , 结婚外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	明亮的气象被发现在英国 , 留下了一个生存的绿色轨道 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在80年代早期 , nuonchea是集团的高级生存成员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能会告诉他 , 他真的需要做的事情只是在自己内部看起来很深 , 真的是真的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	michaelleechin晶体 , 皇家安大略博物馆 ; 多伦多 , 加拿大 , 加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在1555年 , 她的精神pilgriage带来了更严重的转变 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她对死亡的恐惧 , 并且怀疑她仍然是一年后生活的 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	三分钟后 , 她带着她第一首记录的歌曲的cd 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	所以 , 很难怪 , 严格的是那么高信任 , 缺乏自由和运动 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	场景2:建模循环行为主要集中于迭代行为的模型 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗姆尼 , 英国肖像画家 , 死于克布莱亚 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我的意思是 , 我们正在失去人们的技能 , 因为那里有很好的技术在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	然而 , 当我们继续改善时 , 我们的技术应变得越来越透明 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好了 , 我又进床了 , 五分钟后 , 门上有个爆炸 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	诗的所有感觉:问大地 , 谁倡导和下降 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利能见证他的父母在圣诞节时期的婚姻 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	而且 , 传统上所写的唯一差异是常规的方法 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期作家学习过 , 就像是环兰德纳和舍尔伍德安德森 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小型仪器通过切口来消除组织和粘附 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 所有的事物 , 如筛选 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 我认为的工作状况是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请大量著名的武术名字作为教练和顾问 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	" 陪审 " 的裤子写在海内 , 我会穿那件衣 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第一章结束了所有的战争 , 恐惧和政治又分裂了我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	它可能被腐败 , 因为病毒在内部 , 因此它正在制造外国蛋白质 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	莫莫莫隆石氧化物的占据符合国家标准 , 安全人类 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我正在路上 , 我举行会议 , 有时候在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者将一些新的代码添加到基本kiva3v程序 , 并使其编译 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只有走鞋 , 我就不能穿裙子或穿裙子 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他获得了阿尔比的认识和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了对抗stds的性别不稳定性程序的效果 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你有没有发现广场的角落总是很容易损坏吗 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我认为 , 早期极性探索者 , 因为我把自己带到走路上 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nuwa在所有这些事情都感到很抱歉 , 并决定修理天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	并发化疗可能是颈癌的主要流行途径 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭顾问提醒父母不要把孩子说成福音真相 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	py显示任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量水平 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 交换到中级或高级汽油 , 将消除打击 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但在未来的芯片中 , 芯片的带宽要求可以大大地影响 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计一个基于虚拟声学的音频辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	大米、棉和蔬菜种子有时在特殊种子中生长 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活需要时间来欣赏我们周围的自然和文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港举行了醒板节和竞争 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 罗伦达zezula , 欢迎道歉 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	波兰作家在2003年末在巴黎举行了80年代 , 然后在巴黎 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	十七辆车 , 随着风 , 你穿过漂亮的生命 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	在那里 , 柯克纳看起来像是新鲜的面对 , 她作为一个共识的建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧化物对我们的身体的细胞很有毒 , 不要冻结你的 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但是我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的来源不会基于这个葡萄牙的方式 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 嗯 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个男人走进教堂 , 又出来了 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事情 , 我只是不想有任何故事写 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在三个安装中 , 是从中国写过的人们过度的报道 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文中 , 文中提出的文档文档文档文档文件是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	天鹅再次上升 , 站在一个圈子里 , 等着他们的劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中写了这篇文章 , 事故都发生了 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我放在胸部 , 把我的下肚子和拳头 , 直到我过去 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样的是 , 他们都出现了世界上所有的实例区域 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫塔基说 , 如果希望与伊朗的新关系 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变其行为 " 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你可以简单设置宽度到200 , 高达45 , 然后接受结果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个表 , 可以用于工作、娱乐和娱乐的表 , 只是通常在翻过 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动循环时 , 它会作为真正的斧头 , 这张图像使它更清楚 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	反犹太主义在英国意义上很强烈地进入了 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家已经揭示了当地宇宙最完整的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对于任何查询 , 请在24068050或访问我们的网站联系我们 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	过去的一个人和女人平均工作男人和女人 , 这也许不像过去一样闪烁 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	在调查中 , 许多非洲国家的爆发是目前的 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 制定了每个侧面和后行攻击的规则 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	只有你才能清楚 , 还有和平和和甜蜜的休息 , 因为你产生你的身体和灵魂 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种可分解的可分解定理 , 并用可分解的理论证明了一种分解性定理 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们旅行了禁令城 , 中国皇帝曾经住在那里 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	许多人认为这是雷米利亚--在大西洋失去的岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中建立了无毒性、地震性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	相反 , 完成几天的时间 , 模拟过程只能在第二秒内运行 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	表现并没有联系到付款 , 实际上是市场力量和预算 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	他笑着说: " 我想继续走 。 至少十年或两年 。 "
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	我在墙上摆了一本小书 , 从我的knapsack中拿了个小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华盛 , 北美西北部的一个州 , 太平洋 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉帕奇尼看起来很惊讶 。 " 你说什么 , 我的女儿 ? " 他问 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只有找到饮料 , 这里没有沙味 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	伯拉对添加剂有一个问题 , 我们希望下周恢复他和塞多夫 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻到我 , 闻到厚的味道真的让人们想吃一顿 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当您正在完成测试你的新动作时 , 关闭helloapp.pli 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术需要你一段时间和它一起花费 , 来思考和思考 , 留下和返回 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	滑坡行动的非线性动力学特性是复杂、外部和消散的 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股价值为5.33美元 , 高于前四季度的5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是有效的实施 , 有些组织能够克服这些 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1毫克p处理和存储过程中铜铜的影响 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的面具的嘴巴 , 他嘴里没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在绍兴工作的前面 , 收到了信 , 妹妹带着我的心脏 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 结果表明 , 假设 , 标准构建到通常标签 , 可能是错误 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 成功地设计了g5在线测量膜厚度的g5动态系统 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	该项目还试图存储信息 , 以便它可以用于研究和医学目的 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	本文通过对国内外房地产金融比较 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文研究了一类模糊回归的集成差分方程 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	本周 , 洪水仍在上升 , 俄亥俄州的部分地区 , 俄亥俄州的重量下降 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这就是我们的头部 , 外部化 , 投影到其他人 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	过去几年来 , 哺乳动物的somatic核转移已经达到了很多缺点 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在某种意义上 , 石油价格正在发挥利率的作用 , 当经济过热时 , 通常会发挥作用 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	意大利的西班牙的白色石工具:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上述动机的人 , 但几个老板都有能力 , 真正激励他们的员工 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰服装有限公司是您最信任的供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制基因 , 但还有其他的贡献因素 , 你可以控制细胞 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	那么你怎样创造一个个人品牌 ? 衣服男孩网络点的下一点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五章53章是区域麻醉优于一般麻醉 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特点6开窗 , 望远镜和性别和3台灯 !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我参观北京时 , 一位学生小先生带着他的老师照片给我 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	波斯坦凝聚是 , 大量相同的粒子占据相同的量子状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	该公司表示 , 市场上有两种高度定义的dvd , 导致与购买公众混淆 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你说 , 他们称之为我们的想象 , 大型预算电影不能再实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	布鲁斯林西 , 克林顿的亲密朋友和特别助理人员 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的王国作为另一个完全意识的物种 , 没有猎人自己 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	翻译的行为是指连接到一个歌曲的行为 , 并附上一个150个字符对它的评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不要在怀孕、癫痫、心脏、高血压、脑损伤的情况下使用 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统的动态模型 , 得到了动态方程的数值结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些将有助于你进步提高技术 , 内容和当然的体现 , 如果不断地做到的话 , 那就会帮助你进步 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了一种10w/30qe/cc级发动机油的配方和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些工件都需要维护 , 必须在工作周围工作 , 并且如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	毫无疑问 , 卡尔德威尔德在联合国的胶囊酒店里做了一个生活 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的中频电源开发电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特·施威茨博士的职业使他在非洲建立医学诊所 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	通过机械方法、冻结和一般程序 , 通过细胞传递 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章对清末清代翻译的影响进行了分析 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	随后的蒸发步骤是由钙化产生的欲望纳米结构产生的 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	普遍放松技术包括冥想、心灵、太极、太极和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个跳点 , 你也可以注册一个.移动内容的mobi域 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	获得的晶体系统修改了mc公钥密码系统的类 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗地亚 , 我出生在那里 , 曾经是以前的乌格罗斯拉维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于陶瓷表面装饰及其使用的十字形纸 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分 , 讨论了离散非侵犯的诉讼价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一种基于碘的对比被注入到血流中 , 看着它周围的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想要把你的老电脑干净 , 选择包括回收、回收、捐赠和捐赠 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文还讨论了分布式指数建设和分布式检索的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	因为我们有这种不良分离 , 直到我们是一个痛苦 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源稀缺 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国的所有主要政策变化都是一项有限规模的试验过程和错误的结果 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送他无罪的儿子去承受我们所需的罚款的全部破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们找到很多方法 , 尽可能工作这个数学问题 。 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	所以 , 当供应链冲动时 , 企业家的ohmori成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感恩加斯通常是形状的矩形 , 方形储备为曼达拉斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	正如它可能的那样 , 神经毒素与男性比血毒素快得多 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主声箱采用边缘和角角度明显不同的矩形设计 , 线路成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	webapp.net使用xml允许多分区异步渲染和对应更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时 , " 佩宁 " 的眼睛焦虑来自于缺乏饮用声音的工作者 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特里亚尼尔为患大脑损伤的儿童和成年人提高了资金 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	一个没有经验的球员将试图跟随车辆的转换 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	蒂姆米:但是我是1 ) 过敏猫 。 保持猫不会对我来说很有趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师使用bm工具定义工具和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将超过可能等到本月 , 当他的第二次官方开始时 , 就会做一个动作 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以将一个从bugzilla和另一个从源控制系统中结合起来 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	kolli说 , 在非洲的马上干旱并不令人惊讶的是气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群泪弹的火焰机理是复杂的 , 没有一组复杂的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	在这里 , 基于gpu的多孔和gpu的系统是艰难的 , 今天的编程模式 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	临床治疗后 , 有些患者的症状明显改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我太多 , 恩尼斯 , 你儿子的理由 , 我希望我知道如何退出你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	此外 , 还有一个基于学生选择的1015页最后一篇文章 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开马米 , 获得了一个好的教育 , 培养了她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你为你的问题责任别人 , 你可能会感觉到喜欢在那些有错过你的人上收到报仇 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	以前的法官表示 , 他甚至批准凯瑟琳·杰克逊的对象 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们有两个主要的产品类别 , 一个是文件中心应用程序和另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师经常告诉我在谈话后看病人说 , 很多原因是我曾经受过过过的 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后又有第二个 , 三英尺长的角色在羊毛上 , 是宽阔而平坦的 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而 , 我宁愿看到一个年轻人祈祷的祈祷者比最常见的罗特祷告者 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是一个关于通信的arcane手段 , 因为大多数地方应该被废除 。 "
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看到她在香港玩得更好 , 我认为她不会在最后一轮中失望 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	鲍伊尔说: " 从障碍中抽出来是个点像 , 你知道 , 去长途旅行 。 "
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	" 使用你的手的明显优点是你总是拥有你 , " 西安porter说 。
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在酒吧饮料会议中 , 他的一名员工会谈到 , 他们应该在他们的缺乏中放下维生素 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重量损失实际上是一个连续功能 , 所以每个数据都应该附加 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	无论是永久 , 风暴总是给太阳带来了 , 冬天总是变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	这个邮票描绘了女演员在蒂芬尼的电影早餐上像好莱一样 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子经过我的电话和uhm , 可能叫你 。 所以如果你可以 , 请把你的名字拿下来 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	右 。 这是墨西哥的兄弟 , 尤塔兰是后卫的 , 这是古特玛拉的兄弟 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定到世界的价值 , 历史上 , 价值意味着我们的职业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站是聚集站或链路站 , 在某些情况下 , 两者都有 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	试验大胆 。 拿出大量 , 以及货物 , mimick , 让它自己 。 尝试和错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较了两种方法 , 功率特性数法的比剪力力分解法优于剪力分解法 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 如果我是你的话 , 我不会尝试喂这些小的作家 , 他们咬 , 可以携带疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	首次对ddd3单晶单晶纯剪切行为进行了研究 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列清洁和智慧的装饰下 , 命令os防御 , 外出军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个议员 , 联合国官员 , 几个错误的副本和法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免饮酒和阿司匹林 , 同时使用甲酸盐和米索普罗斯醇为医疗吸收 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种方式对非绩效贷款进行快速处理 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来的最后一部分建议 ; 不要从什么不存在的东西提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	讨论了矿山防爆电站积极器的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在学习自行车路的半路措施 , 同时允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	据其网站报道 , 1979年9月 , 李天在1979年9月创立了85名员工 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念无限扩展在信息化表达式公路上 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议明天早上我们去xxxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学习如何面对失败或失败 , 勇敢地勇敢 , 慷慨地 , 试图处理它 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的熔化模式 , 以处理它们的缓慢的羽毛 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表二:药物溶解性、聚合物和填充剂在研究中 , 在水和酒精中使用 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 所以 , 当晚餐时 , " 他说 , " 没有添加糖味的味道 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp还主办了每年的另一个重要事件 , 旨在为最终用户称为hp电子世界 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道新疆被认为是不利的 , 更好的学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	这个例子是一个ifthen规则 ; 因此 , 如果条件和其相应的行为 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	他们引入了苦恼的支持 ; 浏览器姿势 ; 一个漂亮的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时间使用的端点地址只是一个位置 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	与她的能力印象 , 沃兹达在公司法律实施中提供了一份工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	皮克和冲击部队的船正在从天空中掉出来 , 像鸭子在马什的一个坏日子 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例dhs内固定的干扰性骨折的影响 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量可以从样品的奇异序列数据中得到 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉安:如果我告诉她在一个很好的路上 , 给她带来一个三明治来快乐吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或高峰 , 或海岸 , 或者指向公园的角色 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说 , " 你是什么意思 , " 自我是巨大的 " , 不仅仅仅仅是精神的剪辑 ? "
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	纳索拉角只反映了上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部剖面的特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫斯教练里克·卡里斯勒说: " 我对他很高兴 。 我很高兴 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	一项新的订单子指数从9月份下跌至52.5点 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年为永久住宅提供了一个应用程序 , 并且他还没有收到 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	本文提出了一种基于plc的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在那个早期的时候 , 它打开了监狱门 , 使使命从成员中取消了任务 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl+c和ctrl+v构建新的实现只需要二秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	schrag说 , 岩石的海水释放将会随时间提高海平面 , 但并不多 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	每个人从池中跳到池里的人都必须做完美的潜水 , 或者在岩石上喷洒 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	血清由锚杆向内纳纳运输 , 第一位穆斯纳拿起血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱情发生在所有年龄的人们 , 因为人们的内在生活变化 , 以及一个人的机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	袭击的首要嫌疑是美国指定恐怖主义组织 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今年 , 今年为您欢乐 , 明天为您的祝福:出现和年轻美的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	我们说的原因是 , 虽然是因为任何时候你认为的 , 总是参考很多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他已经得到了30%的篮子 , 只有68%的篮子帮助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备也更为基本 , 涉及更少的槽 , 并且全部在3d纸币上处理 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2 。 只有与vip客户进行会议 , 才能实现其所有者结婚和可靠的...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	汽油价格仅四月增长了3.3% , 过去的一年上涨了33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站着 , 走过去跟池记者谈话 , 因为罗伯特斯捐了他的黑色绳子 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于俄罗斯美丽和肥沃的城镇 , 这是 " 中国摩托车 " 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	在课程创新中 , 主要学校教师在课程创新中的作用很强 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	镇下的滑坡缓慢填满盐刷 , 使表面沉降 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成分:小麦胚油 , 花米 , 兰德 , 橙色花 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看看我的脚 , 祖母冻结的僵硬决定做一双布垫靴 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它突然跳起来 , 模仿猎人士 , 把他们扔了一块坚果 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是铜铜 , 你是19岁的 , 你还没有达到你的原始 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何合理使用添加剂 , 提高阴极铜质量的方法 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一组尖锐、高精度的高精度双功能的机器 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一个绝对的君主不想要的事情是他们不想对自己的个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	这个国家最好的城市游泳团队也许是非常高度的 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	九十五间 , 金利 , 北山路115号 , 深河区 , 沈阳 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有猜到自己 , 他们不会谈论自己的事情 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:分析2006年唐山市2006年不确定患者的血清学效果 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	垃圾、木板和其他可燃材料必须从热工作领域删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这个非正式关系的存在给你带来了工作环境的规则 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 涵盖你的战术 , 心理战术是保护操作工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分 , 我主要阐述了生态社会主义的理论和生态社会主义的理论 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文分析了音频文件存储格式和恢复的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分为橡胶、闪过流、不可接受的脆化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸猫的恐惧被松鼠的激烈斗争留下来 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	据noa报道 , 财产损害预计 , 达到81美元和108亿美元之间 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个业务旅行 , 我很明显会带来大多数业务的伤亡项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文学不包装 , 安排 , 总结和分析 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球气体的燃烧液显示了核酶活性 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现上面的例子 , 您使用常规的表达式来执行替换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了遥感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	模拟陶瓷灰 , 直安全的微晶陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们在一定程度上认真地看到了其他的出现 , 关注了面对节约的问题 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	用过敏药物过敏抽象检测皮肤冲击试验的过敏原子 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图片:澳大利亚的珊瑚漂亮在大屏障礁/马特基弗 , 菲利克尔 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了快速 , 真正的餐 , 尝试小吃停在一边街上 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一位父亲 , 几乎不像铁匠一样工作 , 带着他的儿子在生活困难下 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	本文第一章介绍了基于qsar和编码方法、进展和应用的概况 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了苯乙烯合成聚合物催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	过去两年你参加了一家医院接受医疗治疗或医院 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	注意到腹部张力 , 胸腔检查显示颈部运动张力 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给出了名字 " 龙虎战斗 " 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	同时 , id也指出了快乐原则 , 这也代表了自我感谢 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不在于自己贷款 , 以建设印度最新的一代点 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	该系统可以更有效地利用传输带宽 , 实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后提出了基于v的固体溶液类型水性贮藏技术 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	根据计划 , 最大的资金来源是销售回到订单中 , 并已根据规划进行 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温条件下的硫酸与硫酸的关系制备了活性粘土 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前租赁是否允许您在某些时期内请求你的十个假期吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最确定路径 , 它是每个人都可以工作的东西 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思想的服务和谐的氛围 , 护士家真的是老人家 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工购买了332本杂志 , 44本小说和29本非小说书 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克林先生:我亲爱的 , 为什么不告诉我 , 我肯定我能帮助你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可能会采取错误的鸟类 , 通过手柄和播种来调查 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去努力达成健康保健改革的核心会议已经结束 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	该公司拥有自己的研究和开发基地 , 并在上海、上海和山西省生产基地 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	凯瑟琳建议: " 让我们住在城镇边缘廉价的摩特尔之一 。 "
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 对于太阳能周期来说仍然存在问题 , 同样适用于其他太阳能周期 。 "
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	一个有白头发的高高男子 , 是阿尔伯特 , 莫利的姐姐的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	在泰国 , 一个男人在大雨中走下了一条孟加克街 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免越南战争的服务 , 并将根放下来 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要成分:提取奶油 , 橄榄油 , 维生素b5 , geranium 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作搜索错误是更大的成功训练地 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但在这里 , 我发现最令人兴趣的事情中 , 很多对比却总是很抱歉 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们惊讶地听到损坏 , 船前的订单小心包装在我们的工厂前 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢家采取机会 , 像其他人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但他们拒绝让他们担心控制他们 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	城市警察没有充分支付 , 甚至甚至没有足够的钱给气体 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分 , 第四部分 , 学习新闻文章 , 如记者在这个自由的记者学习视频 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有一个强劲的工作市场时 , 组织需要做什么 , 不管他们能吸引最高的候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次在客户机前面 , 请求解释某些事情是一个日常的经历 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要落入相信的陷阱 , 因为你不能测试每行代码 , 你必须测试任何东西 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是 " 我曾经做过的最糟糕的记录 , 这也是最具钢琴性的 。 "
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火和风围绕着 , 轻松的青春树 , 使人感到兴奋 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页的内容是从illy港口或illy海关进出口公司目录 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我已经通过我的绘画表达了我对人类和环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	利用多线程应用高效分配系统资源 , 提高了系统性能 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男性建议每周不要喝超过21个单位和14个女性 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	崩溃状态中pnipam的时间常数几乎是温度和浓度依赖的 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部约束元素将处于热处理的铝灰中 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包装床是1980年开发的一种新型高重力气液体质量的大型设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	不管我学到什么语言 , 我总是试着看我的杯子 " 全半 " 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要绝缘 , 如果一名卡希尔拿起你的账单来检查它的身份 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔纳 , 拉米和霍斯顿认为 , 下盐可以成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	空中汽车a320在莫斯科飞往日内瓦时 , 试图出现hijakkkk 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	拥有这门课程的安排 , 50名学生发现6家公司和樱桃公司是其中之一 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自那段时间以来 , 麦当劳和其支出已经删除了1100家商店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界的书店和图书馆可以在这个时代的爱德华人负载吗 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家只能解决一些情况 , 比如两个并行板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这项发现还增加了更多的混淆 , 以确定女性的最佳策略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	我并不同意他的情绪评估我是个 " 独特的摩隆 " 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃赫里奇的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马吕斯的最著名 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 有限制使得所有的限制 , 但不可能将f22卖给日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	数学家是一个典型的中场球员 , 他必须表现出来的潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六我们又在柏林看到了另外一个人 , 沿着迈克海尔戈尔巴切夫 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这也是一个水果 , 来自nahuatl 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	当猴王进洞时 , 另一个动物用岩石覆盖洞门 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的路比必要要要多 , 但当然还要做最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	1881年 , 铁路未来迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我发现距离是我们的主要帐篷 , 永远不介意向北极 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	这种反应被过敏震、紫外线、紫外线和血管瘤表现 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄林抗林周围有许多小黄金矿床 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	关注于现有it资产的发现和特征 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	要参与学习角色 , 这样可以在需要时替换常规的表演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	由于几个很高的收入 , 迪顿解释说 , 平均比媒体要高得多 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可以重新编写下次的更改 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从未完成这项研究 , 所以我们从未写过 , 但我们发现一些有趣的初步事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	即使新的语言交付了一个优秀的游戏经验 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你发现你喜欢的公寓 , 立即向地主或财产经理提交应用程序 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期还可以重新招募优秀的诺达奇单位:攻击是一个日期表 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	本研究所得的单色染色体为稻田染色体3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	赫斯创造的最小雕塑 , 通过形状和纹理来保持与有机的关系 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	除了前几年以前 , 创伤的历史还没有 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	除了神秘之外 , 还描述了西方游客的攻击 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 通常印度 , 必须更仔细地准备他们的政府财务 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	2011年夏天 , 生产开始在秋天 , 电影预计将在2011年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	烦恼但是严肃的英语 , 你是我梦想得到的红色十二个球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	现在 , 沙巴现在只控制40%的摩加迪苏合适 , 几个月前从60%下降 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	在西班牙温暖的天气预测下 , 德国人说 , 他的日子应该站在好的稳定 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例运河成功重建 , 成功率为92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特性 , 如分离 , 环流影响出现周围的盘子 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	然而 , 这确实是非常确定的 , 看起来似乎没有什么东西 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德·斯洛特说 , 在亲吻之后 , 他离开旅馆附近的海滩 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	在这里 , 她不仅谈论真正的风险因素 , 还规定出可能是错误的迹象 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这比祈祷更有效 , 看起来似乎可以被解释为合作 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据订单需求 , 可以根据可调整梯度设计和制造 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	在1980年的马拉多纳普拉蒂尼的马拉多纳普拉蒂尼等一次史诗爆发中 , 没有迹象 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分行有限公司是一家正式专业装饰公司的诚信 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	" 突然 , 我喜欢这个城市的一切都是如此恐惧的 。 " 她说 。
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文的几个理论实例表明 , 表面的地形修正 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例表明 , 在源中使用的代码页也是窗口使用的 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设置温度高 , 可放电性与加热速度有负相关性 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很棒 , 中国的食物很好 。 让我们享受我们的午餐男人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特写成电脑 , 艾米莉作为椭圆钟 , 安妮作为行动钟 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	当我住在军队的时候 , 我永远不会忘记那些日子 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	第一件事 , 布兰在回来的时候跑到妈妈 , 给她的丈夫和亲吻 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , gout是可处理的 , 还有减少gout将恢复的风险的方法 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一种方法来返回其类别的标签和方法结合闭合作用 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰建立了一个停车器和盖子 , 这个探索了特里和费丁南德的天才 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果你想要语义上正确的数学比较 , 您应该使用双指标 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	生活的大学自由 , 人们暂时忘记过去 , 漂浮起来享受现在 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	胜利发出了一个弱的辐射形式 , 不能穿透皮肤 , 而且不能穿透皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后提出了集团开发策略的具体建议和措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	一般而且基本上 , 我仍然是那些对人类和我们的社会有益和无害的人之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种腐蚀盆地被封闭 , 进化成沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 在移动相位移动时 , 能量和熵都有助于组合分离 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化都带来新鲜的配件 , 服装 , 珠宝和身体颜色到新收藏 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	国外酒店会晤金融集团对边界压力的影响 , 是因为 " 狼 " 来了 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	" 我生命中四次的战争中没有人来 , 因为美国太强了 。 " 瑞根 。
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	九月份 , 该公司在2010年9月的销售预计下降了25% , 至6000辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	中国对中国内部事务的非干扰原则是不干扰 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨guillianbar综合征患者的电脑学特点 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏产生碳酸 , 肾脏病可能导致体内的碳酸缺乏 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	敬拜别人 , 信仰别人 , 事实上都是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	由于他们的环境和选择 , 动物在生命期间获得了某些特性 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	外缸和内缸之间的差距离开 , 空气的空气被泵入真空 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们想有人设计一个有趣的矢量图像 , 可靠的 , 可访问的怪物类型 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913年 , 直到1912年或1913年 , 他没有出版任何与法律结构有关的事情 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以放置在html中指定的位置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	给出了mmmm4u变频镜中等离子体不稳定性和潜在限制配置的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 这些交换属性描述系统平衡状态的平衡状态被称为状态变量 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	介绍了单扫描链设计中的存储元素的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文用宏孔树脂处理废水 , 从制造硫化硫的废水 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	负责党的工作 , 以及政府的直接实施 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	这位绅士无限资源丰富 , 在军队和政治环境中有密切的联系 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一辆汽车到达标准的车辆不可用的车辆 , 不得在路上运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用于急性慢性肠炎和腹泻的治疗 , 由细菌或真菌引起 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	1880年和1892年的其他协议将巴赫林的保护状态封闭到英国 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察合成康复疗法对糖尿病综合征的影响 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小多希基2:阳光不容易被清理 , 比如在一天的过度和雨水清理 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后采用两种037型防潜艇巡逻工艺加强了四艘船舶 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和开发作为燃烧和伤口愈合的新治疗尚未解决这个问题 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医学:很多peppsin、胰腺素、更多的酶素、更多的酶素、maifeiming等 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对气体参数的影响不大 , 但无论aw还是减少了 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	他副市长 , 会见了卡古希马文化交流集团的主要成员 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前冠军罗尼奥的苏尔维安相信 , 丁俊惠有必要走的东西 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	时间部署工作安全 , 严格实施领土监管责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区公共安全工作将面临着发展和面临严峻挑战的机会 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需求正在驱动it部门来实现基于标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划设备其他超光电动机 , 从10到60公斤的电动机 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在已经被新拥有者采取了 , 而它的财富问题似乎是过去的一件事 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑到我们都是不安的 , 它会解释我们彼此相互教学 , 它会使我们失去很多谜团 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	但是 , 有许多关于人们可以从死亡或鬼魂或姿态传播的事情 , 或者你有什么东西 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	sift将干燥成分混合碗中 , 添加在黄油和膝盖上形成粗糙 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 虽然很多来自银行家的演讲 , 但如此的观点似乎没有取得持有 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗明星价格为5星提供 , 价值建议在市场上不匹配 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我认为读者得到了这一点 。 在某些时候 , 我们都像这样做:我们太忙了 , 去做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	基本上 , 阿加西和里索斯的一切都是什么 , 他们生活中有的东西是感谢网球的 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在许多情况下 , 他们干涉了我国的正常经济秩序 , 影响了许多高质量的商品市场 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑事法 , 税收相关犯罪包括各种犯罪机构的税收制度 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 基于hikivision的图像捕获板 , 首先实现了图像捕获和pantilt控制 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能是在辩论的原则 , 例如识别失败 , 或者理解偏见 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否在做街道摄影或访问自然或人造网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能做外向跳 , 寻找方法来扩展你的目前的位置 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将会经过你的头冠 , 将会填补你的身体 , 你没有真正习惯 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度的变化 , 优化模型 , 降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	这是今年的一个热门话题 , 通道的主要特点是多路径传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都是否 , 金钱总是做出决定 , " pellegrino告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	山坡和其他产品设计开口袋不停止头发损失或促进头发的增长 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	温室实验结果表明 , 生物控制效率可达72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有人认为我们坐在不远的未来的高峰上 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周在我们的系列中 , 拉里西和托尼里·里格斯描述了一场反war运动正在增长 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使在前利润学习中心 , 还是在历史遗址上领导旅游 , 还需要一个主人 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	新加坡人和新加坡人士将在16岁以上的bct费用浪费 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	介绍了hl7中间件的实现方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我在柏拉图上列表 , 如果我问我 , 我的命令链不会移动我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆起重庆起头狩猎公司作为一项实例 , 为运营模式进行初步研究 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵项目风险分析模型具有独特的理论和方法解决这些问题 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来分支付的折扣价值的商业学校方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么能说 ? 无论怎么样才能再生 ? 还有没有死亡 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	护士:一项惩罚 , 被警告为未来的暴力 , 类似于古罗 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一节解释说 , 这个成本更全面 , 因为它探讨了启动成本是如何最初创建成本 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动学的科学研究是揭示事物的本质及其客观法的认识过程 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	但菲勒的妻子林达 , 还有一个猎物是错误的: " 你知道妻子 , 作为一个偶然 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	原则上 , 每个基因组的复制 ; s估计60 , 000基因是同样的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员查看这个课题 , 这个作者应该把政府发送来做什么 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想要匹配这些字符的任意 , 那么你必须使用一个逃跑背部 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当在2008年欧洲冠军的模式时 , 预测赢家并没有让它成为第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	采用多功能模具 , 可制造出方向和圆孔角钢法兰e 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	好心是广泛、慷慨、容忍的宇宙 , 为人类的益处 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我首先表达了我们最诚挚的祝贺课堂团体实现了优秀的结果和同学 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	沿着湾中心 , 赢得了国家建设 " luban奖 " 现代园林广场 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几个星期 , 我的26岁儿子大卫 , 曾经跟他去大西洋城 , n 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	泰尔曼特说 , 银行拥有客户的信任 , 并没有看到任何有意义的基金流出 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	持久游泳者戴安娜·尼亚德已经成为第一位来自古巴的游泳者 , 没有鲨鱼笼子 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	博纳告诉记者说: " 对于总统来说 , 这是不负责的 。 "
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事显示 , 贫困国家的癌症现实和其对人民和家庭的强烈影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在阿克马尔·沙克之后 , 精神病人 , 明天被执行 , 你每年都是短期的 。
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	根据相关规定 , 违反法规或违规的任何人都会被处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许不到一公斤 , 听起来像很多 , 但实际上 , 核器件是小的 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在一个更基本的水平上 , 美国人不仅害怕死亡 , 而是谈论和思考死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	晚些时候 , " 朱明露笔意识 " 这个读: " 中国的伟大年代 , 没有云变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球inc是一家位于加州华盛顿海滩的美国公司 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商将拥有超过医疗设备qs规范的质量系统 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个喜欢道德化的男人通常是虚伪的 , 一个同样的女人是不可避免的 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	虽然我们中没有人会单独改变宇宙的过程 , 集体上我们可以做这件事 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他说 , " 通过我们的领导者的神和智慧 , 这些情节是中性化的 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	一项调查了龙乌山地区野生花卉的阿布斯群岛及其应用 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记住 , 神的名字代表我们所名的神 , 耶和华神本身是这座塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用浪费一个基础推进剂 , 通过目击钢板判断了电荷的破坏场合 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自从fda上三月开始崩溃药物 , amgen的股价已经超过27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文总结了用增加re合金加入的almg合金的实验研究 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	根据消息集的消息 , 经纪人文件系统的存储并存储在经纪人文件系统上 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰b.沃森敦促与儿童处理极端坚定 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该需要更多的话来解释图片的意思 , 或者为什么你包含的原因 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	辣椒 , 香肠 , 香肠 , 香肠 , 柠檬 , 洋葱 , 蒜只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	尝试和清楚你的思想 , 并努力想到帮助睡眠的积极思想 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但在1992年中国加入了npt和nsg之后 , 至少正式正式重新在这项帮助下 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	哈尼问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金 , 她不能再爱一个人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	问题在于我国农村地区人力资本投资的不足和低效率 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	在一段时间里 , 姨妈的风也有大胸 , 它们的开放 , 她也会把东西扔出来 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有嘴巴 , 点眼睛 , 粘着肢体 ; 嘴唇不聪明 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	爷爷 , 告诉我你怎么做什么 ? 有些天我想做最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚总统 , 塔里亚巴斯库是黑海地区大西洋主义的基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与肝脏之间的直接联系很好了解 , 但酒精对其他器官的影响是什么 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但是我认为 , 我做的是时间来评估我做的事情 , 是否还是不会对我的存在添加任何价值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中显示的最后一个菜单项 , 包含一个额外的html类:在线需要 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 , " 感谢上帝 " , 言语只是周四使用 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	edgelyjr , 61岁的活动家和演员 , 一直在做这件事 , 比任何人都要长 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很艰难 , 我很抱歉 , 我知道我想要什么 。 如果那让一个坏女人 , 好吧 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们问你们应该在碰撞之前讨论的关系专家 , 这里有13个问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	北京官员gdyepstein自2002年以来已经覆盖了中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一个停车是东城 , 东莞县的座位已经是出口贸易的新兴力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	我们已经立法解决了10年前的国家卫生服务 , 自从没有发生 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到现在 , 本文根据实践中根据理论和实践测试的模型构建了一个框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客触摸一个人 , 让他们知道他需要穿过但允许他的手比必要更长 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他去了她 , 轻轻轻地为她的信心 , 保证她的搜索结束了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipsjtomcat.zip到您的tmcat安装的webapps目录 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	该小组只显示了由cdk1分化成骨细胞的ezh2磷的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但中国并不认识这一事实 , 如果他应该这样做 , 那就会消除自己的不良感 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长调节剂量对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘记这些基本的真理时 , 它总是会在教堂里造成麻烦 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了世界实现maitreya的未来 , 必须实现许多条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	弗兰克博士是瑞士联邦科技研究所的一个专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	芽膜合同和叶片长 , 损失或婚礼 , 没有任何东西形成齿状的一部分 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	进行监测、检查和质量控制 , 在室内和子承包机钢制造和焊接部分 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种羟基甲基苯分散酶、其编码基因和应用 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	紧密的商店尝试和控制动力 , 你只能依靠自己的内部创新机械和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 研究人员可能会得到相同的限制卡路里的利益 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 减少的努力并不足以得到组装线的其他地方重新启动 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:2011间房间2014间 , 陶瓷研究中心 , 佛西路 , 潮州 , 中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于乙酸乙酸乙酯离子的平行二甲烷-丙烯-pc膜电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和skeleton对象也需要关心开始和承诺容器管理事务 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我会想到天上和地上 , 血 , 和火 , 以及烟囱的枕头 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自从新世纪开始以来 , 本课题的大规模介绍开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年建立了一家著名的中国现代绘画和书法的真实事务网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用 , 建立了与inotify的通信 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠行走是心理病学范围内的意识障碍之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	答:那些进入中国的非法侵犯了中国的法律 , 应当根据法律处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液试验早在怀孕中可靠 , 而超声也不够 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc介质也增加了cm模型的血管数量和血管的加速 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 经常泪在你的眼睛里 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败了 , 他的妻子将有一个可行的剂量 , 证据证据证明 , 面对他 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是一个重点的变化 , 而自动变化是全球和扩散 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望莎莎莎的同学或朋友来到国外可以阅读你的文章 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了ctv图形组件库 , 只是援助软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但牛奶充满了厚的白细胞 , 使牛奶更快地坏了 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	同样 , 烹饪和可食品质主要由f1组合的gca和sca测定 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	这种技术支持了欧盟远距离测量和ls移位欧盟远距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	克斯特说: " 宫颈是一种治疗常见化疗的替代方式 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	汽油的平均价格在最近一周最近3.70美元下跌7美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她的苦苦准备下降时 , 发现所有的视频剪辑都比记录中的所有视频剪辑都要好 ;
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然你可以购买一些未锁定的电话 , 但通常是一个运营的方法 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验表明 , 金属离子对脂肪植物的形状、尺寸和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	" 如果我从美国开始 , 我会花费更多的时间去找资金 , " 江说 。
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果有神经学差异 , 它可以解释其行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干化学试验纸的临床应用价值及尿液沉积镜检查方法 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一个伟大的员工 , 并对我的团队作出了重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	本杂志有权选择并发布了本杂志刊登的作品和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第十二条小规模的税人付款人goods或可税务服务的利率应当是6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组电机功能明显提高 , 特别是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	干旱通过亚热带传播 , 伴随着热波和强烈的野火 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张照片 , 约翰·列侬和约翰·莱诺 , 他们就像一个光滑的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的黑发和银色的玻璃 , 使他成为哈利波特的死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮寄到美国的非洲 , 首20克是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡是一个财富的部分 , 必须给穷人或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	因此 , 碰撞后几乎发生了什么 , 电子在这里倒下来 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么 ? 这看起来像你站在拉拉拉的一个巨大的朱尼亚人一样 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内部援助从你的脚部消毒 , 使他们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她每天喂了三到四次 , 同样的婴儿需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	在我们的知识最好的情况下 , 大脑毛囊肿瘤很少被瑞典报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看 , 这个消息大约是一名80岁的女孩 , 她为她的狗出生花了3000元 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	使用er图工具设计系统信息模型 , 并构建了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	在我们的路上没有洪水 , 但在这里 , 山区的山区却落在路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层和监督控制层网络系统的框架 , 提出了改进 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论本实验室检查对bmt早期诊断有明显的帮助 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	设计的传感器也可以用来测量其他类型的线性位移或旋转角 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析汉代铜描述的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	重城西部和东部的pt条件有不同的pt条件 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运行策略:积极适应 , 进步 , 独立发展 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 该公式被认为是可用于管道沉降的绘制力计算 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	设置值是一个java.lang.对象或子类的参考 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	国家大学运动协会在美国政府体育大学体育学院 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着那些住在大房子里的人 , 不要你 ? " 一个女孩问道 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我丈夫的第一次教练经验是与一个高中学篮球队一起 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨创伤性脑内出血的临床特点及治疗 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	有缺陷 , 如洗孔 , 吹孔 , 分散在蝴蝶型阀内 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	这个数额每年都增加了你在这里与通货膨胀和对象进行联系 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因基本上是由于东西的思想差异 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	其中一个反抑郁剂丸的下面之一是 , 他们可以在两到八周之间进行长时间工作 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有一个伟大的关系 , 即使在他打电话后 , 他叫我想知道我的一切事情 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是我们建立的一个学术发展基金的主要利益 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文对现代景观希腊工程建设管理进行了分析 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州人民大会 , 华盛顿黄永广说 , 学校主席 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立一种新制备的复合四氯酸盐凝胶的质量控制方法 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间 , 豪华房间 , 单个房间 , 各种套房 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染及耐药状态在医疗强度护理单位 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨不同肠段的吸收动力学对大鼠肠道分段的影响 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜 , 奇妙的魔鬼洞 , 水 , 水 , 摩西 , 劳伦 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	回到韩国南方 , 烟雾和威廉镇 , 享受了两个人在爱情时期的两个人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	所以 , 这只是最大的电子 , 你可以在单个轨道上有两个电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记关于水平表面 , 忘记记站起来 , 只要拿起四分之一 , 把它扔掉 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 编码 " 意味着足够的信息共享、互相理解和同时期的平行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰也有神话质量 , 因为直到日本发现他们不可能生长 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	就在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 他和妻子在34年前搬了 , 就在他们结婚之前 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	我也喜欢我的自由 , 现在我不确定我做 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	本发明是可专利的 , 必须明显 " 到艺术中的普通技能之一 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	五月五日 , 莱昂纳德弦乐场发布和文章在巴塔维亚 , 伊利诺斯关于亚利文斯 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣卢西亚明显是一个岛屿 , 一个只能希望它能保持它的未pot魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请保持清洁的环境 , 关闭手机和b.b.调用 , 准备 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac的治疗效率比传统的pc或铝硫酸铝更好 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户从音乐博客到cnn中导航的话 , 可以添加什么价值 ?
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我只是在丹麦 , 就发生在我那里 , 没有一个大古尔普社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	要处理idp的增加负载 , 基于集群的集群实现负载平衡是必要的 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但在那么暴力的存在中 , 一个诱惑 , 原因消失了 ; 没有任何事情 , 只是本能 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与爱尔兰群体一样 , 同时 , 我们对陶瓷工作的新观点是很好的 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务预算是信用市场的关键问题 , 是短期经济转移到超过一个问题 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听 , 但也没有办法 , 然后她看到北方和蓝军 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到了一群迷人的迷宫 , 半光 , 这是诗意感觉的本质 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但改变足够的话 , 虽然只有一次 , 你的思想终结了死亡 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然 , 两个女孩中有一个替代 , 另一个推出了另一个人 , 进入水中 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳光闪烁着河进口 , 与丈夫混在地平线上 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一对可能不适合你的鞋子 , 所以你可能想要分开穿鞋或运动的正畸学 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后他又向卫报告 , 然而 , 他的特殊插图的细节并不被人所知 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	加入宗教团体所规定的这一想法 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	一名澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和提高氢燃料生产 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔夫歌曲 , 诺顿扮演 " 天鹅河 " , 然后 " 黑圣的 " 快速 " 的 " 快速温泉 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	交易机制和系统将由公司维护 , 代理存储 , 零售商旧销售 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期库存系统 , 必须通过视觉检查来控制库存 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	但我对你说 , 应该更容易在判断的日子中判断的土地 , 比起判断的日子 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一个情感 , 一旦对山西的每个艺术家来说 , 都是保罗麦卡特尼的 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	节省成本大 , 新应用程序或功能的时间市场大大提高 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	出席适合拉弗莱先生的开放式衬衫的服装 , 通常是体育 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后给出了匹配和线性电压控制条件下的最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 黄张不能控制自己 , 但开始笑着他爱的妻子和可爱的婴儿 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道 , 爸爸怎么努力 , 为我的承诺和教训 , 共同工作足够的钱 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	得到一些人或某些东西 , 用轻轻轻的轻轻轻轻轻地在屏幕上 。 这样 , 为两个屏幕做 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	温柔是一个锋利的剑 , 温柔的是一种潜在的力量 , 让所有人都提交自己 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 道德和经济都变得不可再相反 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试 , 我会得到一个坏的年级 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但这两次的学术奖金也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	第二 , 指针偏差开始于指针 , 并遵循箭头来访问指针 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	相信在12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 历史上第一场篮球比赛 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期醒来的时候 , 他声称与共和党人在国会工作的愿望 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本远远远 , 但日本已经成为那些逃离美元的人之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	他们正在向西方和自然春天的地方有可缝的道路 , 树木 , 山顶 , 山顶到西方和自然泉 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	詹宁斯白博士在有机化学和香水方面发表了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗 ? 我不相信 , 我以为他一直在工作像我的兄弟一样 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的姐姐为一间蘑菇弄错了我 , 她把我留在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	皇家罗萨尔赞扬了 " 异常 " 圣的生活 。 " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	" 这只是那些必须担心一旦提交结果的事情的恶性家伙 。 " 利夫什蒂斯说 。
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们把自己的办法放到第二楼的房间 , 打破门 , 穿着军官的统一服装 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的本体合并方法可以克服传统的本体逻辑合并方法 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了液相色谱法测定液相色谱法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件流程元模型是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	本文介绍了大量前秦儒家的思想和道教思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房 , 他沿他的信里滑了刀 , 把它们折叠的信息扔出来 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地人民杀死了所有人 , 他们在他的地方作了约西亚王 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	另一家零售链 , 是第一家在同样的销售地板上提供的质量和预期 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	自从法国政府被罚款以来 , 达格尔并不需要从发明到生活中赚钱 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉人们 , 吃鲨鱼的文件是细的 , 但是吃这类动物的翅膀是不错的吗 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	为了感觉空气温度 , 如风机加热器、热空气隧道等 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电力转换器在提高模式下运行时 , 低压侧电池将放电 , 为dc连接提供电力 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的下降发生在1256年 , 由于蒙古帝国扩张到伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个带带状区图 , 并提出了一种不能引起振动的边界图 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下文链接应该对创建并使用的事务进行理解 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个热夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面变得充满幻想 , 充满诱惑 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微型电力学系统多粒度宏模拟非标准结构模型顺序降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨阿米尔河纳沥青的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在它发生之前 , 我喜欢学校 , 我喜欢一切东西 , " 红色 , 现在19岁 , 在cnn电视台上说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间是用各种类型的房屋和贸易员的工作坊和他们的中间院子做的 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学习了一些当地的范围 , 包括在家庭的巴菲尼迪亚 , 如果吃的话 , 会有毒 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	然而 , 在危险中 , 假设可能的危险中 , 量化的事情都有一个冲突 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的正式集 , 给出了正交半群的构造定理 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析了天线高度扫描的存在问题 , 用辐射特性对测量方法的影响 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但我们必须提醒我们的同志 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 5月7日 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满了雄心和骄傲 , 一旦他们收集了他们的第一条裤子 , 他们的死亡 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	本价格定位显著提高了潜在的null布局 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果表明 , 花粉doret和蒙古羊之间的抗感染差异有显著性 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 超过山的橄榄树 " , " 小河 " 、 " 村庄跨越 " 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在新西兰电视台的视频图片中 , 男人在他被拉出来的垃圾中携带伤害的男人 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 作为乔治马逊大学地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	奥萨克的土耳其农民并非免疫 , 每个地方都在打击农村社区的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	因此 , 紫色种子在其它树顶上取根 , 植物和生长成这样的大平面树 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	政治科学家彼得·l&uml说: " 沃尔克斯帕蒂恩来到了一端 。 "
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	定量地处理了厦门西部七个站的沉积样品 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两者都成功到了饮酒和妇女的诱惑 , 与批评家和新闻社有着不清的关系 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	达什板收到的上下文信息 , 从集中应用程序 , 并使用它查询后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	agv爷基础系统是一套软件控制和管理许多gv来完成许多材料传输任务的软件 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为第五章开始的第一章 , 这里有一个药物 , 这些药物已经促进了一个霍塞浦的禁令 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	运输方便:上海的220公里 , 来自杭州的65公里 , 290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作家罗伯特·沃尔斯勒创造了一个诗人肖像时 , 他实际上写了一个自我肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	你所想到的一切都是 , 说 , 做的 , 现在你所做的 , 也包含的是未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖分子nuke , 来自strayexsovietfisile材料组装的一个恐怖分子 , 可以破坏整个日子 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听了两个朋友谈论过去 , 想 " 梦想 " 的现实 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	运作研究的性质和特点 , 知识系统 , 发展历史 , 应用程序 , 业务决策中的功能 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	据伊里克逊说: " 我是个真空 , 我已经活了500多年了 。 "
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	所以 , 五月份 , 在压力削减警方数字的情况下 , 因此 , 警方计划的结果 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	所以 , 当伊利亚时 , 神的惊讶的预言 , 只有上帝把我当作一个先知 , 就像他死后一样 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	他说 , 参加他的阅读 , 数量大 , 40 , 000人住在同一城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确保 , 我认为你应该有三个玻璃尿检查 , 以及前列腺分泌的检查 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	学校有小张 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 现在积极努力建立一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	该公司拥有有强大的技术力量和国内先进的产品r&d能力研究所 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝结冷却 , 失去与组织的联系 , 白海天使倾斜也承认他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府对国家卫生议程的免疫高度投资的关键性是关键 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	本文介绍了斜面计偏差测量机理的设计原理和计算方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在福利多元主义的影响下 , 社区护理已经成为复制问题的主要战略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	实际上 , 我每天都在监狱里玩笑 , 我用冷水洗澡 , 无论是雪还是在 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被保存到一个持久的媒介中 , 作为新的文档或作为他们原始的数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学负债解决方案具有良好的稳定性、服务寿命长、较低的处理钢表面粗糙度 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他是由4名高级部长支持的 , 负责人 , 他也被选举为政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	房屋活动家和学者表示 , 这次选举年期的账单会轻松 , 但不会结束 , 房屋危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利安的目标是捕捉她可以在那个时间框架内的最好的肖像 , 你的工作是帮助她这样做 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文斯先生说 , 从现在的移民将在 " 澳大利亚的工作力结构上发挥更大的作用 " 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人震惊的责任 , 知道你正在为未来准备 , 中国下一代领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这种损失的成员 , 他们有一个警告的外交观 , 第一 , 然后问问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板板加固软土基础具有快速、快速、效果好、易于施工的特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 心灵树咨询成立于1999年 , 预计现在的材料化的非常威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	这比原来的50倍大 , 覆盖240sqm的等效区域22辆伦敦公共汽车 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但上帝不仅原谅过去 , 就像你从来没有犯罪的那样 , 他穿着你 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	看着人们彼此关闭6个 , 哭泣 , 在最后一个时代 , 让我欣赏我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟焦是一个非常成熟的加工技术 , 它看起来是一个普通的深度处理手段 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	2005年房屋的高峰上涨 , 现有和新房屋的销售都在1976年的两倍 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:全夜监测6例sb患者和8例正常人 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	她的男孩 , 他们在贝尔维德里得到了好吗 ? 那么 ? 父亲对此很高兴 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	非医疗用药在50-59岁的年龄组中也比6000岁的年龄组更常见 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国人民的基本兴趣 , 是中国人民贸易和朋友 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们还可以猜测 , 这样的牙刷可能会伤害人类的牙齿 , 以及他的情绪 , 大大不便于他 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是 , 一个过度信心的李思想 , 加强了两个平坦 , 梅德将会在中心弱 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	范尼拉是最受欢迎的风味 , 是在商店前面的一个单独的案例 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	离婚的女性超过三十个或//或是离婚的女性 , 在中国约会文化中 , 几乎有一个像个人类似的地位 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些摩尔人常常在这晚上错过路 , 我可以告诉你现在没有机会改变 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是中国城市的一个新的壳鱼电视节目 , 关于爱情、幸运、青年文化和街道生活 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏幕上的新闻 , 死辊现在21万人 , 超过100人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , 在扩展后 , eg在细胞查询中插入到细胞中 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	真正的回答可能更自然 , 因为高尔夫球员在高尔夫球员高尔夫球员高尔夫球员的手臂很高兴 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他种玉米有较少的水 , 不要流行 。 当你加热玉米时 , 内部的水使玉米爆炸 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症、心脏病 , 取决于剂量的化学物质 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到我在这次冒险前花了太多钱 , 现在我必须一段时间住在信用卡上 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会的责任明确定义吗 ? 这些定义是否满足区域的需要 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	一种应用于相机的研究人员环境是流式细胞仪 , 一种用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺: " 维持信心 , 保护他的客户的秘密 。 "
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 提出了负高压电源供电理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但是如何标准进行神经病学评估的标准是目前没有共识的 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我问她建议 , 她总是准备好帮助 , 解释我的满意 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这种版本双扫描器有两个输出线 , 使得它适用于各种使用 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你像一个令人惊讶的教育经验 , 那么你就会得到很多机会 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国向叙利亚大使提出了一份邀请 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地回答道: " 主的声音像上帝亲吻 , 没有任何伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	但随后 , 他们与土地有关 , 他们杀死了一个可考虑的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在贵阳高中完全开发 , 获得了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从奥巴伦斯基的政权转移到贝祖霍夫 , 这是在莫斯科附近形成的 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智力操作 , 包括使用战略底层和覆盖操作 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分介绍了我校英语课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是不变的 , 几乎没有完成低密钥的珊瑚细胞组工作的地方 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理还访问了罗德达通用医院 , 中国社会福利项目由中国资助的社会福利项目 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个例子正在改变表空间容器的位置 , 它也可以使用备份和恢复 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有造成对商业名牌的改造造造成损害 , 但将提高他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	梅卡特的世界是一部关于探索、发现和地球和空间映射的两个月杂志 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元酶将从您的电脑中运行198.95美元和移动视频和图像 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	通过对渤海沿海沿岸的最后一次冰川损失的调查 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试类似于最近实际的长度、问题类型和困难程度 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	比较了vrv热泵空调系统对传统热系统的经济效率 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这部电影是一个美国版本的两千八个法国激烈者叫做 " 波尔·埃尔 " 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	用灯具的灯具 , 用灯头燃烧在内部的圣殿前面 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有许多道教部门 , 其中 , 上清省有最大的影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展已经给出了圣诞节和其他外国节的流行 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐歌在 " 新疆小学 " 中显示了思想治理的每一面 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春季排水期的第一次抽水雨日期是明显的十年间特征 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有saa指令员都在工作场培训和评估中获得了4份证书 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以把这笔钱送到达尔富尔的营地 , 到了艾滋病疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看 , 我们拇指和拳击手 , 我们到车时有点困难 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道你的眼睑没有触摸到黑色 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有大量的 " 也许 " , 看起来似乎只是能贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置的改变是否是瓶颈的原因 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本烹饪书中 , 食品的汤很温和 , 因此 , 适合全年消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果在严重组中 , 交付和出生重量的妊娠年龄明显低于寒组 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统选举了一家古巴出生的商业经理 , 成为他的新秘书 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然很糟糕的是 , 我不能吃饭 , 但我仍然可以和那些面条和饺子一起吃饭 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp被给予了尊重的权力 , 这意味着它被允许叫做大学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年发表了我的第一篇文章 , 但写于1983年初 , 直到1983年秋天 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以回来 , 开始了解为什么事情正在发生 , 你可以找到积极的后果 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着 , 如果你想要保持技能 , 并且在你的财务给予收入时 , 你必须更少的激励 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	玫瑰的银色上升 , 但为了旅行 , 因此与郭东没有瞬间回到嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种行业的新标准 , 包括卫生保健 , 已经促进了xmlenabled应用程序的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你犯了严重错误 , 如果你受伤了别人或者自己 , 那就不用来感觉罪 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	一个主机或服务决定停止在其百分比的状态下降低一个低折叠的阈值 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	变量系数 , 解决方案本身和其正常流量可能是不连续的 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠等离子体内的体外稳定性及其活性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母 , 儿科学家 , 教育家和心理学家 , 寻求帮助方式 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	在第一次出口 , 重 , 军事地面和马上 , 海洋植被 , 大大延迟了我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸爸:在古典建筑中 , 基地和玉米之间的平原部分 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	肖宁是一个机械 , 这是他的工作室 , 他的工作室里有一个小的房间 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	改变一封新闻 , 不仅没有逃避 , 还是穿着衣服 , 准备好救父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他在那里捕捉了数十亿人住在那里 , 希望2050年住在哪里 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	一些西美中部的一些国家已经宣布 , 由于雨水和火炬 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	戈西普:看到纳特·阿尔巴德学习你不知道 , 直到去了 , 找到别人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论利多卡因结合dexamethasone可以防止由dctaxol引起的phlebitis 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两个人醒来 , 突然看到了春花的俊俊 , 被谁来到了 , 说去寻找宾阴 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突变了非感觉 , 沉默的月亮掩盖了一个柔软的光 , 投影在地面上 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 尊敬客人 , 女士和温柔的 , 所有的员工都是京华 , 下午好 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	由于人类对其影响 , 辽江流域的影响 , 典型的李江流域森林几乎几乎没有看到拉希海地区 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 野生的燃烧与包装动物有关 , 或者被金矿和其他人自由的动物 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	考古学家猜测 , 园林在建筑上铺设 , 为提高水的规定 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	北极将是一个21世纪的萨拉杰维奥 , 在能源资源上触发一个主要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	ueyyyyyyyue的未期待死亡已经通过良好的萨马利亚法律进行了一场激烈的国际辩论 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期极化锂的原理、制造及应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	克服悲伤和痴呆 , 乐队有许多城镇在高原因犯罪中执行 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果采用异丙烯酸酯作为溶剂 , 用异丙烯酸酯对介质的膜过滤避免了介质干扰 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	1893年 , 在27岁的时代 , 他报道了一个照明方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 这些诗的意义很清楚 , 读者可以从她的经历中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	制定家庭可靠的程序目标是防止4000万的封闭 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	事实上 , 气体速度和压力在径向和周向方向的交叉截面变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在教室培训和评估中花了2个小时 , 每个学生都会赚0.2个ceu 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了anthrace和苯乙烯静极性的精确dft研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把鸡蛋放在炉子上 , 蛋沙拉三明治都是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 广东核电厂在18个月的燃料周期获得大边缘 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室试验中 , 他们发现一个叫做banlec的lectin作为两个当前的hiv药物 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	400个im不仅需要强度和速度在所有四个方面 , 而且还需要巨大的耐力 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	潘迪说: " 当解释已经把他的拇指固定到这个公共文档中 , " 潘迪说 , " 他们不能回来 。
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是个班球员 , 他很不同 。 我不能找到任何其他的前锋 , 看起来像他 , 或者像他一样玩 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员表示 , 他们的发现也可以适用于那些声称他们依赖早上一杯茶来获得他们的大脑 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看没有人会来 , 给你食物或水 , " 上帝会为我提供 , " 是唯一的答案 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度饮食不会增加你的抑郁 , 但增加重量 , 你需要适合你的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	在互联网之后 , 他开始从空间发出twitpics , 然后获得忠诚的追随 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	另一天 , 她只是想说她对整个事情的想法 , 没有任何意图战斗 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用正确的xilla法制备移植肿瘤模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我得到参议院晚些时候 , 所以在他们回家后我可以把它转到 , 他们不能忽视它 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本文确定并比较了人体的强度、ilium、kull和rib的强度限制 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	科斯的物种已经被建立为一个扎伯拉克 , 使他成为死亡的马ul 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛使用 , hlv兼容电路的设计已经越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝型电力设备:主要固定在海岸上 , 为工厂、房屋和其他厂家提供电力 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	这位21岁的丹麦国际广泛被视为欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	妇女在诊断中年35岁 , 被观察到17408岁 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	拜仁慕尼黑的中场离开已经证实了 , 他将在博士曼转会上留下 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	刺激生物 , 凤凰 。 他们可以立即携带重量的负荷 。 他们的泪水有健康的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样的情况下 , 该组织可以使用简单的进展检验列表来对机制和倡议进行操作控制 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	在英格兰的木材和纤维玻璃手工 , 椭圆形状的内部措施只有6英尺 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是医院所有可见资本的一般名字 , 在知识驱动经济时代 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇室梅尔本哲学具有很多原因 , 它与观众共享庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 沙鲁克担任杜 , 国家的第二个电信运营商 , 其他电信运营商 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前渗透膜只释放新鲜的水进入海洋 , 不允许盐水污染袋子 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们欢迎来自我们的城市委员会的帮助----------------------------------------------------
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你每周有限的工资预算和最大5k , 但是你想要的玩家要求7kk 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血吸:现在有机会从任何英雄袭击 , 血吸虫 , 或威尔温德触发 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	提出了一种用于非静态过程线性结合的第一交叉可靠性计算的有效数值方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	由于市场营销渠道 , 该项目应采取授权的销售代理模型来提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民担心 , 跨环境可以造成低质量混合植物 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员发现 , 不同形状和尺寸的羽毛与不同的谐波结构有不同的频率 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨逆行内膜内钉对远端骨折的超肢间骨折的影响 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	该工具配备了一个进一步的喉咙动作 , 它允许一个低速度的小喉咙开关 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	采用pd控制算法 , 限制了控制量和整合量的范围 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	建立了一种可离子和强极性有机化合物的伪相液相色谱法 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	苏州公园和建筑是苏州会议或社会场合的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	运行显微镜观察了前路通信动脉免疫的解剖特性 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	剪刀切花要用锋利的刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早晨或鸭子可顾问 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在程序方面 , 法官、党和其他参与者的论点需要相同的辩论和对话 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记一下 , 圣诞节一直在看电影 , 或者假期假期阅读一本1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	特里lundgren是马西的首席执行官 , 公司拥有马西和布鲁明达尔部门的公司 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 无论你将发生在一个类、会议、会议、会议或会议中 , 都会有什么惊讶 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们通常相信自己的能力 , 但我们不信任别人管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南副部长phinhminh称周一结束的会谈 , 这是生产性的 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	调用大声你心中麻烦...随后节奏......在一起 , 他们的头发一起...
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷铬矿床运行的关键点及其作用 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配分解器的标志 , 那么分裂的结果就向小无限性 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨鼻咽管重建对ktp激光再生性先天性胆囊炎的影响 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	您有一个单个消息引擎 , 当您添加集群作为si总线的成员时 , 就会自动创建 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平板表面将阻挡风流 , 同时也会创造一个死水区 , 在它正方形之前捕捉该bug 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国在2008年继续成为全国各地寻求亚洲国家的主要国家 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何响应文本文档都可以有丰富的或平原的文本字段应用到电子邮件消息中 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	murrieta拥有教育 , 高收入的人口比旧地哥和橘子县的社区相比 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	委员会是一个非投票者 , 但即使是fda咨询委员会还没有投票的顾问面板 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在市场条件下 , 已经形成了10年 , 经验丰富 , 可以加入更多的公司 , 将建立产业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克森说: " 你需要削减一个制度 , 迫使制度改变到系统 。 "
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者学习以前的检查 , 古城已经订单了两个 " 五条鼻子 " 的工厂建设 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是笔者的作者:指导 , 以及《查德勒·伯尔》2003年的主题 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、规划、设计、设计和交付集成服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供高品质的时尚产品的客户 , 为每个事情做好好工作 " , 都被用来为一个风格的qadir 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr的常见离散工作方式 , 在gpr记录中有大量的水平相干噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 28岁的大脑是怎样产生的 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 周围都很享受 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	牺牲者是积极的人 ; 他们对生活有着明亮的探索 , 是企业 , 充满能源和生命力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	一般来说 , 废物不存在或展示感染的内在危险 , 除了非常具体的案例外 , 还不会出现 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	但是 , 没有什么事情 。 相反 , 阿尔匹奥斯通过一个轻松的预期和谐的继续演变 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨酪氨酸酶在视觉动物病理模式中的含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有jcs气体都通过政府机构分析的重力标准气体分配了它们的价值 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这个步骤是过去几十年前生物化学研究的最强烈的挫折 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个比赛都给了一个塔子 , 坐在身上 , 覆盖自己 , 但只有在他们完全打破之后才能 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	它提供了一个单一和完成的客户、合作伙伴、产品以及通过数据仓库或联邦提供业务 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	一家公司可能有时候 , 为了迫使其竞争对手陷入破产 , 然后主导市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常在使用git时 , 您可以假设您的存储库是位于内核 。 org的小位置 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电话、电话、保险和电缆账单自动撤离我们每月的帐户 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图改变和废除中国不平等的条约 , 限制和取消西方权力的特权 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我把太阳的光线用燃烧玻璃 , 即使在冬天最寒冷的时候 , 我就可以轻松地打火 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应采取适当的政策来确保这些西方企业在技术创新中的领先地位 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	所以 , 如果上帝看见了我们 , 那么我们也应该从耶稣中看到自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但是 , 对于一个广泛的领域 , 不同的意味着颜色和姿势和多样性体现了统一和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性产业和非wowoven袋关闭经济关系 , 它的非wowog袋对产业发展的巨大影响 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本文总结了今年我国鲁徐的研究特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	营营的第一条规则是保持一个清洁的营地 , 你不能留下任何东西 , 熊可能会认为是食物 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	这使得在一个城镇或湖下 , 不能垂直地到达油存储的可能 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报告网络外部性是imcl的重要影响因素之一 , 并证明了网络外部性 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全紧密 , 因为新恐怖主义威胁 , 街道被关闭 , 警察走路 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为 , 在政治上看到一个动态女人 , " 34岁的riokookookamoto说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	法国航空工业将于2012年在巴黎附近的黎堡机场安装改进 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体将 " 本山文化 " 作为一个新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因为高美元的利率往往会引起美元的欣赏 , 他们可能会使贸易赤字更大 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	广泛应用于广播电子管、电视、许多其他现代设备 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在海内河镇 , 生活的过程完全受到潮流的温柔流动 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	6月 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪手在奢华大陆酒店发起了死亡的袭击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果物体确实是飞行酱油 , 就可以恢复它可能是数百万美元或数十亿美元 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动与其电荷相关 , 平均尺寸的碎片大小 , 由于它的扭曲和弯曲通过凝胶 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	用hplc分析了我国紫外线紫外线植物中磷酸含量 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	托马斯先生正在打电话 , 请等几分钟 。 你喜欢一些咖啡还是茶 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两到三个创始人说 , 每个人都拥有x量的新科 , 并分配所有的ipip与新科有关 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过欣赏和分析一些组成 , 我们可以在中国现代油画的现状上合理地池塘 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	一般的讲座叫他们的特点 , 说: " 你们 , 法国人 , 穿着别人的统一吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	研究了利用光学检测方法对b/kno3引起的激光注射特性的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	认识到了全移植和xen移植的高精度拒绝板的贡献 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 只有在日落峰值记录 ; 当地公园内的地方是在保护下的国家公园 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子的歌曲在孩子的教育中起着重要作用 , 不由其它形式的诗歌替代 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	一个生命的图片 ! 正如图片描述 , 有很多事情或希望男人必须承担或寻找 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	这份报告还预计 , 中东继续不稳定 , 可能会继续推进春天的价格 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另一个因素:公司在后端建立的公司 , 以便用所谓的云计算 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	基于运输统计学的发展趋势 , 提出了 " 运输账户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	学生不仅是学生 , 还是老师都被王磊青承认的新闻激励到青华大学 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准计划和基金未来的倡议 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	建立了基于预计分散规律的损伤模型 , 建立了armourpiering机械的原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 槽 " 系统给您几个选择 , 可以将装饰物放在表面上 , 比如表面和衣服上 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的carle塔将由五个混合用户从一个圆形的体育馆中摆出来 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可能会回忆到2006年 , 北京峰会在中国非合作论坛上举行 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会与美国法官讲一对话 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意在左侧形成内囊肿清除 , 与周围周围的细胞相邻 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、红细胞变形指数、纤维素和plt均降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的coreoslinux用户可以利用云平台来达到世界上最大的市场之一 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在服装行业中应用 , 服装mtm快速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据收集将被严格的信心处理 , 只用来接收和其他通信 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个笔头都与两个帽子分开匹配 , 液体管在笔记本上安装 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从上述结果证明 , 该方法在预测mch人力供应的基础上是实用的和有效的 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何从经历经验的巧克艺术家开始在这个自由切割课程中进行修改 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛还宣布辞职克拉拉·王 , 其高级副总裁在中国人力资源 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于它的小气候 , 格雷兹是一城市 , 几乎是中海风味 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	你喷嚏 , 因为你在你的内部都有这些胚胎 , 你的身体想要把胚胎弄出来 , 所以你会喷嚏 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这对于在开发人员之间共享的地图 , 添加额外的信息 , 尤其是如果开发人员之间的地图 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某种程度上融入你的网站 , 即使它只是在头部图像或作为声音颜色中 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另一个现实是 , 如果美国不能扩大出口 , 压力将会增加进口 , 相反 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全 , 不要触摸产品 , 测试电缆 , 或任何其他仪器 , 电源在测试下应用 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	许多buffet的智慧从这个投资特征中消除:当你不知道什么时候 , 不要做任何事情 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己受伤 , 白人带上罗杰的药物问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	这个技巧是不断的自我评价和自我改善他们的生产力 , 同时也改善了他们的工作方式 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们肯定欢迎o项目满足不同客户的需求 , 保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一份报道说: " 托尼是非常愉快的 , 友好的 , " 一份报告说 , " 他在医院的拘留是预防他的病情的决定 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 伦敦只有几十个武装机器 , 但到了1990年代 , 有超过一百倍 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们还在第二次世界大战结束展示了我 , 这是一张航空照片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在早上训练的一组志愿者 , 晚上没有睡觉 , 没有睡觉 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国朋友对他们的努力有特别关注 , 阻止暴力 , 与困难的青少年工作 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布您的web内容的阻碍版本 , 并为自己保持原始的源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克 , 卡特里娜和华尔街崩溃的战争是雷根时代的三个钉子 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	第一次获得了一次大笑 , 然而热情在第一次听证之后 , 第一次听到了 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	从那个肮脏堆底部恢复出来 , 能看到光 , 还能看到光 , 还在好状态 , 这是这样的救援 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我的父亲是中心 , 我的母亲正向前 , 我的姐姐正向前 , 我的妻子是正确的守卫 , 我的兄弟正向前 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	很好的回顾 , 看我们共同做的事情 , 意识到我们是一个不平等的故事 , 正在开始 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	愤怒的是 , 奥巴伦把速度飞上山 , 向多克乌的维拉 , 最大速度 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容 , 可以实现国家规范 , 所有指标都是我们的要求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨已经组成了一个国际联盟政府 , 并声称新选举将在未来几个月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	战时纪念来回来 , 所以通常70周年的雷宁拉德可能看起来不明显 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	如果你在三个人中超过三个 , 那么祝贺你 , 你已经成为一个行的学习女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	比安 , 把火烧在地狱里 , 你在一个无法公平的地方 , 很快就挖掘了水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	位于哈特福德南部的一个小型社区20英里的南部 , 是康涅狄尔中场的一部分 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将再次成为星期五 , 但这将是九点钟 , 他会在这里 , 所以我认为这里会是很多乐趣 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们不确定在常规木粒的地方 , 所以这是纯粹主观的 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反思是指法律建设的新建可以应用于过去事件和行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢下来 , 考虑你的注意力 , 你会同意在浏览网络时回答电子邮件 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数抗议者都说是在首都mbane , 并且不能去曼子尼 , 45分钟的驱动 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上在剧场上花了 , 这个球场告诉了一座水电坝的胜利大象的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢使用这个战术在低键的情况下 , 比如杂货店、咖啡店、书店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	随着一小山告诉记者 , 他每天早上5点起床 , 第一件事是帮助母亲理解厕所 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 在内部国家拥有强烈的存在 , 与当地卫生官员工作肩膀 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	阿杜:那部电影在帽子里的猫甚至显示了我们的立法者在电视上战斗 。
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	这些cnv删除的数量有很大的变化 , 有些人拥有数百万的基因组 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	租赁局说: " 生活成本低 , 德克萨姆大 , 巴切尔人肯定在这个城市找到爱 ! "
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	权力观点表明 , 开放性是资源集成器的一个重要质量 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	在制冷器中 , 应该存储在粉末状态中 , 保护防止曝光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	半漂浮层燃烧器提供了风吹煤装置和煤颗粒筛选装置 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fgets、fgets、fgets、fscanf和flose函数也返回错误的错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳态的视觉成像部分 , 一个稳态的视觉信息处理部分和电机驱动部分 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流量分析在指导代谢工程中起着重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 需要的近似类型 , 仿真一个火灾恢复 , 过去的计算中是可吸引的 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	在这个数据库中显示了所有列表的列表 , 这些列表都有独特的单柱索引 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地球物理学家都知道 , 地球物理学的确定差异是地球物理学中的一个广泛应用 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约新闻报道称 , 周二 , 纽约市盈利的迹象导致股市早期收益 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定国有股权代表的工作计划 , 为国家拥有和联合托克公司的工作计划 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:4例胫骨猪成功从淋巴细胞中克隆 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种跟踪修正床 , 后面有可倾斜的前一部分 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	其他所有的牛皮皮皮革 , 没有头发 , 单位表面区不超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一条跑道的河 , 我们正在等待peww.q3721.comople 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈工作室提供特别的第一次提升 , 允许新娘在10美元下采取课程 , 有时免费 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的探讨厚过滤皮移植的神经损伤表面的感觉恢复 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前 , 矿业企业的有效税率低于非矿业企业的1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数种社会昆虫中 , 比如白蜂、蜜蜂和蚂蚁 , 雌性规则 。 女性是工人 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	通过仿真和实验研究了低压系统短路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	在将接触插入表之后 , 数据库返回了行id列的id值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义 , 每个都有自己独特的创造性思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	结果表明 , 夏季和冬季提到的方法 , 利用能量消耗降低 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论无抗性r.flavipectus试验 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	孟年女士开始了一个关键问题 , " 他做了一批制造商做很多并且很大程度 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆·威特维基:先生...让我向朋友介绍你:最好的原因 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	元县北部位置 , 台杭山顶部 , 是一个温度的大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在例外情况下 , 可以允许客户重新启用或修改相关的指令秩序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常情况 , 和宏观之间 , 极薄的保护组织 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	拥有各种设计方式的专业设计师 , 创造多年的建筑团队经验 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 对于兰巴达斯的真正优势是当你在飞行上创建功能并没有变量参考 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人们 , 老朋友和亲戚免费搜索工具的人 , 包括411页 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这种设计 , 双臂椅风格的变化 , 就像轻松的一样 , 法国短暂生活 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 如果你本周改造了100磅 , 那么下周你应该试着做105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	嗯 , 古代人民之间的宇宙概念是你所熟悉的 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	本产品具有较高的产量和质量化的优点 , 可离开普通铅生产的离散过程 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论改善非典型脑膜瘤ct诊断精度的关键是定位肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有的工具都是手上 , 现在正在修订 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法求解非线性测量函数的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	印度是建设大型煤炭电站的公司 , 是主要气候污染物 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你覆盖了感染 , 请查看meller的方法 , 我最后一次提到了我最后提到的方法 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农民种植了他从市场买的种子 , 秋天来了 , 没有收割 , 因为种子是假的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	该公司总体收益率从今年的季度增长到36.3% , 增长到34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	186例肝移植患者中 , 4例发育的肺炎 , 属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	" 作为父母的意思是成熟足以帮助孩子适应失望 , " achenbach说 。
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外界事件从贷款完成one过程的监测模型发送到高级监测模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天的日本规则比韩国的日本规则更加严重 , 它的姐妹意味着 , 更多的三个差异 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的纪念仪式与周和卢的祭祀时间相差 , 位置 , 提供 , 等 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至通知 , 烟雾吸烟可能不仅是吸烟者 , 而且还是吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结山安教授方教授在胸腔梗阻的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	无人发现 , 无人可以作为阻抗性匹配的特殊雷达吸收器 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了太阳能热单元用于铝合金支持的电泳涂层过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效果和其他温暖的饮料 , 比如茶或可乐 , 可以提高你的精神 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨心电图特征及二次异常j波的临床和心电图特征 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:研究了米拉比利斯jalapa和althaea玫瑰的萌发特性 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多刀垂直切割机的应用范围和结构范围 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆柱容器具有广泛的口袋 , 容易填充和方便的访问内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	千年和百年级的快速气候变化是古气候学研究的重要方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	这是一种常见的问题 , 应用len和识别范围在公安机关中过度广泛 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国最后在一座遥远的西北城市发生了一个四分之一的封锁 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这一问题 , 我们通过单个hscs进行一系列组织重构研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	随着眼睛健康公司 , 巴士和伦布专注于完善世界各地消费者的视觉和提高生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助制药企业顾客解决问题 , 人类健康追求是我们的理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街头骨架和建筑骨架的新方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	另一端是苏明 , 他来自北京一所大学农民和研究的家庭 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大公司已经开始雇佣西方人 , 在最好的美国和欧洲设施中长期经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到世界的真理 , 以确认佛教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为了实现控制算法 , 本文利用plc , 设计了pid控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	几天的爆发被宣布为伊达达的宗教节日 , 开始于17年1月17日 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以在我们的网站上提交自己的想法或评论 , 或者你可以发送一封信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个人彼此增长更舒适 , 你会看到更多的头部倾斜 , 因此更加暴露颈部 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	其他青年党在支持的支持下享受了一份记录 , 因为选民把他们的传统指控抛弃 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论单氧化碳中毒复杂的高基础疗法是较高的治愈率和变形率 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一名球员 , 丹佛nuggets教练乔治·卡尔被抓住 , 一个仪式他在他的球队上过去 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼被加入omega3和蛋白质 , 但它们还包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我的骄傲 , 或者对那些人来说 , 我的感情开始誓言和生长 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了使用清单1中示的xslt任务生成的一个检查样式报告的示例 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	新泽西中部的一个社区 , 新布朗斯威克的一个郊区 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	该方法可以克服单评价方法的局限性 , 满足单评价的要求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升 , 温暖的空气形成明显的防空云 , 可见于卫星和模型图像 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	瓶子里有一个差异 , 它是一个专门的小型版本 , 它可以帮助您执行专注的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	附近的muttrah拥有一个充满魅力的中海风格的中海风格的水面 , 现在的海滨主要是由ruiseliners使用 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持此 , 给出了命令vmdeploymgr.sh的三个选项 , 它是vdm的主要应用 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	虽然大多数证券都是标记的市场 , 但这个新加坡仍然允许证券在历史成本上进行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想让国家公务员的财产透明 , 我们应该建立并消费系统 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始利用bbbs论坛作为他们的工具获得消息和通信 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子都花了很好的意愿 , 她的夜间争论直到她的声音成长 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你坐在一块小块的前面 , 周期列表不一样 , 只要不停地骑着刹车 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	布朗克斯动物园是不可思议的 , 幻想的 , 非常有领域的 , 带着如此多的看法和做的动物园 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是 , 为什么想让交叉技术混合ui组件吗 ? 韦恩解释了一些使用cass的用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 基于jw1h1h医院信息系统 , 设计并开发了军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	fra和nfma都强化发展中国家的能力 , 以管理他们的森林信息基地 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对较小规模的化学物质从美国铜矿中运行并污染 , 证明了科罗拉多的灾难 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	本周四 , 上海乘客和其他41名乘客到达墨西哥 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果需要精度的tc , 必须采取最内部的区域效应 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一种重型工业 , 高楼煤炭环氧涂层用于浸渍服务中钢和混凝土的保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	民法制度的 " 文化 " 是从自由资本主义转变到单独资本主义 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	所有这些位置或风格都在工作的细用户 , 可以找到不会破坏或错误的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	检查了肝重、体重、tg、tg、tc、hdlc、ldlc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已经达到世界标准 。 " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	耶稣问他们 , " 哪个法律上有法律:做好 , 或者做恶魔 , 拯救生命或杀死 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一个19岁的工人马湘建的身体被发现在他的高层门前 , 4点30分之间 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你也许还记得 , 媒体称之为 " 附近的马戈戈先生 " 和 " 哈勃 " 的麻烦 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但在爱丁堡大学毕业后 , 他对自然历史产生了更多的兴趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	我的青少年参与了如此多的活动:学校、婴儿坐、教堂、体育场 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	这里有人说:这里的选举离开了另一个尺寸的选举 , 这可能是字符或是什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	研究结果显示 , 提高了解体重、体肥和疾病之间的关系的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户保持自己的网站朋友列表 , 并且看看其他朋友添加了谁 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政客们谈论工资平等 , 但我父亲在整个职业生涯中做了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 中国三英寸的黄金莲和西部的珊瑚也有这样的美丽时尚 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果在意大利销售iphone 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 这个概念是用你不能得到的东西来存储你的裤子 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维克·弗莱斯切尔的基本前提 , 承担利益是管理其他人民资金的费用 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的战斗实验中 , 得到直接闪光技术能够满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	两间客房里有1500w独立的墙型空调 , 可以调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个逮捕的图像 , 绘制出了一个令人惊讶的想法 , 让我们欣赏的眼睛和覆盖的线条 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 , 请不要期待完美的 , 每当我做床的时候 , 画一张照片或扔球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	在过去的五年里 , 慢性发现 , 他们的中度增加 , 通货膨胀调整 , 是19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法采用改性的trapelisa检测2780细胞的端粒酶活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做许多选择 , 但如果你想要做什么 , 咨询ocapri项目wiki页面 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一名新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我将尽快与这个团队合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	艾米莉·迪金森住在一个名叫 " 家庭 " 的优雅家庭里 , 她的姐姐拉文尼亚 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我整个晚上呆了起来 , 挥着一台硬板 , 让蚊子从接近她 , 就像一个卫兵一样 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始思考这些问题在你在冥想中做什么时候 , 他们甚至使它更稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	但实践中 , 我们看到政府官员属于最为犯罪和 " 法律 " 的专业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书 。 我们离开时间了 ! 你必须给钱包装置提取 , 从城里提取了它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们已经建立了一系列港口 , 每个港口都是独特的目的 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇见了她的未来丈夫陈纳尔 , 他是中国主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	它需要那些没有目标的的人 , 除了目标在移动 , 为了运动 , 才能进行功能 , 才能前进 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这实际上我认为从希腊语中产生了 " synkope " , synkope , synkope , synkope 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的影响是城市收入的侵蚀 , 作为这样的税收的财产价值基础继续缩短 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在 , m1也许是摩托加普最好的自行车 , 雅马哈有很大的骑手 , 所以看起来似乎不需要我 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的喜悦 , 他带来了我的生活 , 因为每个梦想都是真的 , 因为我在他中找到的所有爱 , 我永远会感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑蚁获得了几年的工作经验 , 与标准合作 , 设计专业和完善的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑大机理远程测试的相同特性 , 该系统可用于其它大型机理测试过程中 , 找到正确的应用 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最受欢迎的厨房应用程序之一 , 其中有28 , 000个厨房从戈尔米特和博恩酒店的饮料 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	全球经济增长缓慢 , 在19年前的26个国家 , 报告了四月份数据的26个国家 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统主义者把手带到 " 价值 " 和 " 货币化 " 的整个行业 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	如果他们在这里做了一个转移rna分子 , 他们只能在另一端放入leucine 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水饱和赤字、自由水、边界水和细胞sap浓度都与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要的攻击 , 一个在四角洲和其他地方 , 死亡了超过100人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	花色差异与总黄酮含量的差异没有明显的法律 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	在大风格上 , 1996年的年度报告是由espresso地面创造的 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家的路 , 我很容易 , 穿着沙子 , 带着我的心 , " 流行 , " 唱它的歌 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 我今晚不会喝酒 , 因为我是指定的司机 , 只是给我的酒杯指定的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 提出了类似多硅烷的研究困难 , 并提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	本文介绍了 " 海关301船 " 的全尺度测试结果 , 以及无流量坦克或海关的情况 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 中国还有其他火山站点 , 比如mtetna和火山 , 这可能适合研究人员的模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	熊猫立即送出最好的沙普郡、橡胶和钻石的订单 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会有压力 , 并允许自己的一些娱乐活动 , 比如电影和约会 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友圈中 , 工作选择是最可能从政府中提高投票的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人已经达成共识 , 坚持联合发展的总体方向 , 加快咨询 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是一个坏消息 , 阿珍·罗本和乔治·科尔 , 我努力看看他们如何在团队获得一个常规的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在一个家庭设施安全 , 水 , 享受舒适的纯水 , 下午4点钟 , 因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 玉明石对理想世界的纯粹性研究 , 在一梦中 , 红楼的梦想保持少量水 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除 , 或者制造 , 通过消除单点失败 , 来消除计划和解决下降的 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能会持续恢复 , 因为左臂仍然固定 , 左手腕flexesto启动拉 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨高氧诱导慢性肺炎患者血管紧张素i型受体的表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册查找表清新操作的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	本合同的任何修正应当被买方和卖方签署的任何修正 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	高速计算中心是空间科学研究所提供的高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	经过1960年10月的许可证科学程度后 , 我进入了我们的isson实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	gpo的目录是一个可搜索的联邦出版数据库 , 链接到网上可用的数据库 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	2006年到2010年之间 , 美国p图片并没有获得一个专利 , 每个中国的五家公司从10家公司中获得的专利 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管预计 , 赵伟也强调 , 表演工作没有办法限制休息 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈伊克和罗宾斯强调 , 关键于私人水果的怀疑主义是短期观察的 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是全国最大的关注 , 重视欧洲和运动的重要影响 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由其大小约束 , 病毒使用重叠的阅读框架来生成蛋白质的完整补充 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二维是 , 你需要更多的财政刺激 , 在那些可以提供的国家 , 这就是前载的 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁 , 用柠檬汁洗脸 , 你也可以用柠檬汁洗去柠檬汁 , 然后在白天就可以把它们抽出来 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:改善和发展三阳的综合分化 , 探讨三阳的经典治疗经典 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	室内的选择不会造成一些可燃烧和爆炸的物质 , 室内绝对避免防火工作 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	扩展功能可以自动定位所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 用于监测和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内 , 我们的客户包括宝钢、手工钢、任何钢、唐钢、江钢集团等大型铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘书服务预计 , 每年印刷了1亿美元的反馈美元 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	老师的专业道德从历史和实践两个方面出发 , 是道兴志的专业思想 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文应用自组织竞争神经网络在异步电机识别参数中应用 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立高效液相色谱法 , 建立高效液相色谱法和高效液相色谱法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防御建立的可能 , 人们知道中国已经破坏了f17的秘密 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近一项调查 , 大约78.9%的大学生希望在毕业后进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼经常被描述为人类邪恶的骚扰 , 被认为是穆塔罗的一半的司法 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	采用光敏聚合物 , 实现了高孔比 , 用光敏聚合物进行重叠 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的财务状况尤其糟糕 , 半数人说他们有那么多的学生债务 , 他们不能拯救 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 查理的天使 , 爱船 , 王朝 , 永远希望90210和梅尔罗斯的地方 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	联合国艾滋病/艾滋病项目已经建立了一项委员会 , 研究了亚洲疾病和太平洋发展的影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	作为罗森布莱特笔记 , 黑人写作的批评经常被当作黑人历史暴露的一个前提 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	你应该提醒 , 除非你给予正确和完成的信息 , 否则你将会出席任何关于这个会议的显示事件 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的大型工程师托马斯·塞克尔本周第一次飞行 , 这个机器持续了30秒钟 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	我的浅色知识 , 缺乏实践经验 , 希望读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	这个时刻 , 对于我来说 , 地球的心是这个无睡的春夜 , 今天早晨在悲惨的冥想中希望 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 移民不应该那么残酷 , " 一位绝望的父母说 , " 他们对我们来说 , "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了来自studio的影片目录的动画特征 , 并有一个手机的动画工作室展示 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰 , 约三分之一的路或中间公路 , 还有火焰分离出来的火焰 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	夜晚 , 静静地进入西方 , 忽视地球的细微 , 或是 , 多少阴影的霍尔在想象边缘 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她在她右边闪着银色的时候 , 就像马的第一个本能是逃离危险的 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于二次结晶的发生 , 由于二次结晶的发生 , 横向轧板可以产生相对完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx之间的数据源记录和数据源的字段数据成员之间移动数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	结合氮供应和氮要求的平衡 , 使水稻产量稳定 , 高 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 每个职位都带着一个新的女王蜜蜂 , 然后 , 看看巢内的数字几乎没有蜂蜜 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开营 , 他的船员重建一条路或一条漂亮的桥梁 , 吉尔伯特等着回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	证明了采用多样性热处理是实现相关转子锻件位置的一种新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷和吸引力的颜色可以升级药品包装 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自从那以来 , 父亲已经荣誉 , 并在六月份在全国的第三个星期日被家庭认可 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	我们为什么很多人都把自己放在桌前 , 用微波的饭后 , 累累了一天 ? 因为这是很方便吗 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是简单的包装结构的平原文本 , 许多通道可以交换json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	紧急汽车的司机和参与者 , 无法放弃他们的职位 , 死于他们停止给援助和援助的地方 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	kevinrud昨晚与澳大利亚选民一起进行一场比赛 , 向他们走向前进 , 忘记了澳大利亚的新未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了黄油化的反应机制及反应产品利用现状 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看 , 我们的野花就像花园里的任何东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这幅著名的画是澳大利亚2008年发现的数千人之一 , 在澳大利亚的文档岩石艺术 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生活时间短...每个人都有享受生活的权利 , 享受美好的东西 , 包括这个小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	有效的支付款红酒 , 红酒 , 官方网站 , 薪水汤 , 酒 , 薪水汤 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 绍兴鸭年龄和饮食cp水平明显影响了cp保留率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城市周围的新风俗收藏显示很多文件夹ol , 但也有实际的事情 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音乐、轻、音乐、技术展览于5月至6月举行 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 可推导出 , 在电影生长过程中 , 帕尼电影的dping水平增加 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与对照组相比 , 颈动脉和颈动脉的imt和颈动脉的区域显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	本文总结了vsam文件的结构 , 以及vsam的数据空间、目录、保护数据和功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法用308例nm激光器治疗358例稳定性vitiligo患者的358例病变 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	第二代农民工的平滑发展提出了相关建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些更喜欢的机构服务 , 享受较短的距离、更低的成本和管理或政府监督的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡储层地区岩石的物理和力学特性进行了评估 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署的机器接近最小磁盘或ram需求 , 那么它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法将患者分为不同组 , 随后所有患者的肾色多普勒能量成像检查 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃在没有情绪到李俊凯微笑 , 总是用刘乾慧的性感场景擦出醉酒 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 在怀孕期间 , 继续有效的抗抑郁药物含有60%或更多的复发风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果动物研究中 , 肺炎可以抑制大肠杆菌的生长 , 杆菌肠杆菌 , 杆菌菌的生长 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当建筑物时 , 它们通常是贫困的泥泞或不幸存下雨季的结构 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转折点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示了未控制移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	同时提出了一种基于cpld的基于通用的基于cpld控制器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一个刑事诉讼指控莫拉西亚在她的时候 , 她的时候 , 作为银行员工 , 将大量资金转向福尔戈 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他民事服务人员通常参与不到每年积累的12天的离职培训 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化活性炭脱臭装置 , 纯化污水泵站的气体 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonames地理数据库可在创建性共同属性许可证下载免费下载的地理数据库 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	在历史上 , 米斯托利也被称为 " 金买 " 的几个不同的传奇与其开始和其意义相关 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种低压装置的粒子扫描优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这听起来不对 。 " 最后 , 瓦斯告诉我我 , 我遭受ptsd的伤后压力障碍 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺院里 , 他发现男人卖牛、羊和狗 , 还有其他人坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	摩擦的vbe带等效系数表明 , v带的承载能力比平面带高 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	同时 , 儿童通常每晚都有夜间恐怖 , 通常有时在睡觉后第一小时内 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算出每年的每年的增加成本 , 用于所有可靠的个体和高风险个体 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可能使用基于gui的管理工具来修改基于特定环境的容器 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可证是一种营养的草药 , 证明许可证正在推迟phlegm和逮捕咳嗽 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo顾问流程外包服务提供了一部分或全面化的各种服务 , 为客户在招聘期间进行招聘 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去五十年来 , 转移民族主义已成为文学知识分子的常见现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	用碘作为催化剂 , 合成了甲醛和甘油的丁醛甘油 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文研究了基于游戏的界面自动化、时界面自动化、资源界面和基于游戏的思想 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	创伤事件 , 比如9/11恐怖分子攻击 , 也往往成为孩子的记忆中搜索的 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 星的半光学研究的起始是多维学术和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏人物会在实现教学对象和教学任务方面发挥重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这将是由自由民主党引入的改革 , 使日本长期的经济复苏 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	世界上先进的液态氮卡车已应用于油气生产中 , 并在1994年进口了良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我的奇怪的添加特征是那些像婴儿 , 收集死亡事物 , 以及在漂亮的洗澡 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯·沃布顿说 , 该计划显示 , 成员们在发展可持续的食品生产方面取得了重要作用 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	路透再次拯救了埃瓦桑 , 周围的医生和他的吉拉丁形式 , 从城堡墙上下降 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在 , 我们还可以检索我们的网格工作的部分是我们自己的 , 只有能量 , 才能恢复洞穴和空间 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于某些人来说 , 在烹饪和肥皂中 , 路到整个谷物 , 偶尔是素食主义生活开始 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgf加斯晶体生长过程中多晶体的 " 界面效应 " 及其发生情况 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留电话号码 , 包括区域代码 , 当他们从州搬到州时 , 所以很难知道他们在哪里 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法对11例运动阶段进行研究 , 采用天鹅甘油催化法进行血液动态监测 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本文的目的是 , 尽管本论文建立的研究模式仍然不足 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	业务首先 , 正如国王理查德所说 , 当他在塔子里的另一个王时 , 在他吸烟了孩子 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	多孔硅及其制备技术在微传感器领域广泛应用于微型传感器的特殊领域 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来 , 如果安全设备在这场活动中出现 , 就像今天晚上利物浦失败的那样 , 没有什么都会保护他们 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像来自mesenger , 美国宇航局发现了任务 , 以实现最主要的行星内部的第一个轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我的前老师告诉我 , 作为英语主要的课程 , 我应该读大芭芭芭拉 , 其中一个主要的演奏之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	展览馆的顾问jeromesan说 , 刘的工作显示了一个现代化的中国人民左后面的现代化现实 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三宝 , 他将他的路回到天堂 , 当他走出珍珠的门外 , 他决定检查他的纪念品 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸脸颊 , 嘴唇 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 腿部 , 腿部 , 感觉他们的伴侣沿着背部 , 大腿或胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	通过区域气候模型 , 研究了我国干旱区土地利用和土地覆盖变化的区域气候响应 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	通过筛选蛋白的生物功能 , 其中筛选蛋白p是一个特殊的异构形 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , chci3和ccl4的浓度比来源水更高 , 特别是ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	同样 , 应该有几个大爆炸场景 , 可以提供动作和破坏的时刻 , 所以可能是有趣的和直接的 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在达到山顶 , 将在一次转会后下楼 , 公共汽车的右侧面临着一个不可信的悬崖 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想要公平的员工 , " 希拉斯博格的超级代表玛丽·埃伦解释说 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍相关或非相关设施如评论位置、观察者座位、相机位等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	科学传播者已经被全球范围广泛应用于涉及科学进展决策的公共决策 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦领导了72%的人民报道 , 他们正在兴奋 , 而美国在12月12日出现 , 占59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨了这些考虑并讨论了空气或冷却系统如何能帮助您优化您的mig或tig焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	其中存在一些差异 , 温度化与过度相比 , 但它们丰富 , 共同发展文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖于1963年开始了视觉效应类别 , 但当时它被称为 " 特殊效应 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入海豹理查德在全球范围内搜索最终武器的野生骑行上 " 马克 " 机器 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸 , 看起来他一直在等着电话 , 然后拿起来 , 给我一个地址很有效 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	把重损伤交给你的目标超过9秒 , 大大减少了他们的装甲 , 只有从侧或后面使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的马拉里控制部门 , 与国际研究团队一起工作 , 一直在监测这个干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部部部署 , 以及它的自我管理 , 自治能力最小化人类干预的需要 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pdports已经提交了计划在tesport中开发一个美国10200万美元的进口中心 , 用于使用一个主要的英国零售商 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 潮湿 , 无点小 , 冷冻的王子 , 蓝神经柜 , 舞大三角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地配置法使农民更容易从大型公共领域购买未开发的土地 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在回答一个模式中 , 您可以设置预定义的数字 , 并选择电话应该自动答案的环数 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	全球800多个地方大约有2000名员工提供科技、系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	下次你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能从物理出生之前从哪里找出来 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	据分析师说 , 中国简而言 , 中国将将将其行业融合成像布隆伯格、时代华纳和维亚com一样的公司 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果rac节点停止工作 , oracle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到oraclerac清理和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	过去 , 一个发展中国家倾向于被视为一个缺乏接入现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdgpet延迟图像在腹部恶性肿瘤诊断中的应用价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	分析了夏季马洛多污染的特点 , 提出了相应的操作措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:采用彩色对比法测定复合物的方法 , 用药物酸和柏林水氯化物进行综合测定 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	李永永永作为四川人民国会代表的职责 , 由于怀疑贿赂 , 因此 , 四川人民会议员的责任被减轻 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	此次的话 , 早些时候从政治顾问中提议 , 呼吁政府放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	白领的原因是他们在职业生涯中追求工作成绩的原因 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 所有的地震发生了 , 我认为 , 这是卡尔玛 ? 当你不太好时 , 坏事情发生在你身上 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当编译时 , 这个集体知识使软件模式和分类为反模式 , 使得具有价值的扩展 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文总结了磁聚合物微球近年来的成果和应用情况 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象相似的粉尘柱点向热蓝色的恒星 , 是它们的侵蚀效果的标志 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但非常老的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果运输员应该使用p.o.box地址 , 接收者必须在标签上包含电话号码 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要的一种研究 , 为了确定我们真正需要多久的时间来继续抗板治疗 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论什么原因 , 我往往认为他是一个低文件 " 内部 " , 但他的出版历史相信这张图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉前一场比赛的目标是国家体育队 , 这次他对英格兰进行比赛 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿子的父母是很合理的 , 让一个最老的儿子立即安排工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能量中心位于人类神经系统的主要分支 , 从脊柱到头顶 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	在决定一个特定的业务动机发言人决定规则和指导你的团队时 , 你必须相信你的本能 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	一个新的连接网站的初始版本 , 临床和翻译科学网站将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破裂是影响粗粒材料湿变形的一个重要因素 , 更远的研究是必要的 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了三维扫描的工作原理 , 结构化的光学扫描仪和系统标准 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织已发送检查人员到格兰贾斯·卡罗尔农场 , 调查结果尚未公布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名签名权有个人权的属性 , 涉及地位权和个性权利 , 财产权和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文是一种研究其物理、化学、生物学、生物学特性及免疫化学检测方法的研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	马克拉瑟将军描述为 " 太平洋胜利最强的贡献因素之一 " 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	但小组结论 , 当碎片在冲击后 , 这些异常是由岩浆组成的 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	同样 , 必须是坟墓 , 不要双重猜测 , 不要给许多酒 , 不要贪婪的过滤灯具 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva-17999的两个大小混合物 , 并分析了解决方案系统的稳定性 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	前浓缩汁为多效蒸发器提供了一种多效蒸发器 , 它消除了第二部分水形成集中 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	1974年夏天 , 宋代古代的宋代被挖掘在福建的泉州湾泉州湾 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	要说旅行是奢侈品 , 并不必要-化石燃料产生是过度简化的 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这在垂直位置.149.9 , 但我认为我测量的不确定性可能是1毫米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文分析了农业研究机构内部会计控制的现状 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃在日常环境中显示化学插入 , 并不与生活事物反应 , 因此它具有广阔的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	第一步合成方胺 , 七步合成 , 总产量超过14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果在大学注册人员也在做课程 , 他或她可能会扮演学生和注册员的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	运移结果表明 , 该方法在高成像精度上具有较高的成像精度 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农产品的充分供应 , 并通过多渠道来增加农民收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解外肺结核的细菌培养、细菌类型及药敏度 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	通过对整个结构的主要因素进行了分析 , 使整个结构简化 , 可视化和视觉化 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其他原油或合成杀虫剂时 , 某些基本油的协同性 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏的元素可以稍后改善渲染 , 使你更容易跟随 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	本例给出了相似的 , 高斯统一r.v的信心水平和不确定限制 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	钢管变形特性是在轧区内的变形集中在肩部和壁厚的变形特征 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 私营部门的历史尚未包括在历史书官方史上 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	二十一世纪是国民安全条件之一 , 是我国安全条件下的一部分 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨粉颗粒粒尺寸的影响 , 并对粒径的密度和粒度的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种固醇的耐药率相似 , 耐药率为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了隐形巡航导弹的隐形技术、目标特性和检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频彩色多普勒超声在肺动脉位置对儿童的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三个规则进行了数控复杂组件的数值控制 , 以及仿真过程 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨双维离子室阵列在加速器日常质量保证中的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育思想是教育环境中的一个研究模式或方法 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已成为一个常见的个人损伤事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们不愿意与一个生命长的性传播疾病或贫穷的卫生病人约会 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	利用基于p波粒子振动的坐标旋转 , 实现了不同深度的源组件 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热垫是数量化的 , 通常是不灵活的 , 不要从电源出发 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 庄子 " 是张州的战国时期 , 是道教的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他化合物或治疗浓度没有明显的吸引力或反应作用对女性成年人 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	显然 , 这位科学家称这家摄影公司 , 并订购了一个替换 " 缺陷 " 的电影 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来10天 , 我将在chq上做过时间 , 因为大量的客户订单 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他将要求国会增加援助巴基斯坦 , 但他返回巴基斯坦 , 希望巴基斯坦能够采取安全的哈恩斯坦 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期和智慧地使用 , 我可能从未有另一个寒冷、支气管炎、肺炎或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	也许 , 当他们袭击青少年时 , 可能会有一些背景 , 但至少他们还有大多数的生活都有类似的信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse让您自动生成hah代码和等于类的方法 , 这样你不必自行做 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	建筑师可以通过预先的应用程序或服务来实现的用例 , 并且使用例来构建或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们应该宁愿认识到我们的语言的猜测精神上升 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	由于微流比长期运行过程更好 , 如果可能的话 , 使用一个微流来实现代理流程 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 这种状态不会被人们所熟悉的角色作为一个特殊适应的典型耳朵的组成部分 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月111日 , 金正尔在广省新建的康吉农场检查 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	一项新的研究显示 , 红色彩色猴子将是最受到温暖的叶变化威胁的主要原因之一 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	激励参与你的游戏 , 正选择参与到你身边的东西 , 让你充分享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有很好的时间 , 你不应该问问问你在采访结束的采访者怎么做 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	美国零售主要沃尔玛规定 , 从2008年开始 , 全球各地的冷冻机将与led相关 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者指出 , 前景、随机化、安慰剂控制试验需要确认这一观察研究的发现 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你不知道我做的 , 因为我读了同样的书 , 听到同样的故事 , 我从来没有看过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p播放者几乎都做了银行的所有东西 , 市场产品 , 评估借款者 , 编写和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售的情况下 , 程序需要从建筑的一端到另一端的线性运动 , 作为一个设备移动人们 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	茶在唐代获得了唐代的原始 , 通过长江数千年来 , 中国西南地区的传播 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室的长一天之后 , 你可能会被倾向于站在你的新平台屏幕电视台前 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	在印度 , 8.6%的女孩在15岁至19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在内普尔 , 这个数字最高的10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事考试凯特的生命作为摄影师和配件买家 , 以及成为党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都能让你微笑 , 许多人都能哭 。 但是 , 有人真的很特别 , 让你微笑 , 眼睛里的泪水 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海军和狗处理师迈克·道克在采访时说: " 只要狗跟处理者一起 , 他爱生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	同时 , 他还在迪士尼 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑白短裤的弗兰克韦尼 , 约有一个男孩重新回到死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一位专家认为 , 几年来 , 美国已经在技术上投资 , 以使汽车更加有效 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	那些担心失去工作的人 , 让他们从饮料减少而减少风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	男人补充说: " 在中部的一个大型混凝土建筑上指出: " 他们有一个紧密的观察我们的运动 。
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	如果你必须释放一个单身的衣服 , 就会使用 , 你想做一个杜兰夫人吗 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	然而 , 当学生的困难比率下降时 , 他们的排名下降 , 清华22分 , 高达23分 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	提出了一种快速、准确预测弹性寿命的最小实验和成本的新方法 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	还要检查你的手机或pda-你从来不会错过一段时间 , 当你的计划在你的口袋里或追求时 , 你就不会错过 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏珊娜说 , 事实上 , 一月份 " 高雅克是全球第五大交通源地 。
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们只需要4000个朋友来自希腊 , 谁主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	相信透明度的人有内在的价值 , 或者它应该是正常的 , 最初可能会有很大的困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	当您需要将输入阵列分离成两个或多个基于输入数据的标准的小数组 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼工业平均指数上涨178.08点 , 或1.53% , 至11 , 836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	这是一个步骤 , 程序上来自大型模型 , 它至少需要一些产品要求的想法 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	用大豆壳加入适当的大豆粉或饮食纤维制成的高品质蒸汽面包 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	农业部长jeanbaptiste杜马斯 , 法国农业部长被控停止流行病 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	世界最大的零售商李斯科特说 , 世界上最大的沃尔玛老板李斯科特是为了改善他的供应链的巨大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	以色列继续在加沙周围的地面部队制备可能的地面攻击 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	游客去海滩 , 他们去拉缪岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫巴萨 , 他们坐着喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	sife是一个诱惑者 , 育种爱心 , 营养自信 , 产生很多年轻的小组可以做得很好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是理由的惩罚 , 毫无疑问 , 但有人必须认识出原因的惩罚 , 然后把一个帽子放到他身上 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更令人满意的是在冷轧后 , 质量改善 , 作为新客户的良好和用户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	用spitzer空间望远镜拍摄的图片 , 科学家首先从更近的星球和星系中删除了光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设定自己的目标 , 她会学到自己的骄傲 , 依赖于别人的批准或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥斯群岛在一片沙滩和一片积极的重要性作为供应储备 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这只鸟的其他名字是皇家鸽子 , 庆祝绿色皇家鸽子和绿色皇家鸽子 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持清洁 , 清楚 , 伪装 , 但确实关注于特定客户的利益 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	一个主要的经济理论 , 包括大规模现象 , 比如股市波动或国家产品 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活将自己从压力的活动中突破出来 , 这样你就像任何一个放松工具一样好 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	在上次我们看到的完全弹性碰撞中 , 我们失去了动力能量 , 这将转化为热量 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	还有 , 体育场可能在绿带购买一块土地 , 并且没有知识管理系统的知识 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们所称的 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它是基于拉丁、古罗马帝国的语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果正允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 并且在demo零售中显示的名称为12.99美元 , 并且在下面 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们一样行动的名人不想被摄影的是那些秘密的关注的缺点 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于防止多频测试eddy电流技术的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这在实例中创建一个匹配标签 , 并自动将字段绑定到这个字段 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	血清、肌肉和肝胰脏的活性仍然稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	但是 , 他是一名勇士 , 当他上升时 , 他的最后一次奥迪乌的嘴是灰色的设置 , 他的肩膀被挤出来 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝利吉姆派遣四架飞机和150名军事人员帮助利比亚没有飞行区 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色的黑鸟被视为战后 , 农民们在他们的领域 , 准备另一个季节 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	虽然周期试验 , 国家不能在不会损害整个人口的情况下进行这样的活动 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	时尚世界的一个品牌是微型的 , 它的服装和鞋子的发展趋势是巴塞罗那 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但是几天后 , 经历了一些类似的东西 , 当我独自触发了一个记忆 , 使我错过安迪 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 关于文本的研究一直是一个广泛的奖励 , 因为我们希望它将成为其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	结合两个方面 , 结合电子二次闭合的电子二次输送壳的必要条件和充分条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在电影中 , 他总是穿着假装 , 穿着穷人的衣服 , 经常用罐子走得很有趣 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国在坦克林无私地破坏了反叛 , 同时在世界大战后 , 一百万个越南人在一次世界大战中被捕 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	结果 , 您得到了两个并行连接器 , 一个为每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 然后一个返回 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准尺寸的衣服变成像莱弗科茨这样的男人时 , 最后的比例可以出错 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	路由每年各种不同 , 通过山脉、小镇和巴黎街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你已经在景观设计和城市设计实践了15年 , 你是否曾经在你的职业生涯中有任何挫折 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	来自雅拉谷的雅拉谷 , 美味的柑橘 , 蜜蜂和新鲜的杏仁味道 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子们盯着他开口 , 恐怖地吓了一分钟 , 然后盖斯: " 你没有收到我的电子邮件 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南说 , 三架飞机与凤凰飞机相似 , 在飞行前再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话复制是大多数大多数社会运动组织使用的有效的基础工具 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师已经知道设计更小 , 更轻的车辆是满足更紧密的燃油经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听众参议员25分在调查中 , 但他希望我们能保持我们跑步 , 就像我们背后一样 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里安补充道: " 他们知道他的脸 , 甚至十天后 , 呆在太阳里 , 他的脸没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过详细的数学推导 , 阐述了水平轴向与坑角之间的耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明她和丈夫占领了独立的房间 , 在本身上 , 震惊了足够的事情状态 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	高度禁止非经营者或非维修人员应进入模具袜子的安全保护铁路 , 以避免调查 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 一些发展中国家的纺织工业中醋酸纤维的发展和应用已相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本研究建立的烟草烟草烟草烟草类型的芳香指数模型精度为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用异氧烷诱导高血糖模型 , 观察了巴尔桑珍珠颗粒对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 利用教育建模语言对教育模型的学习内容和功能结构进行了抽象 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	详细介绍了基于地理学区域化变量和变量图的基础 , 详细阐述了kriging插值技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤接触 , 克罗顿油会造成突出和痛苦的皮肤灌溉 , 会持续三周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了两代并行运行系统的离散时间滑动模式控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	虽然更多的案例是由特定报告系统报告的 , 问题主要集中于延迟报告案例 , 因此 , 需要完善报告系统 。
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	超过500个救援机构正在海地运营 , 空中充满飞机发酵供应的供应 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	作为短期通信网络的理想传输介质 , 聚合物光纤具有很大的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国与新世界有几个展望 , 实际上发现了一个大量的新土地 , 半球南部的新地区 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	合金是近年来飞机建设的一种新型材料 , 是其弹性低模块的一种新型 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 它 " 实施工具解决不提供 " 排放 " 的规定和遵守环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的第十一年中 , 大卫的统治中 , 他们被发现在吉拉德的杰雷德的杰拉斯 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实践需求相比 , 双边业务合作具有巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验的主要原因允许吸收、集成和精神化的经验负段 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干鱼 , 干燥 , 干燥 , 壳 , 海卷 , 壳壳 , 虾 , 干燥的海蛇 , 糖和其他人 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	通过预制燃烧的方法 , 讨论了燃烧对内蒙古内蒙古人口的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷酸盐肥料在这种国家使用时 , 产量增加 , 但对农民和环境造成的高成本增加 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 用锅炉水浸泡颗粒 , 用传统的方法制备氨基达洛酰胺的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	只有 , 建立了桥梁纤维动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的断裂动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督徒离婚在上海发布了一张多媒体照片展览 , 展示了其女人离婚的手袋 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , 约旦的hm国王阿卜杜拉二世提出了一个战略 , 使约旦成为区域信息技术胡勃 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定要让自己更加壮观 , 对于一个人来说 , 就像不可解决的问题 , 可能是乐观的 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是simmel艺术思想中的一个重要类别 , 也是ail中美学重新推崇的表现 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	正如你所爱的那样 , 要确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦 , 痛苦不舒服 , 可以通过使用卢比来使彼此的原料工作 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会玩小歌 , 唱歌来赞美春天 , 这个人会给每个家庭带来一张牛的照片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	噢 , 队长贝勒 , 你不应该那么接近 。 如果你做的话 , 另一个舞蹈 , 我的声誉会永远失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的西班牙 , 黄帝的后代被正确自豪地骄傲了孔子的存在 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的殖民大小将适合一个寺庙或城市广场 , 是一个年轻的、青春、青春的男孩 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千个岛屿湖区ndvipatch梯度的景观指标反映了植物群落的现状 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更多有机肥料不仅能改善土壤聚合结构和基本特性 , 而且对水土耦合作用和土壤耦合作用也是很好的 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这独特的是 , 很容易干净的公式离开头发柔软 , 光滑而易于管理新鲜 , 轻脆的香味 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	佩德里托试图画他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的父母 , 所有的父母都在外面看 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮机的三维逆向设计方法 , 并根据泵的流动参数和革命 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	它现在包含了一个高端的高端波特 , 可能是beane先生对这些古董经销商的笑话 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新火车开始运行时 , 只需要一半小时 , 这只是一个小小时 。
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	溃疡化学技术建立在创新上 , 成功的关键在于继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , mscs在任何时候都在文化水平上表达了bdnf 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	在所有的香料中 , 沙子 , 塔加拉 , 蓝莲 , 蓝莲 , 玉米 , 美德的香味是最甜的香味 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家在多国公司的外国投资公司 , 属于钢铁集团 , 是澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernateshards文档 , 该属性非常昂贵 , 应该在生产环境中转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	起义冲击了罗马的荣誉团体 , 成为克里亚诺贝尔的名字 , 以及民事派遣的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:探讨钛铸件表面反应层的组成、结构和微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	代码工具性能和兼容性的数据超过了我们的超级英国桌面计量工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:总结了3501指数之间 , 35项涉及的包含标准 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多个尺寸或替代面部设计可以提供个体 , 以获得良好的适合和密封的额外选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本 , 城市员工中发现的数字是不包括没有工作的人 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne在现代英国没有存在 , 但英国南部海岸有一个小城镇 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同样 , 为了刺激经济 , 政府应该支持低利息贷款 , 这就是房屋、汽车、大型市场项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	重新启用geronimo将纠正错误 , 但是当数据库访问时 , 然后再生出异常 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝金萨 , 打护士 , 声明: " 在多尔特雷德的袭击之前 , 美国人知道没有什么但是打败 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	在分析cobweb算法的基础上 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了根系的根长、根系状态、茎高、茎基直径、上下面的生物量 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信信相信 , 大多数信徒在星期六被网上发布在互联网上 , 称之为他的亲戚释放 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟评估药物如zyban , 可用处方 , 帮助许多人无法获得体重 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	鉴定了24个犹太国家的10个发生小组的12个可靠性研究总体 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发以确定土地供应大小 , 以提高土地利用规律 , 以阻止土地卫生行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后采用燃烧热的方法 , 分散紫外线hfrl的不同晶体改性区别了燃烧热的稳定性 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生建设学生的医生顾问团队是医生培训素质的重要组成部分 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文提出了一种在多输入多输入多输出单元系统中的电力平衡方法 , 并对其性能进行了分析 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	聚类技术提供了一种低级消息结构 , 它保持集群同步中的所有节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常是由感染人员的大气中传播的小滴沙利瓦咳嗽或喷嚏 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列出了许多需要和选择的结晶算法 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金顺警告明章不要打破郑中和嘉惠 , 或者他将离开明章真正的身份 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他看起来很大程度上去寻找她的意识的所有十字点 , 所以要冲击她最可能的伤口 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动化建模技术是研究交通流动态问题的一个简单有效的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用各国的司机许可证申请中国驱动许可证 , 同样的信息是下面的 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非规格的谷物的加工包括加工oat、巴克麦、巴克麦和巴利的加工以及制备巴利麦芽的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化工业有限公司是一个成功的例子 , 是政府和商人合作在特殊有限公司 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波诱导海底液化是黄河三角洲潜艇生理学形成的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	本文介绍了脉冲平衡控制系统神经元自适应pid控制器的算法和学习规律 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	这个世纪的选手教授他们的学生如何在特定情绪或消息中传播 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	如果要在房间温度测量的电导率大于1000毫米左右 , 必须正确地纠正 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	陶瓷化合铜管用于管模具优良的服务效果 , 降低管坯生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他跑了 , 没有人笑... " 燕敏时刻转变了脸的表情形式 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	第一四至五个叶子和烟后有些强壮的种子 , 出生在耳朵的清除中花了 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	本文介绍了一种新型电力线圈的开发 , 旨在解决在线监控系统在高压线的电力监控系统的问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	罗湖地区的关键金融中心的零售空间将短期推出 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	15年12月15日 , 我与国会达成了一份omnibus预算协议 , 这是我八年的最后一项主要的立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它有关于松散耦合架构的所有好处 , 如代码重用性 , 同时也限制了需要的测试努力 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在右手打网球时 , 钴60的衰退有一个内在的手柄 , 被镜子反向 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如以前的季节似乎没有真正的联系 , 中场和袭击之间的真正的联系 , 新的季节是闪光的 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约书亚对上帝的帮助感兴趣 , 他知道以色列人必须在新荷兰生活之前战斗很多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在被卡罗琳·埃弗森取代了全球销售迈克·穆尔菲的长期vp 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 给出了该模型的一个例子 , 并分析了一定程度上覆盖率的影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	星球和星球形成的尘埃和气体中 , 可见光不能渗透 , 但红外辐射可以 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但是随着桑德曼的警察 , 一个印象深刻的文档过程只有控制的出现 , 因此只有微弱风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生命经常被视为一个童话和传奇的婚姻 , 到棒球伟大的乔·迪马吉奥是这个观点的标志 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调用数学图书馆和杂交编程 , 导出了对6800深分解的数值结果是满意的 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 援助 " 四个自由一项 " 政策在天津全面实施低价国家援助 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 , 不要怀疑和抱怨 。 它给人们关于你的生活的负面印象 , 让人们认为你是 " 垃圾 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	你总是想做的事情列表但是因为你正在提高你的孩子 , 也许这是写或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的阿尔沃尔俱乐部预计将在未来2年签署迪戈·马拉多纳作为教练 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题正在麻烦 , 因为两个测试者可以结束不同的分数或两个人 , 不同的知识水平可以结束同样的分数 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	当我们大多数人听到大风暴的时候 , 一位敢士的摄影师已经让他的工作与他一样接近 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将于8月31点59分钟完成这篇客人邮件 。 我知道 , 因为如果我没有 , 我会失去1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 游戏失去了流行性 , 大部分由于欺骗的成长 , 由于皇帝的奥多斯在394年的广告中被我废除 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	龙形象的分析可以使人们感到兴趣 , 因为龙是一个与中国传统文化密切关系的图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是古老的战斗 ; 善良的邪恶 , 恶恶 , 愤怒 , 谦卑 , 帅气 , 帅气 , 好不太帅 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适合电子传输器的位置 , 可以被平衡和加利多尼亚盾牌覆盖的地区找到 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	太阳光明亮 , 所以卡伦和老妇人沿着玉米的脚路走了 , 然而那里却相当责任 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料和磨损的汽车外 , 还需要把时间花到我的家里 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施是非存在的 , 战斗政治病毒是成本的 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他说 , 随着采购卡车负载了战斗机头到前面 , 莫特拉壳的头部听到了两分钟的间隔 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次看到阿尔帕奇诺的电影时 , 我第一次在我的生活中 , 认为我想像另一个人 , " 他回忆道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由古生代盆地组成的大型超叠盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有许多生物功能 , 特别是对病理条件下的组织细胞的保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	聊天线 , 学生可以更自由地表达自己的感觉和意见 , 甚至还有帮助他们的外国语言研究 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使它从来没有战争 , 台湾仍然是更好中美关系的障碍 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室工作 , 我不确定如何学习礼仪 , 如何适当讲话等 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	其次 , 利用比较分析方法 , 证明了wrh的学术可行性 , 建立了数学模型和数学模型的可行性 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主机逃离 , 学校后代理也特别注意训练 " 空间 " 和 " 视频台 " 像代理一样 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过一个远程监测网络的mcgs , 通过一个mcgs , 来监测卫星传输器的工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加里卡先生 。 他想看到银行家 , 负责该国问题税收并采购的问题 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32他没有自己的儿子 , 但给了他所有人都不会 , 和他一起 , 和他一起 , 感激地给我们所有的事情吗 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	实际上 , 西岸已经从东耶路撒冷分离 , 这仍然是巴勒斯坦最受欢迎的巴勒斯坦城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	抓住我的第二个软件raid文章 , 我们将采取更先进的软件raid函数和raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天的声音会在他的头上听起来 , 他的心灵的声音会与回答一起回答 , 同时他在无尽的任务劳动 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前石油勘探从构造储层向岩性和地层层储层中趋势 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	例如 , 在肾脏里的梅迪安被命名为肾脏梅迪安 , 其余的部分可能是模拟性的 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了本品种外 , 本品种并没有成功 , 但在洛伊山谷和加州 , 被培养 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫拿着哲学家的头 , 把它带到耶路撒冷 , 他把菲律师的武器放在自己的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	该算法满足了新的字符数控加工技术的需要 , 通过字符骨架生成工具路径 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售效果没有中心 , 那么信任者对自己的缺陷构成了不足 , 它将绑定在桁架上 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	虽然数据同步发送 , 但协议在网络传输过程中提供推荐消息丢失 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件良好时 , 土壤水含量低 , 开发过程延长 , 生存率降低 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	一艘船的生理状态是体外的生理压力状态 , 是体外的零应力状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	轻轻视着葡萄酒 , 雅典混合了香味 , 笑着面包的笑声 , 人群忙在握手 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	对于国家补贴的程度来说 , 政府的补贴是削减和隐私化的 , 更多的工作往会导致那些没有付款的人 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 金小突然问一下 , 笔记是冷 , 可是要求几个笔子的想法 。
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	清楚地决定看他的最好 , 好转身的哺乳动物花了很长时间 , 仔细地检查他剩下的四个脏物 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画是由自我表现中发现的各种方法的各样的绘画和性能的印象所引起的 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发布了在线信息和叶片 , 旨在说服怀孕妇女有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	foaf信息的法律义务是什么 ? 法律义务是否在哪些情况下进行数据保护法律 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里散开毯子 , 吃我们的晚餐 , 很快就有黑色 , 开始雨 。 风吹得很难 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	岩坡稳定性的大多数分析表明 , 单面滑动与常数冲击的平面表面 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	在一个古老的佛教仪式中 , 牛津教育的巴切尔在一座古老的佛教仪式 , 忽视了imphu谷 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个程序还介绍了偶尔突变和随机性 , 关闭其中一个可能产生事故的机会 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌面条:把它放在锅水中 , 直到硬核心消失 , 然后用肉片或蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	ime是文件的最后一个访问时间 , 每次访问文件 , 底层文件系统必须记录这个时间戳 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	与此同时 , 高温区逐渐降低 , 直到火灾灭火 , 随着水雾的蒸发 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这种不授权的计算机侵入明显反对法律 , 但反对大鼠的战斗是一个挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股市的比例越高 , 融资界越少 , 现金流动对投资的影响越小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们对北约和俄罗斯的共同威胁和挑战进行联合评估 。 "
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	加入水解乳蛋白后 , 生物种子减少 , 但污染率总是很高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解产生了肉类味道的必要性 , 使这些快餐汤 , 肉类 , 肉类等的吸引力 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	推荐的菜包括哈卡风格酿造的豆腐 , 用虾干的鸡蛋 , 和虾饺子 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	通过实验研究了激光诱导等离子体反射的微波下移和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	垃圾收藏者在处理后面采取废弃的瓶子 , 今天边界制造了一个巨大的财富 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受我诚挚的祝贺 , 我希望信报告成功更大 , 成功快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 上个晚上 , 北京市中南海领导化合物沿着150名警察发布 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影之一 , 叫gorillas , 基于一个真正的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备广泛用于食品加工厂、食品仓库等 , 单位提升到错误 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	成立于1540年 , 17世纪的campeche经常被buccaneers抢劫 , 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	技术的实施和应用已经积累了我国其他地区建设油气储存的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来江苏大学教师评估机制的特点分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这条狗的其他名字是中国的猪 , 荷兰大豆 , 荷兰大豆 , 荷兰大豆 , 米尔·马斯蒂夫和它的国家是中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种新型的基于co基于无形肋骨的单核和双赢磁场传感器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是可怕的 , 现在很难找到工作 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了ltg交叉空调控制方法及其控制方法 , 提出了改进现有问题的意见 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是在初中学的基础上实现的 , 通过研究实践者的心理问题研究开始 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨 " 脾功能不足 " 与胃肠肠肠细胞的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者购买有机的食品 , 因为他们相信产品更健康 , 品味更好 , 更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	通过实验方法 , 研究了fpso在极端波中振动荷载的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德华尔说 , 世界范围的数据损失现在代表了我们每年损失40亿美元的损失 , 影响了公司和个人 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	轻轻视着葡萄酒 , 雅典混合了香气 , 笑着 , 笑着笑着 , 人群忙在握手 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	不同协会中缺乏元巴山化的不同人口结构反映了社区的继承过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	日志出现时 , getname方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用服务器生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含一个程序发送到另一个程序中 , 以及其内容和结构是由使用它的应用程序定义的 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东部和nka控制的pw%非常好 , 在一年内保持它 , 也可以实现或超过100%的ytdgs目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	如果心灵可以进入细胞内 , 我们需要心灵和身体变成一个 , 就可以注意地渗透细胞的膜 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	用sat和cft对710个样品进行比较 , 检测了710个牛奶山的布鲁氏菌 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	提出了东方绘画中的墨水水的影响 , 以及利用空间描述的线条在此工作中增加了新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能会指着你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子不会 。 " 如果你相信他们 , 看看 , 你是四月的愚蠢 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她在三角关系的上方 , 毫无意义地把自己放在了三角关系的上方 , 并未能看到她在过程中产生的痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷脂复合物磷脂的主要活性是促进细胞吸收 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用和理论的一个主题 , 需要高科技和很多工作经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和傲慢是不一样的 , 但是 , 除了世界之外 , 特别是 , 我希望我能代替自足 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年 , 经济疲弱 , 承认一些家庭可能不能为大学付款 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	军官打开了自己的巡逻车的车辆 , 拉出像一个玩具模型飞机 , 四个转子和一个视频相机的玩具模型飞机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	她用 " 幽默 " , 作为一种吸烟屏幕 , 作为吸烟屏幕 " , 萨洛蒙女士说 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	错误听到了这一点 。 他在仆人愤怒地喊道: " 谁给你承诺给我承诺 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 艾莉·林达和伊恩承诺 , 如果必要 , 把我带到球板上 。 我不能错过这个 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性爱是相当不同的 , 就像你所说的那样 , 那么所有人都有什么必要 ? " 年轻人问 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我清楚了她如何笑容 , 英语语语言的道德 , 但对于悲剧的抱怨 , 我们正在考试它 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿正在阅读或观察 , 并与她讨论 , 鼓励她谈论和问她所看到的事情 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	遵循文档作为每个国家文件规定和上海规定 , 分类、分类、排名和识别文档 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	经常冲动 , 偶尔过多 , 丹尼必须学会患者 , 在长期的途径下 , 他才能成为技能 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	紧张的男人坐在飞行员的座位上 , 很快他们正在空中 , 尽管飞机在飞机上飞行 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期以来 , 中国注意力主要是小叶茶 , 忽视了大叶 , 茶叶输出和出口日益减少 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在漫长的夜晚里 , 很多人都有甜美的梦想 , 即使安静的睡眠时刻 , 但不能做 , 这是失眠的 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	" 所有这些都导致了很多苦难 , " 印度uu新闻机构的编辑sheikhmanzoorahmed说 。
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生物化学、生物学、医学或相关科学 , 最少有5年的相关经验 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法是一种小损伤、出血 , 是甲状腺切除术中甲状腺切除的安全和处理方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也许还可以留在世界广泛的网络上 , 这是国际通信网络的媒体丰富组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于双端信息和单端信息的传输线非传输保护的实现 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他生活简单而脆弱的生活 。 他对钱和幸运有差异 。 他总是因为他的工作而失去了晚饭时间 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 旧金山州长董事会通过当地法律禁止在儿童产品中使用化学物质 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗阴是一个晚唐不允许忽视作家 , 它的诗歌明显的地区由唐向宋迁移轨迹 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西星期一被提醒我们的根 , 当苏格兰时 , 俱乐部创始人的伟大的孙女支付我们一次访问 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但看 , 这只是完全是错误的 , 整个体系的医生把这门医生放在我们身上 , 因为他们无法处理他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的探讨二磷酸盐在营地b试验领域的耐旱防治效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	风更大 , 今年第一次 , 在风中包裹起来 , 听到那个蒙蔽的小哨声 , 干燥的叶子一阵人群落了 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	胡格希斯承诺继续建立 " 羞辱的连接 " , 这使得人们共同希望生活在和平和自由中 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	中国在这时 , 国民革命正在战争中 , 中国的帝国主义行动不再是不够的 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我睡了14小时 , 我觉得我很累 。 晚餐时间很累 。 我必须去 ! 我很饿 。
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一位领袖和总统阿司匹尔 , 克莱的政治直觉使他赢得了 " 大批评者 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	巫师:我知道你想做什么 , 你是个愚蠢的女孩 。 然而 , 我亲爱的 , 我可以帮助你 , 让你的梦能真正 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 在ldoce3中 , 最常见的语言处理和写的例子明显不平衡 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我拿了7个火车时 , 我总是试图在报纸上解释中国人物在我身边阅读的报纸上 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然最糟糕的价格下跌似乎已经结束了 , 但在2010年的任何情况下 , 国内价值预计在全国范围内显示小增长 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果词汇证明有效 , 美国的表达可以参与到设计的病毒营销活动 , 以创造 " buzz " 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	今天 , 迪戈·马拉多纳说 , 狮子梅西 " 与耶稣玩耍 " , 但不要做错误的选择 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您想要改变sammba服务器的名称 , 则要比服务器的unix名称 , 使用网络名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新ipodnano开始于149美元 , 除了内置视频摄像机外 , 还有一个fm接收器和pedometer 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	但是瑞典报纸建议 , 当他们经过耶和华经营的时候 , 鸟儿在路上一直在吃盐 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何生理差异 , 研究人员从每个组中取得了一定的个体来研究脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语首先是在第五世纪使用的角色萨克逊语言的第一篇文章 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共享的义务 , 确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案件 , 并且有时间的规定 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	游客中心和博物馆提供了关于古代的文化历史和现代印度人民的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈是半andal的一般 , 它的无力参议员在大量的、不利于管理的房地产 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	中央静脉和周围动脉总mk和4型mk水平均在cpb期间显著上升 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 我来说是一个非常特别的欢乐 , 公开表达了我对格里格里·佩尔曼的深刻赞赏和欣赏 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有益的步骤包括帮助别人 , 使用幽默、学习 , 以及实践问题解决和时间管理 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项法案错过了标志 , 因为它不可避免导致商业和消费者的能源成本更高 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	查看<wascehome>/var/目录/服务器.xml用于目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	下次尝试它 , 你需要驱动你的汽车 。 用拇指把左鼻孔盖在你的拇指上 , 只要一分钟才能呼吸右鼻孔 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	他们说 , 事故教他们两个教训 , 不管船是多安全 , 最多的数百万人错误可能会破坏它 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	本月前 , 报告显示 , 第二季度增长比较快速修改预测 , 仅有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要在未来和公司中出现网络类似的作用 , 应当作为客户价值的代理和集成者 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据中世纪传奇的杯子或盘子 , 被耶稣在最后的供应商使用 , 后来成为许多物体 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我把他们送出了一个长期的购物列表 , 把时间放在我的电话上 , 十分钟后 , 拖着彩色上楼 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 离婚年期 , 希望今年家人在一起 , 我们可以健康生活的幸福更加好 , 不对 , 不对 , 都是对的 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾莉夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以在短暂的时候开关 , 让它消失 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实施的唯一特征之一是俄罗斯生态社会群体扮演着重要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、方法、可靠性和可靠性分析数据 , 用sps15.0和excel2003进行统计分析 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	在一份报告中 , 歌手celinedon正在为美国超市的一家美国超市标签 , 一份报告称她怀孕了双胞胎 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他已经准备好了 , 麦克莱伦的计划是把他的军队放在波多马克河上 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	对于电力分布 , 给出了一个特定的a/d转换器 , 实现了电力、区域和性能之间的良好贸易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 案例教学可以被渗入理论教学 , 并结合音乐类教学的实践 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这就是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更多的热保温 , 并且有两个金色的线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些瑞典人被认为是安全的 , 因此 , 在怀孕期间 , 您的健康保健提供者谈论了多少非营养性的膨胀器在怀孕期间可接受 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:通过非肿瘤技术合作 , 可以严格防止静脉肿瘤传播和局部种子 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种双维服务器四色图识别的方案 , 并给出了其边界处理技术 , 为什么 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hmm的同时解码和更新参数的关联源通道解码方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个激活器 , 并对uop在co2去除过程中用来替换uop的激活器act1 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	迄今为止 , 夏季种植的 " 巴迪拉 " 已有关 , 有效干旱和产量的数量与苗条规范没有明显相关 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	与刘北三国的浪漫一样 , 原来的销售草原砂 , 但后来组织起来的征服 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	chban电子有限公司是一家来自以色列的外国买家 , 需要购买产品类别包括:电信等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	我们已经超过了对传统的方法学缺乏顾客的重点 , 因此对产品所有者/经理进行优先化控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当两件作品完成时 , 阿拉克看见她的惊讶 , 她已经被打败了 , 因为上帝的设计是无限优越的 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	海洋、湖泊和河流的淤泥总有不同的粘土含量 , 导致了不同的固化丝的强度 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部要求 , 建立并改善医疗和儿童艾滋病防治系统块 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业:美国国家森林控制协会成员和中国老鼠和卫生虫害预防和控制协会 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 庄园 " 和 " 南京玉 " 是克里山姆育种的潜在父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售员刚卖了一双鞋子 , 他们可能有一个真正的笑容 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作与成果列为:1 ) 自旋流脉冲宽度调制老灰度控制的主要工作和成果 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	作出补充、配置、修改和必要的删除任务形式为工程完成的技术文档 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	民主党法律师阿基西萨·纳加希玛说: " 唯一有一个统一党的政党是奥萨瓦 。 "
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是30小时的数据 , 需要寻找脊柱参数和天空位置 , 但没有什么都是在石头上设置的 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	没有预测到一系列的结果 , 温室效应可能会带来关注 , 但所谓的利益很小 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	系统功能语言学和心理学作为二十世纪的两大影响语言学理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	本周六在上海举行的中国欧洲国际商学院举行的奢侈品会议上 , 兰恩斯在上海举行 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道 , 美德从他身上走出来 , 把他转到新闻中 , 说 , 谁触摸我的衣服 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴特拉·梅哈苏德现在正在美国人面对 , " 一名退休巴基斯坦的一般分析师说 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	营养成分的一个原则之一 , 不能使ngpang食品 , 普通食品 , runes , rais , 以及其他价值的原则 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里奇说: " 我们只需要强调那些饮料和驱动的人 , 才能真正导致家庭的心脏病 , 我们需要停止这种感觉 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马对记者说 , 他将向外交和其他非军事方面发掘新的能量 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的激励是重视战略油藏的作用 , 增加勘探输入 , 增加油藏的发展 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它是由额外侵袭、转移到宫颈淋巴结或远端器官或组织病理性atypia 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	弗拉斯尼亚是理解多样性变化之前的一个关键时间间隔 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了教师互动的概念 , 以及教师与学生之间的相互作用的基本特点 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别事件常见于癌症、过敏、病毒感染、炎症、自身免疫病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	1990年 , 洛斯特国际ocity会议、城市生态学和cerrogoordo镇论坛的报告 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我在这次旅程中开始吃早餐 , 我们会见了这次旅程的领导人 。 我们用照片和所有陪伴者 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	该指数是0和100之间的一个值 , 其中100指示一个轻量的负载服务器 , 0是一个重量负载服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	通过直接计算各代非稳定性值的计算 , 比较了回收对cv的影响 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单个结构的单个布局在结构的优势下 , 分布布布局的优势 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	混沌动力学系统的陌生吸引器的自然紧密连接是由于混沌动力学系统的无限相似性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	此外 , 它还需要更长的时间来评估是否能否适应化疗 , 可以采取术后放射治疗的位置 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	城堡和冠金...伍德和牧民冲突 , 一种 " 鸟类 " 类型 , 比 " 地平线 " 的任何项目都要多 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司具有进口贸易权 , 可以为国内外用户提供船舶自动化系统和信息系统的整体解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	同样的问题在于 , 中央政府的传播部门将在执行官元审判下进行 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	大节将举行 , 叫玉兰 , 特别的节日 , 将会在周围燃烧 , 与玉勒日志一起燃烧 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文是第一系列将采取更新的视图2.0 , 以及如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人球迷的一次欢迎 , 他的两次冠军在周末结束了三场损失 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	或者至少 , 根据大多数美国人和英国人在语言应用巴贝尔的新调查中调查的案例 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会尝试改变这个前提 , 使用xenophobia或海军主义论点来说 , 每个国家都应该按照同样的标准举行 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果建立了8 , 000个自动测试案例生成600个失败 , 你真正能处理这个问题吗 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作人员几乎不能声称权威的大量份额 , 但他们会有很好的任务 , 不会干扰其他男性的工作 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远 , 社会平等的声音在社会现实中出现时 , 系统应该倾向于平等 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	裁决人员还指出 , 中国已经是莫拉特最大的市场 , 而且每年在大陆的香槟市场正在增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国最好的滑雪者为摄像机拍摄 , 大多数年轻人笑着 , 笑着笑着 , 他们的眼睛和激动 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	当大公司规定了屋顶和国际竞争时 , 大型公司在战后繁荣期间变得更为详细阐述和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	奇怪的是 , 因为随后世界银行和新闻组织并没有通过尘埃曼的经济预测来抵押贷款 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	与部门一样 , 有许多用户启动的事件 , 比如当用户单击或双击标签的显示空间内的时候 , 用户会有很多用户开始的事件 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于中国廉价的商品对主要零售商来说更有利 , 他们倾向于超过这些低价的价格在他们的推广中 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	进入官方站点 , 因此 , 通过承认和票单独控制的钢铁事件 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	传染剂在感染者的贮藏中被传送到无感染的人通过污染的食物或水中被蒙蒙受的污染物 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	jr:我们还没有详细地看到任何其他平台 , 但是我们确定有更多的平台、应用程序和网站可受到同样的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度改革的缓慢性和在证券市场发展的稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	它是新的文明观点 , 核心在寻求共同的地面 , 储备差异 , 和平共存 , 编码开发 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学的特点在于艺术结构的选择或形成过程中都有交流的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文提出了基于检查列表和流图的风险识别特性因素建模技术 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	连接板的位置的压力应该通过不锈钢、无锈钢、钢铁、钢头扭头弹性螺栓压力器 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计学的教学中 , 给出了线性回归的参数估计方法 , 利用函数极大值法给出了线性回归的参数估计 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	小偷收入造成了太多无辜的死亡 , 这些犯罪被帽子盲目 , 他们不认为后果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中外佛教的活动限制到点和线条 , 缺乏大规模传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水的表是健康的 , 它来自第一个地方和下一个地方 , 空气的表面是不健康的 , 它来自海底 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波器提供一个基于服务器的服务器的服务 , 这样其他用户可以从您的电子邮件中获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢音乐 , 因为我喜欢跑步 , 但我很难信心 , 因为我只有5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除了葡萄牙 , 除了葡萄牙 , 网络上还不受欢迎 , 大约有一半被调查的男性和女性选择在线找到人们 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译条款在空间领域的特点 , 占有和财产的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	成熟和抛光 , 红色和巧克力的味道 , 与泵和香料完成 , 无力地不懈地挥舞 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧 , 看起来你在生活中变得慢 , 记得上帝永远不在匆忙 , 但他总是在时间 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 特别是我们有很长的人 , 希望我们能够与他们相碰 , 我们需要 " 公民 " 的程序 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	自从信西亚丑闻以来 , 伯鲁斯科尼也一直在与那些被付出参加他的党议员进行调查 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅有苏菲见证了全吹的仪式 , 而且她的祖父却是著名的...大师 , 祖父的祖父也是国王的祖父...
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	虽然霍尔特战略是聪明的 , 约翰逊愿意把它当作旧版的新版 , 但有两个问题与霍尔斯的方法有关 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	没有提到从互联网游戏中削减 , 甚至我最困难的朋友 , 他们抱怨 , 并且一直在试图登录他们的msn 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	提出了燃烧正常处理方法 , 用闪光焊接、气压焊接和铝热焊接对钢铁进行钢铁火焰正常处理 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚后 , 另一个人从他完成并抓住爵士 , 说: " 谁曾经看过一只蛇吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	在一个决定的哲学组合中 , 它在规划、理论、重组和制备方面做出了最好的作用 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们最终在无穷的开支和债务的周期中 , 越来越多的工作 , 终结了生活中充满了货物 , 但空中意义和幸福的空间 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , webspherhereace访问可以通过访问离线portlets提供偶尔连接门户的解决方案 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语动词 , 可以引入报告条款及其分类 , 由逻辑和语义标准制成 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白人博士看了8 , 000人回到世纪70年代 , 所有的iq都在五岁和十岁时测量了他们的iq 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何希望的成功 , olpc认识到需要从目标单元模型中获得远离xo机器的制造 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	在您可以编辑视图之前必须绑定一个视图 , 双击视图控制来选择现有的视图或创建新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已广泛应用于长期通信中 , 但它的高系统成本大限制了其应用于metro区域网络 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在基于内存的对象缓存中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过在整个集群中分享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在使用总线拓扑的lan中 , 一个段是一个连续的电路 , 通常与重复器连接的其他部分相连 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	一个高级姐妹 , 麦迪夫·影声 , 在他带来试验之前 , 她已经展示了她的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	奥巴马在2008年成为总统候选人时 , 他承诺 " 采取 " 在贸易和货币问题上 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着流动频率的增加 , 光谱区域的数量和变化对不同的分散政策有不同的差异 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你拿起你的仪器或打开你的嘴巴 , 都是建立在好习惯和与你的铅笔交流的好习惯 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标导向的行为是生物学的基本特征 , 也是识别实体是否生存的重要标准 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 他们在奥运之前回到哪里 , " 沃伊尔斯特克说 , " 否则这对业务计划有影响 。 "
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安质量和技术监督局把英国名叫做汉堡 , 以进一步促进食品 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国议会的全球运动对气候变化的认识和面临世界城市面临的能源挑战 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	google的技术要求从商人那里的一些原始 , 但看起来很简单 , 安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架抗侧荷载在短方向上应用 , 横向承载稳定了构造长期 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	东方的历史展览区主要是对象 , 阐明了我国铁路的光明进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这样的信息对您的健康有重要意义 , 请用立即的效果直接应用这个烹饪方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	但在工业化管理过程中 , 水稻种子生长产业的发展过程中 , 有一定的问题需要快速解决 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响内燃机内部燃烧发动机的循环头、阀门、阀座的性能的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被告知 , allt关键是错误的 , 如果它按压电脑会崩溃 , 所有的实验数据都会损失 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	性能损失主要由cutof插件引起 , 圆方推力室和插件开放基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于美国而言 , 美国的同性规定 , 美国使得 " 出口民主 " 战略增加了很大的努力 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周 , 美国的天主派只有上次宣布他们最终会对死刑进行严重的反对 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	莉莉安·劳尔:导演一部电影是一个非常繁荣的工作 , 我们都知道 , 你只是说是的 , 还是没有什么 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本论文的目的是研究几种复杂变量的变形函数和变形映射的特殊性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血液动态稳定的超级心律水平可保持观察和不断扩张 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	自从你想要你的配件作为电子的时候 , 哈基把袋和金属套装袋和金属套装袋吸引到你 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphereapplicationserver社区版的插件 , 通过关闭链接标签不要看到您的服务器列表 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种无机盐的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的通过调查肾脏、加固脾脏、生成血液 , 探讨贫血的疗效 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了一种基于普通微分方程的多体系动力学的设计敏感性分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	在多线程技术中实现了一个扫描孔的扫描器 , 其扫描速度很快 , 孔径很容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的过度性质强调了观众的位置 , 只有把自己看作是一个不断的对象 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	根据等效理论的观点 , 翻译品牌名称应该实现完美的语言学 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流是stdut , 如果没有重新向文件或管道 , 那么选择的页面将会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探讨圆形、纵向和中壁缺陷的概念配置 , 也为厚度验证和协作监测提供了探讨 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有opel , gm承诺在北美建立一个较小的小型和更多的燃料充足的汽车将缺乏信心 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	利用zibo市废水处理厂废水处理工艺 , 处理城市废水 , 其中80%以上是工业废水 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同意红肉菜、蓝鱼和更硬的奶酪 , 以及甜点 , 特别是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这个综合资源包括一个国际支持者 , 他们在领域领导学术和实践者的贡献者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他喝深深的水泥 , 学会把他的精神与远处流出来的房子的潜力混合在一起 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 国家核政策的审查是自二十年前冷战结束以来第三次 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	这个活动中涉及的个人不仅是科学上未知的 , 而且 , 绝对没有什么兴趣 , 更好的信息 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自开发的轻油改造催化剂在氢生产中得到了良好的作用 , 并在国内取代了进口工具 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人都在这里加入我 , 祝愿你们两个 , 西奥马拉和基玉 , 最好的生活必须在你们的婚姻中提供你们的婚姻 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几台客户机上 , 可以模拟成千上万的虚拟用户并发在各种情况下 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	振动液化床已广泛应用于化学工业、冶金和食品工业中 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们早期认识到这个趋势 , 我们可以重新分配我们的资源来减少关键路径活动的关键性 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在不断的意识状态中 , 和平的思想 , 是一种强烈的思想 , 以及信仰和精神的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的分析临床特点 , 评价全球性神经障碍的诊断标准及手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数案例都在明显的区域组装分布中 , 北城市的案例占总案例的78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	家庭人员庆祝他们的业务、农业和商业活动 , 共同支持 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续产品的升级 , 实现多纤维混合思想 , 棉纺企业增长纤维来创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体来说 , 53%的法国人相信萨科齐先生使得 " 好总统 " , 相比5月份的41% 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源库表示 , 每年将供应3000万吨的煤炭 , 每年大约有3亿美元 , 从2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和提示部分对如何改变你的行为、学习新的技能和改变个性特性提出了很大的建议 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	将数据处理基于您传递到cin的参数的数据结构 , 这个函数不会设置阵列尺寸字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	amazonweb服务 , 租借大型数据中心的计算能力 , 同时也赢得了价格廉价的声誉 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	程序显然提供了比自由版本和霜版本更多的功能 , 声称是limewirep的免费版本 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kdcup999数据集 , 研究了该方法的优秀性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯汀是那些喜欢耶稣和他生活的年轻人之一 , 他突然死亡让我们留下了数百万个问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	这足够让我们感觉好 。 在外包工作和耐磨之后 , 婚姻机构现在正在外包 , 即使我们的爱生活 , 日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	还有去年 , 金融时报收购了金融时报 , 一个在线资金经理的新闻提供商 , 负责订阅费 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	你可能早些时候醒来 , 用来到你的新计划 , 或者计划一个新的博物馆展览会 , 你希望能赶到 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	小qrane女士 , 你真的想结婚詹妮弗 ? 克兰人回答珍妮弗将是我们的泰国江集团的救生者 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	希望希望与胡锦涛总统、温家宝总统和其他高级官员会晤 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	姚明:当我年轻时 , 我看了很多哈克姆·奥拉克文的演奏 , 查尔斯·巴克利 , 当然迈克尔·约旦 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这就是一种基于恐惧的思想形式 , 并将基于统一的思想形式与光的语言结合起来 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美食用水果和蔬菜作物经常不能达到超市 , 因为它们的大小或物理出现 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	该项目将利用电力购买技术的海洋电力技术 , 包括模块、海洋购买 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课的合作学习理论可以改变传统的教师中心教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 该邮票在1980年发布 , 特别幸运的是每年只发生一次60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是二维的 , 那么你经常想 " 包 " 的内容就像迭代的那样 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证脸部的安全和快速的支持 , 而且大部分减少脸部的消除成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 通过经验丰富的外科医生专业化 , 完成了高容量医院的程序 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场人员和消费者都意识到发生什么时候 , 市场营销工作都满足了最终结果 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从网络的早期使用中 , 网络的哭泣是网络空间是新的边界 , 没有法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但这次表现并没有满足两个圣女 , 女性 , 哥拉丁 , 马奎斯德·布鲁斯 , 以及这位委员会的德·查特维苏克斯 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是一个成员 , 使许多基本法律加以独立法律、行政法律和当地法律等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 全部披露:我并不能叫做基于地点的社交网络服务的重用户 , 我没有市长 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovafb2的涂层抗原和fb2的竞争抗原 , 研制了一种用于检测疟疾b2的冰冻 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以学习你的第一句话 , " 莱克尔 " [le'ka] , adj.意味着 " 好/好 " 的意思是从食物到女孩的任何东西 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他是欧洲最著名的球员 , 因为他收到了签证d'or和护理奖 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有较好的水质特性 , 具有良好的处理效率 , 效率低 , 成本低 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌的四个病人在18fdg合并图像上有负面的发现 , 但显示阳性血清标记 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软触摸面料和强大的压缩会遇到奇克设计和思想细节 , 让你每天都想穿的风格的细节 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	你需要遵循这个时期的正式服装代码 , 不要训练 , 没有牛仔裤 , 还有牛仔裤 , 穿着夹克和胫骨 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助你的工作开发前景 , 因为如果你需要一个或开发更多的业务 , 还有更好的费用 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	中国缺乏男性教育者和书籍有着强烈的论点:中国男孩正在发展在一个主要的女性环境中 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法应用于几个简单的模型分子和苯胺和hiv1蛋白酶之间的堆积 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	一位在五个经理中说 , 晚上仍然醒来 , 意味着他们更容易犯错 , 摩里的1 , 006人透露 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么今天早上 , 医生告诉我 , 你的机会很快就能看到他所说的机会是十个 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每次调用都得到自己的活动记录 , 所以每次调用变量来获得自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	6月13日 , 捐赠者承诺超过4亿美元支持加维的工作 , 超过了任何人最荒诞的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人加里·瓦纳奇克用他的知识创造成功的葡萄酒图书馆电视 , 日常视频博客展示了酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周 , 一位名叫加利的男子 , 卡尔弗先生的奶酪家 , 进来 , 并把它重新分配到内部的水分 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是 , 我们需要利用科幻系列明星的技术技术来帮助我们达到可持续的星球轨道 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	奥多西亚帕迪米罗说: " 如果你有坏信用卡比以前更难 。 "
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢用睾丸酮受体深处在我的假设中 , 我喜欢用多巴胺水淹没我的原始蜥蜴脑 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	下次 , 您将pojo带到一个pojo并且在注释上滑到ejb中 , 您可以给openejb团队带来一点感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因 , 一些常见的动机包括环境、动物权利和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国的煤矿一年一定会杀死2 , 003万名工人 , 煤矿在那里 , 还有其他地方还杀死了更多的地方 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	大多数对记忆的研究重点是 , 因为你可能会期待 , 记住事物的一面 , 多少精确等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如小说一样 , 我们也许试图把注意力转移到浪漫爱情的刺激中 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 常见设置alias , 它扩展到 " l " , 例如一个目录或文件列表的长期清单 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战是在单个伞下获得这个不规则和无组织的系统 , 以提供通用访问 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放后处理已受到很多关注 , 因此 , 柴油机的排放标准越来越严格 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在高磁化的脂肪坏死观察中 , 一些脂肪的巨噬细胞之间被视为坏死脂肪组织细胞 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤降解主要类型较差 , 营养成分差 , 微生物差 , 结构坏 , 基础化 , 重干旱 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术中56例椎间盘及椎间盘的临床观察进行分析 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	周六 , 美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿周六称北方的宣言和声明为 " 深度遗憾的 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店支付债务卡 , 你就可以从账户中获取额外的总结 , 这通常叫做 " 现金回馈 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	皮吉恩斯斯在喀斯曼德乌附近的一个寺庙附近的一个寺庙里散步了一个男人 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	然后 , 塞多夫去了马丁斯的一本晚期挑战 , 虽然罗斯尼里继续看着更危险的一边来临 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	数字中的配件线是一个3rd度多项式 , 但任何类型的光滑都会告诉你 , 有大量的上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一家公司希望放下利率 , 它就可以简单地拥有它的市场制造单位建立债券的库存 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大哈恩 " 角度 , 讨论成为福州港的价值 , 大大而必要 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	你承认 , 同意你可以享受成员支付成员的年费用 , 为成员和相关设施费用 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据工业分析师马什尔·科恩说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋实际上是购买篮球 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国东方anglia大学气候政策专家mikehulme表示 , 社会效应也不可预测 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	方正桥是上海地区最长、最高、最高的石桥 , 五个开放在朱家桥和上海地区 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行程度的差异外 , 定义的不平等也是限制财政复制人民一大手工疗法 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	金融监管的新兴过度没有什么地方解决公司 , 尽管他们扮演了一个中央角色通胀房屋泡沫 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯苏拉斯在上个月在安菲尔德的11场比赛中被指控 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	有时我们的路上带着我们走到公园 , 在洛杉矶河上高度高的脚桥上 , 洛杉矶河的滚水 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	曼联在2003年9月失踪测试后 , 曼联失踪了欧元2004年9月失踪了欧元 , 这是一个与球员一起的纪录片 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 研究了硫亚嗪和阿司匹林进口涂料片的溶解性改善 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了摩卡/e比和填料量对pu弹性体的物理性能和热空气年龄的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , src柱轴向压缩比的局限值一般高于rc柱 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织一般行政赞助的对抗假冒和缺陷的产品和其他非法活动 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 当墓地和砂层河的时候 , 雷波尔德沃尔曼关系不能辨别通道模式 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	普通设备的示例包括雪鞋和计算机或类型的键盘 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从当前的情况来看 , 欧洲政府的发展可能会再次突破 , 通过屏障者成功地破坏 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	该方法采用马肝组织作为原材料制备马肝酒精脱氢酶干乙酮粉 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	利用非晶硅薄膜子电池的顶层生成了一种透明的导电ito反射层 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业家都热衷于特定的市场或技术 , 并把销售帽子放在不自然的情况下 , 这是好的 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接当地能源的生产发展 , 提供和需求的平衡 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	妇女、家庭妇女、家庭妇女、学生对碘缺乏的知识与实践 ;
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法74例患者ct扫描证实的mbienscistna变化 , 分析了ct扫描的变化 , 并对其与预后的相关性进行了研究 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	输入{userinstallroot}\etc\wsecurity\samples\encender.jceks在键盘存储路径领域中 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的探讨全体骨干移植术在喉癌细胞组织组织组织组织学中的应用价值 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	经过一次新闻会议和一次oath仪式之后 , 10个成员的民众誓言保证安全 , 他改变了他的工作总体 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	ollila表示 , 微软没有成为诺基亚唯一的选项 , 并注意到许多公司已经显示了与完成移动电话制造商合作的兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家 , 是星系中心周围的圆环环 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了菠萝酸酯的种子标本评价研究 , 建立了提取物和总碱的方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国破产法官允许lehman将现金投入到两家银行 , 以避免监管机构的严重破产 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法用醋酸法观察两种不同浓度的镇痛作用 , 用热板试验观察小鼠的两种不同浓度的镇痛作用 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文的总结 , 语言的整体特点已经对林庄进行简要的概括 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	przwalski的马 , 一旦浪漫了蒙古的步骤 , 被认为已经变得太分散在野生中种植 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系的转型要求美国和韩国维持 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑牛被长长出来 , 这些 " 被短角逐渐消失 , 就像有些恶劣的害虫一样 。
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑您的网上专辑 , 等价留下的家庭专辑 , 每个旅客都可以通过 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场如此挥发 , 公司通过经济衰退来 " 令人震惊 " 的长期日志 , 还有一些指标是什么 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果您跟随 , 并计划在这个点上进行突破 , 请在您现在有两个工作 , 在文件系统中创建更大的文件文件 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们在非白人群中看到更多的权威主义 , 我认为当局主义家庭的百分比在亚洲人中最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月球远远离地球 , 即使大树在山上生长 , 我们不能通过最强大的望远镜发明 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	大城市的大型客户和袋检查的机场是实际的 , 因为它将带来普通生活到硬盘 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	几天后 , 他们仍然与部队触摸 , 幸运地 , 他们杀死了鹿 , 可能很难依赖维生 , 花了几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 对于四大银行来说 , 好银行/坏银行交易应该是管理 , 工业只有四个工作才能稳定 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时我仍然想要一个专门的键盘 , 所以当我看到s710的时候 , 我知道这是完美的适合 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 必须有一般知识上帝 , 然而有限 , 导致男人常常想到他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	汞与任何人类癌症、白血病、淋巴瘤、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间没有其他文献联系 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国最近公开支持对伊朗的制裁 , 并对朝鲜的核活动产生了较少的限制 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这个游戏开放在一个无名的战争中东国家 , 在交换1000万美元的费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	在8月底 , 乔伊·德弗朗西斯科实施了许多不满的工人幻想:他在一个不可思议的外国时尚中辞职 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	根据价值链的方法 , 提出了分化优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	鉴于滤波器处理要求和前提只引入j2ee1.4 , j2ee的老版本需要不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利主义者brigittebardot写给德国部长 , 呼吁她不要给她带来压力来超过八月禁令 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦西亚总统克劳迪奥洛蒂托夏季市场购物列表和塞维拉中场马赛卡都是拉齐奥总统 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在两级金融控制涉及大学和学校的两级金融控制中 , 实验室管理和长期发展中存在矛盾 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	结果表明 , 该样品在eg中提取信息注意力更有效 , 显示了eg生物反馈系统的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科尔声称 , 穆里尼奥没有解决未来的球员 , 更喜欢集中在手中赢得比赛的事情 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	本文对金坦岩盐的力学方面进行了系统的实验研究和理论分析 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例患者18例 , 发生鼻部感染 , 发生率为14.3% , 呼吸感染占48% , ur24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	除了德国趋势的例外 , 在德国 , 年轻人实际上失业率下降到10.3% , 超过两年期 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	与传统的观点不同 , 这种句子意义是其真实的条件 , 因此 , 实现了一种新的分析意义 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论对大鼠hpa轴心血液治疗有监管作用 , 实验过敏性鼻炎 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗马国务卿克里罗指出: " 虽然物理学家经常知道他们的病人会死于某种疾病 , 但他们从来没有告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然站着 , 吩咐他叫他 , 他们叫盲人 , 向他说 , 对他说 , 安慰 , 升起 ; 他清洁 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	威尔弗的大小说 , led的质量比小芯片更好 , 价格比异构大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国hiv传播的hiv传播模式对感染率的传播有显著的改变 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	事实上 , 美容专家通过实际研究表明 , 婴儿油与糖的结合提供了一种最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他被指控在陈的电脑被修复在网站多媒体有限公司的时候 , 在那里 , ze是一名员工 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些主题 , 林肯的演讲和写作的引用已经在整个农场上稳定在火场上 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多人在大明宫的建筑场所 , 他们已经保持了很多原始的地区文化 , 比如他们的方言和传统食品 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中 , 可以收集反射 , 总是在寻找固定和永久的东西 , 尽管自己 , 并且控制特定的特定 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔给婚礼带来了凯莉 , 这样她会慢慢地慢地和可能没有太多的震惊 , 吸收他父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	低频钢36z焊接金属的裂纹增长率可分别为35和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统很容易地构建和简单地使用 , 并且比传统的msp更高的光谱分辨率 , 没有增加收购时间 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列结果表明 , 重复pv在患者的椎体水平同样有效 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	与软银行的合作是很好的开始:公司拥有2200万订阅商 , 其用户基地已经在过去几年里迅速增长 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不敢自称改革开放的先锋 , 但毕竟 , 我们是第一个普通人开餐馆 , " 郭说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	拜纳姆错过了上赛季的最后46场比赛 , 左膝损伤 , 他平均每场14.0分和8.2反弹 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了沿管滑坡的灵活衬砌体系 , 并对相关膨胀土的性能和设计方法进行了详细的讨论 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	本文利用性选择性吸收指标 , 指出性选择性吸收对出生率提高的影响意义 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女人将有更多的推荐 , 成为英雄的母亲 , " 一位联邦主义者说 , " 比建立 , 阿马逊类似 , 英雄本人 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	这些日子忙碌 , 经过 " 水域 " 实际上没有发现 。 今天 , 去图书馆 , 图书馆 , 图书馆小时前 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了排除这些条件 , 我们必须根据我国的特定情况重新设计公司的规则机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	jitie嘴发现了一张石板 , 许多字已经被打碎了 , 显然不想让别人知道这个坟墓的更多信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队沟通提供了一个蓝色印刷 , 不仅是为了满足业务目标 , 而且还是为了实现有效的工程 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路布丁确定了它使用的阴影 , 但认为任何混淆类似的阴影都会影响贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	因此 , 您可以去一些论坛 , 学习一些以上恒定颜色的信息 , 这个论坛涉及到哪个网络平台更可靠的论坛 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	分配 。 您可能不会分配、子认证或否则在此协议下转移任何权利或义务 , 通过法律或其他权利运作 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物所有权在中国正在增长 , 藏族大规模是那些想把财富传播到股票和房地产的时刻 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应当充分提供 , 大学培训应该是我们普通国家的任何一节课堂或种族的单一 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点探讨了原始日常保障中心工作人员的自我认同 , 并探讨了社会结构上下文对社会结构的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 自从1918年以来 , 观察家们没有用过 , 但实际上 , 瘦肉 , 是季节和吸烟完美的 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	大米赞扬阿富汗总部阿富汗监察员 , 作为阿富汗政府最大的雇主之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他拿下汤姆巡逻影 , 她看见一只山羊的眼睛-------------------------------------------------------------------
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	基于cagyue镜像分析 , 探讨了新媒体影响的幻想文学创造的新视觉 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 经典装饰品、完美展品 " 的质量产品 , 永虹重新定义了生活 , 完全展示了每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行正在敦促亚洲中央银行通过措施 , 直到全球市场转向补贴 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个nps也显示了显著的遗传性别互动 , 但他们的影响在男性或女性独自不显著 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	虽然在第二年 , 俱乐部是成功的 , 但部分原因是由于其协调者的能源和热情 , 苏珊·米歇尔 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	jy8g , 德国在法兰克福特发行的辩论 , 增加了希望投资者信心在全球信贷交易后可能会返回 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd中 , 根据计算机节点的要求 , 将数据重新分布到某些组中 , 所有组都是多位的 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	法国和平沿岸的两个不同 , 一个小型的 , 两个人潜水者 , 是jacquescocosteau的海洋船舱的一部分 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	在城镇的错误的一边 , 但仍然要穿着新型的丝绸 , 用美丽的匹配鞋子 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	现在投资者要求银行如雷曼和华盛顿互相提高资本或销售他们的资产来提高现金 , 并证明他们是解决方案的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼于2000年在民主党议会上发表了一个国家议会 ; 在民主党议会上 , 他是党副总统提名人 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	利用bp油泄漏的砂污染实验 , 该团队能在二秒内分离出砂中分离出水碳 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 由于在阿尔特斯水泥上卸载土壤上 , 基础基地可能存在危险的条件 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生给出了一个程序 , 给朋友提供了一个选择的列表 , 短篇文本消息 , 他每15分钟都是每一个15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	将你的空间与您的windows手机的运动传感器和对抗空间海盗的战斗与您的可升级武器 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	本方法可为其快速、简单、一定精度的推进剂粉末含量的测定提供一种新的途径 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	当它关闭目标时 , ekv将数据从xbrith上传感器和锁定到敌人导弹上 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利对冲增加了成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 但发明效益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	由于主人是电影制片人 , 他的客户是电影明星 , 歌手和名人 , 晚晚晚晚餐的晚餐段 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	泽西 , 胡萝卜 , 心脏 , 腰衣和类似的文章 , 编织或腐蚀 , 丝绸或丝绸废物 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	结合:任何涉及原子的交互 , 包括分子、离子、离子、晶体、金属、金属等稳定物种 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另一个是洛布洛利松 。 风破坏不仅能保护风土地和作物 , 还可以被砍下来 , 用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个完全背后 , 约翰·弗拉那根和杰克·罗宾逊昨天都很好 , 反对沃尔科特和萨米尔·纳斯里 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	结果表明 , 糖尿病、红细胞、抗肿瘤水平等因素是独立的 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	美学追求与新闻的各个方面有关 ; 作家编辑新闻的过程也是美学追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西南部的南宁地区的徐宁市6个县和城市 , 位于广西省西南部的喀斯特地区 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	其特点是:严重的条件 , 快速变化 , 更加震撼 , 易误诊 , 困难的管理 , 更加复杂 , 死亡率更高 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 爱东尼亚总理安德鲁斯·安普与中国外交部长李肇星见面 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹承诺在南苏丹实施全面和平协议 , 并在自由和公平的路上举行推荐 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种交通车悬挂系统的组成部分 , 特别涉及一种悬吊钢套 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使小山成为我们的国家鞋基地 , 我们需要做的是:一个:一个人 , 识别开发和创新的命令高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	最近 , 改善荧光化学已经使得最近使用更高的氟化学浓度不会导致医疗并发症 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	高敏度家庭历史的儿童更有可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及了新型精密度色谱介质在纯化和制备cobra神经毒素的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitel光干涉仪增加了肖像测量范围 , 其测量精度达到纳米水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省劳动保障厅楼主张德义乌中度 , 办公室生长了嘉雪白 , 使其成为重要演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	各种历史上准确的武器 , 包括机枪 , 巴佐克斯 , 狙击手和火焰喷射器 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	研究了一种含有多羧酸性组的水溶性硫酸黑色染料染料的染色和完成性能 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	给出了一种具有厚壁层的阳极氧化铝膜的制备方法 , 属于材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	序列和并行执行之间选择的理想阈值是协调并行任务的成本的一个功能 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区微观特征的差异没有明显差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面部问题是人体脾脏问题的反映 , 只有内部和外部治疗才能有助于解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是我国广泛市场需求的早期肾病坝化诊断的最佳和临床价值方法 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	2004年 , 李荷姆再次获得 " 最佳生产者 " 和 " 最佳男性音乐家2006年由金色梅洛迪奖委员会颁奖 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括电子商务店前面应用程序、社区网站、门户网站、门户网站、示例报告以及项目时间追踪应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度第二周的电影平均增加了14至21个新秀 , 相比第一周的电影 , 相比第一周的150个附加节目 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和保持者 , 礼物 , 陶瓷瓶 , 叶片和糖糖罐 , 固定桌子 , 面板 , 蜡烛保持者 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他打开鼓 , 演讲者 , 把牛奶 , 拿起来 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 用好的措施 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	李维特说: " 不要接近老板 , 因为他个人负责进一步的职业生涯 。
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	亚蒂拉 , 许多西欧的猎王和拉瓦格 , 死于一场死亡 , 死亡并不相当死亡 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	有一个视频共享能力 , 你可以看到其他人 , 虽然你的互动限制在视频附近的一个混乱的视频 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	改善了xerosis的一些主观症状 , 临床xerosis的xerosic严重分数和dermoscopic表现 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	很快就开始抬起来 , 当感觉逐渐与离合压力板相关的时候 , 就开始慢下降 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底层改革不能抵抗 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免对抗 , 这样它就像一个不可阻挡的浆子一样传播 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	阿姆斯花费了电影的其他地方来获得他的收入 , 让他的逃避 , 把他的小女儿从她的新教育家长回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则的值分配是应该在测试1中分配到一个机器的测试之一 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几周后 , 我们得到了几个星期 , 克里人想要我在会议上讲话 , 尽管它还没有清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	本研究的结果也可用于解决中国西北干旱区的同一盐问题和地球问题的参考 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	水晶化合物 , c6h12n3ps , 含硫类似的tepa , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	介绍了热量计的基本原理和热量计的基本原理 , 提出了一种热耦合热量计的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥位于中海沿岸 , 18公里东 , 位于意大利边界附近 , 并被法国围绕 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有人会改变世界 , 但放弃这些条约将约束基地组织的招聘池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周中午 , 富爸爸停下来 , 我们听见他的卡车在停车场上 , 发动机被关闭 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	该增加电压主要是电力线频率 , 其对电压计读取的影响主要依赖于正常模式拒绝能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南白惠贸易有限公司是一家主要从事细酒、进口葡萄酒、香烟、闻名茶和烟草的公司 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	试图让房间在任何床面上反映出来的食物对桌子上的镜子 , 以便收到 " 双倍的财富 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当骆驼完成的时候 , 男人拿出了一条金鼻环 , 两个金色手镯重量十公斤 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆的学前教师为例 , 通过问卷调查他们的工作负担和影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类似可能像清单1中的同步计数器示例一样 , 但相似性只是正式 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另外一个风险是 , 个人和商业账户将会混合 , 因为他们和沙门斯科尔一起做 , 现在正在继续他们的银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能导致一个设置爱好者使用非常长的鱼杆来捕鱼 , 而且也可以减少或设置 , 同时也可以方便地扔鱼钩 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 某些燃烧机性能较差的燃烧机械喷雾喷雾喷嘴比蒸汽原子化器更稳定燃烧 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这导致该服务生成的schema定义和soap消息是语言中性的 , 并遵循wsi基本概念 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建了您最喜欢的收集并经常使用的snippet , 并确保它很容易搜索和组织良好 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们在一个小时的基础上提供更新以便使我们的用户通知情况 , 直到今天在4pmpdt之前解决 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 膝外科医生仍然是一个挑战性的问题 , 重建受伤或重建的menicus功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些政治权拒绝纽约时报的任何东西 , 并且不确定相信福克斯新闻提供的任何东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管特朗普对中国的爱好关系 , 他的中国球迷相信他是美国人 , 甚至世界也是伟大的 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	同样 , 当地中国政府计划改善基础设施的大型设备制造商像卡特普拉·inc这样的重型设备制造商 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当谷物是地面 , 或者叶子被烹饪时 , 他们变得更加可消化 , 使得更多的营养因素受体体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找一个机会 , 让他的球队接近一个大城市学校的艰苦比赛 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上周 , 一些主要银行包括ubs下调了他们对中国的增长预测 , 大部分原因是因为出口将会减少 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热负荷集中在离散时间内的外部环境 , 可能导致锥形变形的形式 , 叶片波动可能会产生 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依据系统中多样的文档滤波器 , 可能需要添加一个检查 , 以查看请求文档是否是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数5000个应用程序都是用基于android的平板运行的手机编写的手机 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 深刻地分析作者的每个作者的作品 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室被保证为黄自行车锁 , 可以在仓库里看到的渔业价格玩具盒 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	针对生理信息融合的多维和非线性特性 , 提出了利用svm建立医学建模的方法 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	美国在1934年6月16日在伦敦的伦敦 , 美国网球运动员亨利·杰科布斯和沃特曼杯一起参加了英国杯 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党 , 布特托的党长说 , 一位联合国调查了她死亡的唯一途径 , 是达到真理的唯一 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场干预的产业组织模式 , 产业集群已提升 , 将促进经济发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸还呼吁维多利亚 , 允许在任何决定结婚之前与男朋友合作日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 尽管这些成功还是真正关注的 , 但他们后面的原因也是很高的 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将有昂贵的增长 , " cinic在一份声明中说 , 伴随着报告的释放 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个哈勃的空间望远镜显示 " 猫的眼睛内布拉 " 是世界上最复杂的 " 行星云 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管道系统 , 玻璃加固塑料组件 , 试验方法证明了螺栓式法兰关节的设计 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪士尼执行官说 , 如果他们在中国的努力成功 , 他们可能会在世界各地其他国家的英语学校举行 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	随着我们世界各地的许多美丽的地方 , 我们失去了选择 , 唯一的办法就是遵循心 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非其他城市地区的居民 , 同样有可能在富裕国家中对外国人来说 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位贵国yimithirr的演讲者被电影告诉他的朋友们 , 他在青年中怎么样的故事 , 在鲨鱼感染的水中被捕 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	有限数据表明 , ms0和tsr在平均值1:0.93的关系中 , ms0的值大于tsr 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	这种轻笑的性别游戏现在都有黑暗和有趣 , 更有创造力 , 更有创造力 , 更有创造力 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	要求nqae和qam确定是否需要额外的行动 , 并实施此行动 , 以确保计划审计作为标准执行 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	它还可以保护由ct的二次负荷变化导致的磁性约束杆保护 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 在稳态铸造过程中 , 紫外板的清洁度适应了两种生产工艺 。
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可交付的是一种可测量的、验证的工作产品 , 如规范、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联邦军方不再承诺再战 , 回到这份承诺 , 他们被释放在巴罗里 , 送回家庭 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	卡特帕尔斯在身体的后端移动 , 直到达到头部 , 把它推向前 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有来自多斯托夫斯基的故事的灰色摩西克地区 , 这是特色的黑暗和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可抵御的趋势 , 作者认为 , 中国经济和文化在全球化过程中将会受益于更多的影响 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过迫使他们回顾他的离开 , 诺佐先生可能会帮助最后一次改革:更透明度和会计性 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 。 我们有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特皮尔 , 丹尼斯 。 伯格坎普 , 詹斯·莱曼 , 现在又厚了 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们互相拥抱 , 斯托达德博士在汤普森先生的耳边 , " 谢谢汤普森先生相信 。 "
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	过度调度 , 压力 , 或者担心孩子经常不应该睡觉 , 睡眠剥夺有严重的后果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 他在印第安那州买了一家农业社区的土地 , 它吸引了农民、武器和知识分子 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过提高管理和错误管理的结合 , 名人安妮·莱博维茨在债务中发现自己是24毫米 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈文浩先生要求统一的思想 , 以确保各种工作的完整实现 , 以及各种工作的成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	近年来 , 早期人类的发现仍在中国和西班牙 , 已经怀疑 " 非洲 " 理论 , 但没有人是一定的 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他在庙里写了一个 " 小孩 " , 描述了他的生命和研究 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	在一代的法律过程中 , 给定的法官的报告很大程度上 , 整体的法律 , 然后从当前的角度重新启用它 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但他决定采取笔 , 抓笔 , 继续写 , 每句话 , 他要付普通人不能想象的工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	进口税率的 " 进口税率 " 是本系列规定的一部分和部分 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 这个城市和某些视觉私人开发人员开始试图改变 , 把商业空间改造成移民公寓 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主人家人清楚地了解时间/地产/地产/反对 , 并且当你想去旅行时得到同意 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	这样 , 在前苏联有很多平坦的建筑 , 在那里有公共厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	其次 , 有一些糖尿病患者可能受益于vandandia , 第三 , 患者可能希望保持药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	黄王后来承认假设数据使得这篇论文看起来更好 , 但声称一位同事把他认为细胞线是真正的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	它还保证应用程序后端运行的通常特权 , 因此您不必做出关键文件世界可编写的 , 这是一个大加 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	凤凰太阳首席执行官和总统rickwelts , 一位长期的nba执行官告诉纽约时候他是同性恋的 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	相关俱乐部的运营基金通过参与者收集资金 , 机构提供地方和体育设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	它是由莱德斯大学外交医学院的大学生简单地恢复的腿溃疡的 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王bhumibol的死亡意味着伊丽莎白二世成为世界上最长的主权君主 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四十四条订单人按照建筑企业合同工作的资格 , 应当适用此类资格规定 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	文章从大范围内研究了灵魂性血浆的培养 , 成功地预测了灵魂素a培养的全面前景 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 味着香味的香水浸入竹心深处 , 优雅 , 精炼 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	作者分析了钾转化器催化剂的毒性原因 , 提出了防止毒素催化剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	采用无完整的二极管交叉实验 , 研究了六个量子特性的遗传效应 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到纯粹的时候 , 却发现上帝只有我在债务中只有2个人 , 同时也没有看到福恩的图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种好办法 , 包括swot分析 , 评估你的市场 , 开发你的组织身份或简单的预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	走到古兰维拉酒店 , 还在广州 , 你会看到三个相互看着海鲜餐馆 , 彼此 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一套自动功率机械装置 , 一种自动调节可移动周期 , 一个后冲刷缓冲和提升阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文通过简单的缓冲不平衡形式 , 给出了两种不同功能的条件极端 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择了147个私营企业作为样品 , 通过因素分析 , 得到7个共同因素 , 分析了21个内部影响因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了乙醇连续生产的高效催化酵母和聚乙烯醇不均匀化酵母的性能 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	这样做有各种坏的后果 , 包括不良的性能 , 大规模的系统备份 , 决定管理 , 以及增加失败的奇怪 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种新型的实时语音质量评价方法 , 用feedforward多类随机神经网络对包网络的实时语音质量评价方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待的过程中 , 9个城市必须失去预测某个人在某年的幸运预测 , 这是一个球员和收入的过程 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血浆内皮素的变化与氧化氮和血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 大卫和金正看了戏剧的辩论 , " 红室的梦想 " , 沿着dprk的人从生活的各个走路 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同缝隙固定的强度 , 评价适当的缝合数字在牙龈重建中的应用价值 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	主要讨论了设计拱管时的负载情况 , 设计拱管的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁共振胆管胰岛素的诊断价值和恶性胆管梗阻的价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为 , 这大部分是因为男性有较厚的皮肤 , 这些皮肤隐藏了那些导致细胞的脂肪细胞的出现 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈论谁会从课程中获益 , 以及一些关于详细的主题的问题 , 我们将在本学期的课程中覆盖 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸速度快 ? 你的脉冲比赛 ? 你的手颤抖 ? 这些感觉阻止了几年的生命运动 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	在霍格胆汁激素rabtadapeedbovine试验室疫苗生产过程中 , 发生了疫苗的病毒性并未达到其标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	通过强有机酸含有活性氯的有机酸 , 介绍了氯酸原子中的活性氯原子 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我公司产品很好 , 产品在世界上销售 , 比如:东亚 , 我们在世界各地拥有大量的成本 , 日本 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是农作物生长的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和沙漠化在自然生态环境中 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这名叫解释他们的动机市长承认在城市西威利犯罪事件的媒体报告 , 他正在写报告平衡 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了中性硅密封剂的制造原理、性能、影响因素和使用情况 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五间卧室 , 现代家庭超过1500万平方公里 , 整个重新设计的家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个诚挚和迫切的问题 , 关于人是中年人 , 他不想浪费时间 , 而且你知道他应该怎样做 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语习惯成为美学的主体 , 对于出生吸引力、吸引力和社会价值的主体 , 成为审美价值的主体 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存行的简单实现可滚动 , 允许您在表示的行集中滚动后向和前向 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 作为我们本周的特殊报告显示 , 德国、欧洲最大的经济成就 , 告诉一个相当不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	呼吁api使用http请求的形式来建立服务进入点url , 包括xml数据的细节 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持初中和中学 , 除了英国和马来文化学科外 , 外 , 除了英国和马来文化学科外 , 还有马来西亚 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件 , xls扩展表 , 或者动态web页面 , 实际上没有打开一个ide并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 性选择性流产的影响意图在时间的过程中增加 , 不同民主特征对肥胖女性的影响不均匀 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育核心是培养学生的创造能力 , 关键在于教师指导和学生的参与 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾范佩西的新合同是在阿森纳温格的议会上 , 但他不希望这个问题在几个月内成为媒体肥胖的问题 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个</p><儿子主持者的美丽威胁了陈宇 , 陈宇最终不敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我在计划到陌生人看的时候做了我的家庭工作 。 我知道 , 用照相机建造的闪光照片很难采取好的救护照片 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	瓶颈炎和哮喘可以导致叶子和失去年轻的生长 , 通常在灌溉期间停止 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普遍条件包括人类思想质量和道德质量 , 科学上文化 , 劳动技能 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟对此表示 , 中央已经成了很长的计划 , 面对面临的最关键问题是广告承认程度的 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以向我们返回的订单 , 然而 , 客户将被每公园收费 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	价格承担不得采取或接受 , 除非mofcom已经做出了初步的确认的确定 , 由于这样的倾销和损伤造成的原因 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果紫色甜钾是由氰胺、三苯胺、马尔维素、马尔维素、胡椒素和甲基甲基酸组成的 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	了解不同类型的吸烟木材 , 为了制造酒吧砖 , 学习更多关于bbbq锅和火坑在这个自由烹饪视频 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳替代方式 , 动态 , 地理长期 , 纬度 , 纬度 , 纬度 , 替代方式 , 云覆盖 , 大气透明度 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴刚曾经说 , 碗形状会帮助观众集中在容器底部 , 集成人们和结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比西方最关键的玻璃海洋 , 在美国南部最南部的尖端 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统巴拉克奥巴马在这几天的时间和公众出现 , 改革国家卫生保健体系的一个问题 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	测定了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和灰的成分 , 测定了铁粘液和泡沫的营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我读到这个消息时 , 我完全震惊了 , 然后我回来了他昨晚的时候 , 他看起来像昨天那样有些样的表现 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为城市特色 , 资源城市已经在建设整个工业和国家经济体系中取得了巨大的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了当地硫回收过程的基本原理、工艺流程、工程特点及工程工程实例及其在我国应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果您已经使用过的railsactasau验证了 , 您知道一个loggedin用户将与会话内部的用户设置相关的值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	迪恩斯坦解释道 , 即使在睡眠期间 , 在一个典型的大脑中 , 即使在某些模式相关 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一个可移动的观测塔 , 可以用来直接导致喷雾器和火箭的火箭 , 而坦克正在一条弯曲的位置 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种设施 , 如污水处理厂 , 鼓励科学家工作 , 更好地减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	虽然他们风险被提醒 , 但中国在网络上发表的声音表明 , 这里公众的意见已经准备好了一些更加复杂的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	纽兰拱廊 , 看着他的酒店窗户 , 坐落在巴黎街的国家大厅 , 感觉到他的心跳与青年的混乱和渴望 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	本:是的 , 许多人住在那天晚上 , 电视上看到人们走在长江的街上 , 欢呼地挥舞着国家旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 谢志明还尝试最好的帮助赫敏 , 负责推动整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然配件的身体也可以注意到更小或更大的女人 , 但小的调整可以提供更多平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	清楚地 , 管理水平不同 , 无论是海岸基础或海域 , 都需要不同的知识水平 , 以及意识到项目的知识和意识 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	今年早些时候 , 政府允许沙利亚法律被武装极端分子抑制两年的攻击 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 他补充了这部电影的英语代表 , 虽然有七个人只展示了其2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	据daly报道 , 一位苹果代表在电话告诉他 , 该申请拒绝是由于它的 " 政治负责 " 的 " 自然 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	建立了一套科学综合体系的科学基础 , 为进一步实施后科学教育教育体系进行综合考试 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	也许最重要的是 , cd19l甚至杀死了那些高度耐药的白血病细胞 , 以及两种标准化疗药物和辐射 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	该系统将使战士使用手持电脑 , 请求全面的感兴趣视频 , 如嫌疑敌人职位或敌人领土 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 毫无疑问 , 最聪明的美国主义 , 使用和认识 , 甚至几乎不知道另一个英语的人们 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织保持周明阳在交通政策的结束时 , 为了便利生活 , 她将回家搬到中国东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男性的完美浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了对泥泞性的美德 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的过程中 , 几个星期里 , 告诉我们完全恢复到目前为止 , 目前为止 , 有必要教会一天早晨 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	该方法使用纤维素凝胶 , 暂时支持大鼠心脏细胞 , 在纤维素断裂之前 , 细胞组织成组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了建筑能源节约和节能的窗户 , 目前对低叶玻璃是目前最好的一个角色 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们的年龄 , 突变的数量开始排除系统的修复能力 , 以及米多诺德里亚开始弥补和死亡 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一个独立的全球分离研究 , 看起来像小透明昆虫 , 从7 , 000到14 , 000种被称为 " 物种 " 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的业务是非常紧张的 ! 经过试验完成后 , 看看我们的上线是如何有这样的 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类语言的重要生命 , 血液在很丰富的术语上 , 如能量、情感、艰难等 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格刚起床 , 谨慎地抓住妻子 , 所以不要破坏贝特哈 , 因为他已经付了一个圆的总结 , 他亲吻她的嘴唇 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	国家油井瓦尔科已经开发了下一代的项目 , 将培训和开发高等大学生为未来的领导地位 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路、携带乘客和货物 , 是铁路的主要任务 , 随着社会的发展 , 铁路对铁路的需求越来越高 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持一个希望的项目 , 对于她丈夫来说是重要的:从他的衬衫里制成的 , 枕头从他的身体里制成的 , 他的洞里one球 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文介绍了世界铀资源、其在一些国家的分布和变化 , 通过在2006年出版的红书的信息 , 介绍了其在一些国家的分布和变化 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华尔宁波计划在专业、动物和消费市场开发国内市场 , 我们希望更多的人参与我们 , 明天我们将会更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	周五的一份独立报告显示 , 消费者信贷上涨20个月后 , 下滑20个月后 , 消费者信贷上涨 , 这可能会为支出提供良好的支出 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者的cgmsi和csi可以得到有价值的信息 , 并提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiphop社区已经从普通音乐集团获得了股权投资 , 并未公开投资的财务细节 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但是城镇规划者 , 热烈地试图把资本转变成现代、有效的、高效率和宇宙的城市 , 已经成为历史上大多数人 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	字母:页面像posts , 但 " 生活在正常的博客色彩 " 之外 , 因为你提醒您在访问管理页面子页面的时候 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国婴儿有效早期学习项目是一个完美的多元评估体系 , 与评价制度和教育过程结合 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	此外 , 提高了rpuf的压缩强度和模块 , 从耦合代理出发 , 提高了rpuf的兼容性 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了日本建筑师肯戈库马纳设计的 " 竹墙 " 的维拉 , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 做一个立即模式比注册3 , 并存储0的结果 , 与ceqi4美元 , qi$4 , 3 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	星期日 , 观察者声称 " 茶党的愤怒在联邦开支规模上升 , 尤其是在银行中破坏银行 " 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 在上世纪90年代末 , 许可证样品已经变得如此昂贵 , 许多拉普尔人开始创造回归跟踪和声音来自斯科特克 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	如果检测早期 , 黑色素瘤的5年生存率约为98% , 但在先进阶段检测的时候 , 可以低于15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但在几年来 , 加拉德里尔的过去后 , 出生了几年的庆祝 , 他的皇家的婚礼 , 和埃尔罗德的儿子一起去了 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日晚 , 智利总统与外交部长唐在智利参加东亚初选论坛 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在手套的背侧是数百个rinestones , 这个手套是流行历史的重要组成部分 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 中国的破产公司正在增长 , 这些合作伙伴在美国销售的时候 , 美国的销售比斯坦更少 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评的有机形式是由 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机整体 " 和 " 相反 " 统一三个概念组成的 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下列命令将创建 , 在体积组测试中 , jfs2文件系统使用点/fs2安装点/fs2的jfs2文件系统 , 并且只读取许可证 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨白蛋白6和白蛋白18水平的关系 , 探讨风湿性关节炎的综合分化 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	电磁搅拌系统的电磁搅拌系统现状和问题 , 马山铁钢厂第一钢厂的钢轧制系统 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线继承 , 等于性别之间的遗传 , 建立个体属性的建立已经成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱的完美状态是单一而孤独的 , 就像花朵传递的花词:在夏天保持记忆...
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	华北盆地位于中国南部吉林南部 , 是一个半格拉伯盆地 , 位于邓湖南断裂北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	本单元具有两个128加仑混合罐 , 一个30加仑保持热器和一个flang的进口式进口腔槽槽泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理多元主义 " 经常表现民主的公共文化 , 但现代主流思想是经济主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种化学评价模型 , 基于更新大气分散算法和相邻的方法 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的分配需要仔细考虑 , 但如果做到正确的通货膨胀将不再成为关注的问题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作方案 , 根据ct和超声图对车辆检查表进行手术指导 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	所以当然 , 所以当然 , 耶和华必死于剑 , 由于饥荒 , 受害者 , 在那地方 , 你愿意去 , 去享受 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	通过对数字转换器的集成模拟公开 , 包含一个延迟锁环 , 同步到参考钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸称 , hkma将通过交易基金来增加其在两个欧洲首都的暴露 , 投资汽车hkma管理 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股票最近的股票回报使房屋预算再生压力 , 标准普尔500指数今年7月下跌了约4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	另外 , 他还限制了非政府组织的限制 , 这些限制了海外运营和收到美国纳税人从执行出产的资金 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊情况防止这种情况 , 它可能会与国务院证券委员会批准安装 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	一般相对性 , 时间被认为是高度、宽度、深度等尺寸 , 创造了一个叫做空间时空的四维宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	很少人习惯于早些时候 , 由于检查自己的心脏比写简历更困难 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统弗南多·卢戈的发言人说 , 尽管被诊断为淋巴管癌症 , 他仍然会继续办公室 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	许可人应当确保项目设计、建设和运作按照电子报告所包含的信息和建议进行 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型的时间长 , 消失自然缓慢 , 如果有重复的rash , 可以显示出常见的蛇类 , 安全状态多 , 更为安全 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , 牛牛牛加入了emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家签署的国际经典音乐品牌 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是在我的经验中 , 基础uml语言超过足以纪录大多数软件密集系统架构的基本要素 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我想如果我在晚上做一些有氧运动 , 它可以帮助我在15am期间提高我的能量水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从第一天的治疗中 , 小鼠pmn的化学物质开始降低 , 大剂量的剂量组的作用比小剂量组更大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	在芝加哥会议上 , 最近从西门人网站消失的芝加哥会议上 , 从来没有讨论机器使用的具体地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可变线性回归数学模型预测火灾传播 , 监督防火 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法采用自我抑郁规模、自我抑郁规模、自我抑制焦虑规模和自我制度问卷评估245名学生 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	劳里亚先生告诉法院说 , 我们不应该通过这个过程来贡献更多的努力 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	牧师是一种聪明的精神科学家 , 出现在浮动大脑训练一群怀孕的帐篷 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司的新飞机需求将在未来20年增加五倍 , 需要超过2 , 000架额外飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看见神的惊奇作品 , 听见神从新加尼的雷声 , 他们在正义的恐惧中遇到了恐惧 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地区 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 一个被称为保守教师教育的阶段 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当爱登出生时 , 他被给予抗生素清除肺脏的过多流体 , 尼古医生建议我们允许它 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微气氛从约翰尼走廊瓶子里放出来 , 鼓励我的想象从它的浏览中出现 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一棵小树时 , 他们听到了一大片漂浮在头上 , 路边的草地里一片漂浮着 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外有一些疾病每天吸烟10多个或酒精 , 还有生殖炎症 , 无法使用流产药 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预测1 , 今天可用于下载的下载的第一步是本地html5支持的第一步 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革应该结合以后的培训 , 使学生能够提高思考的整体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有耐腐蚀性、耐热性、耐磨性、无磨性、绝缘性等优点 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	该控制器已应用于纺织染料机多功能电动驱动同步控制系统 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论5例杀虫剂量可用于我国cx.pipienspallens的耐药检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	大多数情况下 , 目标是在午夜最后一次中风中吞下所有葡萄 , 但秘鲁维亚人坚持在13个葡萄上进行好的测量 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短代码进行同步信息 , 克服了快速调频的相关代码传输困难 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是需要描述服务方向与服务方向的技术架构之间的关系和区别 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这种类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件传递到 , 这使得难以回溯到原始的问题来源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是新兴的mbasedbisdn和adsl的出现 , 是不对称数字订阅器循环的缩短形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组装水处理细胞是可行的 , 应该受到水采集和节水灌溉工程的欢迎 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 学校的某些类型积极寻找沃尔多夫毕业生作为潜在的学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	本周在夏威夷举行的高级官员会议 , 亚太太平洋经济合作论坛apec年度峰会 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	还讨论了城市环路建设的功能、阶段表演的必要性和环路路路的站点 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多用途组合普鲁克可以结合培养、松散、实现空实体共存培养方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	孙先生强烈推荐的是shinaian , 揭示了他在当时男女和女性之间平等的先进概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	有些本能已经开始了 , 他们把他们的背部转到火车上 , 开始从草地上跳过 , 他们的运动就像任何球员那样漂亮 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	精神病毒:在双盲、交叉研究中发现 , 比甲基酚类化合物治疗一组高活性儿童更有效 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国的业务中扮演了重要作用 , 进一步 , 它对国家经济产生了巨大的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您的收藏 , 保持文明的作品和收藏卡 , 你的收藏行为也是作品的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每天看到他们平均的性经验从2.7到4.5个月增长到4.5 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江源地区燕昌地区的低渗透性变化4+5储层具有良好的油气勘探潜力 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	研究将探讨是否采取加利胶囊能否能否破坏病因伪单胞菌的通信系统 , 以防止疾病持续 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于亚层储层的特殊地质特性 , 引入化学代理的通用方法不适合亚层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	玛丽说: " 我并不说我们看起来是女人 , " 她说 , " 你不必是贫困的 。 " 我总是记得那样 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	据说 , 这次革命可能会被禁止或被劫持 , 这种艰难的努力者和奥古拉特人一定会在日底结束 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	虽然iq和个性测试可能不会直接关系到fechner的想法 , 但他们的精神是相同的:测量 , 量化 , 以了解其间的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	但是 , 沙盒有墙 , 如今weibo并没有与外国玩得多 , 并且对一个严格的监控和监控政权进行检查 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	嗯 , 这是一个非常大的电话 , 如果你看完整的日子 , 你会很难抑制 , 找到一个关于我前面的正面故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobraddock意识到 , 在线订购杂货的最大障碍之一是消费者不能检查和触摸可行的食物 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每个病人治疗 , 每年的预算预算有很大的变化 , 在总的ntp预算和总成本每年的总成本都有所差异 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 通过发明一种具有摩擦压力和液压压压压力的复合压力 , 制备了改进 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	本月 , 印度议会的议会辩论 " 人口稳定 " 的标志 , 大多数年来忽视这个问题 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究格里菲斯大学视觉媒体的研究 , 并为格里菲斯的格里菲斯提供了一些有趣的注意力 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在scoreboard , 几乎所有人都离开了站台 , 哈克回到体育场 , 在停车场里得到了很多车 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	虽然目前的数字可能会建议一个步骤 , 但分析人员说 , 他们并不是中国贸易中的一个自定义指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译在编辑的 , " 一篇文章关于sina.com的翻译 , 一个流行的web门户 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	我们分析了反垄断机构的四个主要模型 , 指出有效的权力对抗垄断权威非常重要 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗跟踪 , 但当他或她看到的时候 , 这经常缺乏作为一个手段来做出利润 , " lucnoel博士补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	更多的是 , 园林地区、农田、居住地和工业地区的增长将得到其峰值 , 然后降低稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbbc报道 , 7月24日 , 德国西部德国杜伊斯堡的西部的爱人舞蹈音乐节中至少有19人死亡 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象能让我们任何东西 , 即使是一个爱尔西亚综合征导致不过度的行为 , 文学可以让我们任何东西 , 并且让我们放在任何地方 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成后 , 他把旗子拿出来 , 很高兴地擦了嘴 , 一些圣威尔的中国年轻人像14岁 , 少数人比25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年 , 位于太平洋的西部一城市 , 成立于1537年 , 是秘鲁最大的港口 。 人口264 , 1333 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人找到一个融合 , 我发现这座考古的超级城市很难做出这样的案例 , 没有一个古老的莫斯基 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经历一个困难的时候 , 试图学习外语 , 同时适应完全不同的文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个人为狐狸而最终在森林中丧失了 , 他急忙地走过 。 在黑暗的时候 , 他遇见了一位老妇人 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	一个环形的岛屿 , 拥有一个中央的拉戈隆--------------------------------------------------------------------
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	凤毛覆盖了鸟的身体 , 紧密关闭的葡萄酒产生了翅膀和尾巴的空气动力表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	将一个业务对象映射成另一个在异构系统之间的协调 , 甚至作为正常业务逻辑的一部分 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	然而 , 有时 , 低铁店里的疲劳干扰 , 特别是在20和30岁的女性中 , 他们不吃大量肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 该设计合理 , 运动可靠 , 通过这些硬化链接组装的链性能达到世界上高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了缓解沿海鸟的栖息地压力 , 需要在核心区边缘建造水流池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	infoq:看起来你希望你的视频编码已经越近了 , 因为谷歌宣布他们正在下降264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	马当娜 , 切里·布莱尔和贝克汉姆斯都搬到了沉默的南西 , 那些威胁在国内生活中升级 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	装有一个夜间vfr航空系统 , 设备来自伦敦或花园 , 回到您的秘密目的地也会更容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	酒吧和咖啡馆里装满桌子 , 家人在晚餐后停在这里 , 或者乘客 , 为一杯葡萄酒 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	据陈西说 , 赵普林的高级顾问陈秀 , 公司不能在经济衰退中产生利润 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界上最大的矿业公司的发言人rubanyogarajah说: " 我们不需要从欧盟获得批准 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市指数 , 房价和低通货膨胀 , 当然还有更多的饲料银行家 " 和借贷者的夸大幸福感 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是教师职业发展的重要基础 , 在教师工作中发挥不可替代的作用 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	还有打击其他体育场 , 20岁的比赛在前面完成了 , 比如把罗恩、natalieportman和salmahayek一样 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们得到有意义的结果 , 我们还证明了网格指数实际上是在后一节中开发的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	比如 , 在短期市场上涨 , 许多人指出宠物利润 , 股票显然很明显的波威也希望防卫 , 甚至覆盖地位 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者似乎没有确定 , 在周一交易中 , 他的股票下跌了9% , 但在经常交易中 , 然后再次回弹了17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意 , 阿瑟不会在达文裂缝工作 , 因为他有一个与阿莫斯·迪格里的讨论 , 他已经有一段时间了 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公室层次不适用:像法拉这样的经理 , 谁超过数百名艺术家在大片上 , 是无根的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	目前 , 只有在空间通信中进行16qam实验 , 其16qam是由传统的方法制成的 , 其数据率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜修复是用小切口、望远镜和皮片固定眼泪的一种技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	我父亲曾经告诉我 , 这是因为他们都是因为自己的家庭财富和过去的 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	对于一个俄罗斯舞蹈主题的调节 , 玩家将聚氨基诺变成另一个来清理董事会 , 实现最多的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	" 您 " 的哭泣说明完美适用于公园的大峰、广阔的冰川和令人印象深刻的瀑布 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达式是真的很普遍的 , 在那时刻 , 我不知道他是否是一个前世的老人拉腿 , 或者他是否真是个简单的 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案是不错的 , 直接影响建筑的投资和周期 , 并确定建筑完成后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及荧光塑料衬底制造和应用技术 , 尤其是一种氟塑料衬底复合产品及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:探讨板层生长因子对不同根表面附着和增殖的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	革命的首都平壤 , 革命的首都被破坏 , 社会主义的公平场所无法折叠 , 大大地改变了这个国家的看法 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	通过高温显微镜和xrd的方法 , 研究了含硫酸盐水泥克隆器的批量过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变量指令、多个地址格式 , 并且只包含一个小量的通用注册程序 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	诚实而言 , 大多数人都没有与课堂的内容做 , 因为我们教导了密歇根热量1所大学的同样的东西 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自1979年中国重新启动金融信任业务 , 信任产业经历了六大改善和改革 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察肾小儿哮喘的新生布德森德悬浮液的治疗效果 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南utes和联邦政府确认的所有bp错误 , 并且大多数人对皇室支付没有影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	在逃离婚姻之后 , 她的父亲试图安排 , 她在荷兰找到幸福 , 但失去了一个密切的朋友 , 被穆斯林zealot谋杀的朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过他们完美可见的机制 , 建立在天空的原则上 , 虽然故事中只有五个 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	但是 , 公司通常不给慈善 , 它并不贡献政治运动 ; 它不应该是 , 理想的 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	现在96岁的祖母billye贷款了他100美元的首次业务 , 一个消防工作站在第8年级的建立 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖泊食品机械厂是一家专业生产自动化管理机械、凤莞机械、抛光机械业务的专业生产 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理贝尼特斯赞成了史蒂文·杰拉德 , 为了提高对他的婚姻问题的背景 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	cuimadam的观点非常完整 , 精确 , 还有一些重复的好奇的李兴问 , 要求对牡丹那么多的烦恼 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了企业分布资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐述了解决技术的结构和实现 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	需要加强 " 三农村 " 的支持 , 即农村经济、农村发展和农村民主制度 " 的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了圆纹光长波动的影响 , 假设是一个算法随机过程 , 分析了光纤环谐振器 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文利用概率学和非概率学方法组合来描述影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	用霍尔、氢阻硅油、六甲基硅烷、d4合成需要的氢硅酮油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨胰岛素总皂甙对急性心肌梗死的痕量元素及心肌超微结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨t抑制剂细胞功能的变化及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们一起回到一起关心管道 , 垂直平衡的老姐妹普通时说话没有人太大的挑战不听 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	在荷兰西部和东部的战斗中 , 通常在荷兰运营 " 市场园 " , 以及阿伦斯的攻击 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章讨论了辽朝资本城市体系的相关问题 , 包括周州市与辽京之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但奥巴马总统的预算总监彼得·奥斯扎格说 , 共和党人只是在他们对总统的税收建议上错误 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	后来的力量要求不用:它盲目地工作:在表单缺陷的情况下 , 内容也是有限的 , 意外的 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她通过穿t恤衫运动她最喜欢的比赛 , 让她的时尚主义者的声誉 , 通过运动她个人化的航天咖啡 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本书中 , 《成功的新心理学》中 , 斯坦福德心理学家卡罗·dweck给我所描述的一个名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称为了成为任何更聪明的人类大脑需要大量额外的能量和氧气 , 我们只是不能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月222日监管员星期五在美国银行购买了五家银行 , 在预计将成为银行失败的忙碌年 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构今年预计 , 全球石油需求每天增长400万桶 , 至86500万桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也受非印刷报纸读者的访问 , 认识到视觉、声音和运动对数字新闻经验的重要性 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近的公众评论中 , 温先生承诺在中国保持外国业务信心 , 并与国际执行官进行更加规律 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果时间器在分段的数据被承认之前 , tcp假设分段失去或损坏 , 并发送重新传输 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	由于它返回了一个与名义纳米二分辨率的结果 , 它是自然的 , 认为它具有同样的精度和精度的限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	结果 , 通过球对你的前锋发布了一个比完成二次方程更多的成就感觉 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司的数据 , 该公司进一步扩大了其生产能力 , 其年度生产能力达到2008年12月5700万吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真结果表明 , 该仪器大大提高了l、c和r参数的测量精度 , 并得到了较好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入社会头 , 每个人都鼓励帮助我们自己的校园内的社会建设活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还证明 , 他们可以分离整个培养的肠微生物群落 , 并创造一个 " 个性化 " 的细菌种类图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在重建过程中 , 锁板固定构造仍然必须从全重轴承保护直到联合国签署的迹象是可见的 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还有关于迈克尔·巴拉克的健康问题 , 但西蒙在周二开始就开始减轻穆里尼奥的问题 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	申请党的律师和律师的律师 , 在下庭文件简单中赢得的律师 , 或是写出的论点 , 与诉讼法院 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	无论他们是否会对客户端动机进行改进 , 否则会有意义地演化过程 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金使人更敏感 , 减少身体疼痛 , 减少社会形势下的损失 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置缺陷位置来隔离与树脂砂接触的熔铁 , 成功避免了缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 符合zte的手机、团结、贡献、努力工作、微笑服务和客户关怀 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周不会改变 , " 舒切特强调 , 解释了那些实验室数字外的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 青年已经睡觉了 , 我在银行上 , 我可以听到所有东西深刻的音乐 , 天空向我开放 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场对手 , 她失去了四次 , 赢得了一次 , 这场比赛过于回到2010年 , 这场比赛的比赛 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	马登纳说: " 我想有一个孩子很长的时间 , 但是我没有试试 , 只是把它放在那里 , " 这是那些奇怪的惊奇之一 。
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过骨颗粒中多层有机矩阵网格 , 表明矿相与有机矩阵有关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例患者有虚假阳性结果 , 包括11例自治不平衡 , 9例高血压 , 6例糖尿病和6例疾病 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另一个故事从来没有证明 , 是 , 帕诺达对英国的兴趣严格是家庭的 , 参议员有血腥的关系 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了影响dmus的一些有效途径 , 为决策和科学管理提供了参考依据 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果是谷歌地图 。 当公司裁判了120kb页面大小的时候 , 该公司开始增加30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑毅也说服了保卫人 , 得到女孩 , 诚挚 , 诚挚地印象她 , 并不要用非法的应用 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	该方法甚至允许您在飞行上修改验证规则 , 因为所有pamaware程序都开始应用新规则 , 不需要在代码中任何变更 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但我坐在我的山里 , 巴巴巴尔人仍然在他们的数千人中 , 还有几个人敢敢于杀人 , 知道他们肯定会死亡 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	所以三季长袖在顶部和心脏器上部是一种很好的方法来掩盖上臂和上部的手臂 , 但同时也不会有些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	介绍了一些相关概念后 , 重点介绍了广东电信工作流技术集成业务支持系统的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	虽然汤姆意识到 , 他将会在销售会上公开显示烦恼 , 但他不能与客户的不合理的需求展示 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对论文的一个非常好的机会 , 它立即攻击了政府 , 他们称之为非法干涉和他的破坏 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找超越太阳能的行星 , 同事们的技术相似 , 用月球作为镜子 , 看地球转移太阳 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填满了这个建筑 , 它是一个完美的炉子 ; 门被烧了 , 地板烧了 , 木质基督不燃烧 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	fcdb的个人成员经常回答这个叫做武器 , 参与国有的宠物驱动程序 , 以使各种建议放在球场上 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 如何精确地评估你正在为你的产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 并且不仅仅仅是在大鼠洞中挖掘进一步的进一步 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公共演讲也有利于 , 如果他成功地和他的观众同意 , 那是一个自信的提升者和雇主 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在 , 这比在快速移动的世界更有关 , 在那里你的工作讲述了自己和ivy联盟信 , 在你的名字之后 , 您的名字没有匹配你的黑客能力 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	这说 , 有很多故事 , 仍然被探索 , 离开探索 。 要消除故事只是关于阿瑟斯和利克王的故事是一个很短的观察 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体系逐步建立 , 高等教育体系在改革下 , 知识经济时代正在来 , 教育服务是开放的 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc已经发表的威胁应该给国际社会怀疑其在民主政府领导的准备性 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	目前 , 在过去几年中 , 人文建设监督的政策已经被社会广泛接受 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	心理健康专业人士说 , 大多数受抑郁症患者都不适当治疗 , 因为缺乏心理医师和公共偏见 , 心理健康专业人员表示 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	还讨论了交互式多模块方法 , 实现了统一和 " 目前 " 的运动模型 , 加速了目标建模的运动模型 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:本课程教学包括医学知识、诊断、医学技能、检查课程、评估和测试 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	印刷行业的日益关注 , 如果我们可以使用密度计量和控制点色墨 , 或者在考虑印刷过程控制时 , 就会产生更多的关注 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在杨城三宝500kv电视传输线中 , 一种固定的系列电容器 , 用来增加通过线路传输的能量 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	路西尼亚和泰坦尼斯常被认为是姐妹船 ; 他们实际上属于两个独立的所有者 , 但错误是可理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但目前的h1n1流感真的很明显 , 人们已经通过流感病毒传播到猪肉、土耳其和牛肉上 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	我自己的愤怒者正与格兰维尔的愤怒者在一天的记录中竞争 , 试图从前一天开始击败28个鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr , 83岁 , 现在是他的儿子30亿美元的教练 , 比尔·盖茨基金会 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	而且 , 不仅是开发人员 。 由于burb对tom'illy的开放表示明显 , tim提到用户开源的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	上周地震发生后 , 北京仍有十万人死亡 , 中国已经在上周的地震重建了第一个蓝色印刷 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文提出了一种新的方法 , 结合目标转换因子分析和光谱图书馆搜索的方法 , 用于irdata混合材料的定性分析 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	原因是 , 具有声结构的知识基础 , 整个内容直接影响传播速度和专家系统的有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 随着液化温度的提高 , 催化剂量的提高 , 催化剂量和液溶率的提高 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了宋华河水系统的冰性能 , 抗冰性能 , 然后 , 研究了冰川断裂器的推进性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	紧张的城市、州和联邦科技部门已经是云面临的一些最快的组织 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是一个由孩子去门托多户卖的不昂贵的吸附盒子的卡片 , 试图为学校项目赚钱 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	由某些乳酸细菌制成的某些乳酸细菌制成的ogrt很少 , 可以将糖转化成长期类似的淀粉分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在规划经济时期 , 一系列生产区和住宅单位作为整个社区 , 建立了满足国家建设的需要 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划还会见斯特恩的其他配方 , 为一个有效的绿色刺激了建筑效率和可再生能源的浓度 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 鲁迅是中国最著名的作家 , 作为日本学生所需要的文本书 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单论述了敏捷方法的特点 , 并与传统的软件开发方法进行了比较 , 介绍了几种敏捷的方法mo 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近的100%的患者中症状的硬化治疗 , 囊肿的发生率明显降低或消失 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统操作简单 , 快速稳定 , 维护方便 , 界面友好 , 对于其流行化和应用有益 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智力分析师一致认为 , 中国的进步速度都是经济上和技术上的 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔法亚thalassaemia是世界上许多地区的遗传条件 , 特别是非洲和东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍主要脑系统损伤ct标志的分类 , 探讨其在诊断和预后中的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	模拟和实验表明 , 所提出的模型描述了压电陶瓷活性器的行为是有效的 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	在gtaw关节微结构中 , 奥氏体相对占主导地位 , gtaw关节的低温冲击韧性优于智能关节 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要中心孩子和孙子们的生活 。 寻找自己的社会圈子 。 这样 , 你就不会失望太多的预期 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	按照下列项目的绝对数量 , 应当按照下列项目的绝对数量确定有效的对冲部分 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公众是建设和加强电子政务和服务面向服务的政府的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的服装 , 要在圣地做服务 , 祭司的圣服装 , 以及他的儿子的服装 , 到祭司办公室的部长 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验分析了硅橡胶的表面处理时间对室温下硅橡胶释放剂的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾性分析30例盆腔地板功能适应治疗生物反馈疗法及护理的数据 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引法律 , 一个强大的内容由清楚、纯洁、集中思想组成 , 将开始吸引你的欲望的非常本质 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	为了重建心脏的3维动脉图像和心肌缺血区域 , 电子束ct的二维移动图像 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	将循环计数放在前面的例子上 , 将x添加到脚本的开始 , 以及一个评论 , 并且执行它 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究以饮食咖啡因消费为研究咖啡因摄入与肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用集成带来了多个应用程序和信息源 , 无需用户直接调用它们 , 重点研究应用程序与数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	全国气候变化最脆弱的国家都是:他们包括索马里 , 缅甸 , 尼日 , 尼日 , 塞里亚 , 阿富汗 , 阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润现在正在接近2007年的前提峰 , 但增长和稳定市场的差异正在增长 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	此外 , 如果机构确定一个成年或错误的婴儿公式给人类健康带来了一个风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	丹顿是一位强烈的消防品牌 , 一位具有广阔的记忆力的政治展示者 , 他的光泽的气象在拉拉尔举行了观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行的风格界面 , 许多商业软件被使用 , 是从一个年轻的外国手中开始不可思议的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母超级化疗法是严重溃疡性结肠炎患者的安全有效的方法 , 可以改善患者的组织学 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水质控制的高质量技术解决方案有关 , 从尖端到混合器 , 从发射机到淋浴头和发芽机 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩领域的数据结构 , 提出了信息树的概念 , 并提出了一种新的抗逆测量方法 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管痛苦 , 我会努力完美我的生活 , 不会对你们的爱 , 不会对你们不感谢 , 与你们不愿意 , 我玩10年的游戏 , 用耐心来演奏 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	法国花园的珍珠 , 由著名的三个兄弟哥哥哥哥哥哥哥戈尔在圣诞节上运行 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建课程设计的实施管理体系 , 是系统地实施课程设计和培训综合应用人才的前提和保障 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	阿尔巴嫩现在将导致一个挑战性的攻击 , 试图赢得个人机构 , 并保障大多数简单的大多数需要批准该协议 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一所警察大学的演讲中 , 朱马承认 , 南非有世界上最高的谋杀率之一 , 去年有18 , 000人死亡 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警方在中国云南省云南省和泰国港之间发现了超过920 , 000个amphetamine表 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	将军队送到非洲中部 , 在一个终极的穆斯基冲突中 , 是一个症状 , 干预主义的瘾君正在增长 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	试验结果证明 , qh4节能的能源海岸装置具有显著的燃料 , 节约了任何运动车辆和路径条件下的任何模型 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这种方法对clivus有点障碍 , 但可以提供广泛的曝光 , 因为涉及双边矩阵omy的方法 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三人意识到 , 人类是对天战胜的关键 , 因此改变了他们的刚性年龄 , 自从开始开始以来 , 他们已经传播出来 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	cubic的仿真系统分部 , 基于orlando , 生产和制造了2000年 , 包括它的现实和鲁棒的仿真武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法的基本思路 , 提出了地面结构安排的规定 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的规模远远远大 , 许多美国人认识到 , 根品牌改革并非临时修理 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅通过开发经济 , 使 " 社会财富 " 变得更大 , 而且在合理收入分配制度的基础上 , 还将其分布在合理收入分配制度上 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	在治疗250分钟压力下 , 阿帕格鲁斯的新鲜时间达到了1824天后 , 两次压力治疗25分钟 , 运行时间为15分钟 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	这是一个相似的塑料前面和橡胶的小板 , 作为79美元的非触摸模式 , 但有较少的按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	因为我们的团队需要用户连接到数据库并建立多个jbos容器 , 我们使用板来提高用户的特定信息 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	" 第一眼 , 这些光和粒子的相互作用就像魔法一样 , " 她说 , " 极性分子是量子光学的薄膜 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个邪恶的王 , 克劳迪斯 , 正在为父亲死亡和姐妹毁坏汉姆勒特的悲伤和愤怒 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论我们可以通过观察病理大片的观察 , 确切地发现循环边缘渗透 , 应该是术后常规检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	地面上没有任何伤害 , 盐浆 , 当喷气爆炸爆炸的时候 , 喷气的残余物从普城县内福机场下降了一些距离 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经历了相似的战斗贫困和追求发展经验 , 我们充分欣赏他们面临的艰难和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	将数据交换到客户端和服务之间的格式定义为xml的xml模式 , 显示在线咖啡服务的xml模式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题报道 , 一些美国媒体指控中国黑客进入五角洲网络 , 并对我们战斗机飞机的信息作了妥协 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 南非人口的平均水平只有9.2%的人口定义为白色 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了水果含有丰富的蛋白质、脂肪和碳水化合物 , 还有各种基本的维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	可以分别解释雇员工作满意度 , 工作性能49.38% , 效率为58.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	欧文支付的表现 , 年轻的进球 , 击败了邮局 , 迫使罗伯托阿邦德齐里从罗伯托·阿伯德里获得了一个优秀的救助 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	1920世纪初 , 民间化记者出现在20世纪初 , 日益增长 , 冲动是政治和经济体系的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双色荧光法和流动细胞分析法对不同布局时间、血液化时间、洗涤时间和洗涤时间进行了比较 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	命运已经把我们的两个世界级进球员抢劫 , 我们的灵感领袖jt , 信息翼锋罗本 , 以及影响中场乔科尔 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车音频和视频、tc机、智能仪、太阳能仪、太阳能电源、电动汽车、电力工具、军事应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	简单健康的詹米·威尔森说: " 每个月只有半小时才能帮助别人帮助别人能够做出真正的差异 , 以及他们的生活 。
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	鉴于保障公共卫生的责任 , 面对这种情况的倾向官员几乎总是在注意力方面错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在新兴市场和发展中国家的改革中加强了发展中国家的代表 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	《大家》 , 《大家》 , 《大家》 , 《大家》 , 《大家》 , 《大家》 , 《大家》 。
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对怀孕妇女的影响更紧张 , 但孕妇之间的死亡率更高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	有趣的是 , 我的朋友 。 ) 一些对jadedity的笑话 , 为了有趣 , 只有很多动作电影只是对一个玉米观众的吸引力 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	更多的抗议被遇到 , 当我们试图首先安装第六个战争时 , 作为斯托克霍姆大学物理学教授 , 然后作为董事长 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的是安全版本 , 但是我不认为历史上有一个单个案例 , 在那里 , 炸弹威胁被称作 " 和炸弹 " 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这意味着不同成员的空间环境不同的事情 , 米哈尔·莱布米欧夫说 , 一个退休的kgb和一个著名的冷战空间 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们还发现男性和女性工作者的方法几乎没有差异 , 建议在薪酬谈判中 , 职业驱动妇女只是 " 竞争性 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	它的软件确实有 " 北美的正确连接 " , 丹尼罗说 , " 虽然我们在欧洲和亚洲拥有我们的欧洲和亚洲 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	天然灾难 , 如洪水 , 热带循环 , 火炬和潮汐的瓶子 , 每年都发生在这里 , 几乎每年都有悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	soap<>cobol非xml变换可以与ibmwebsphere转换器开发 , 以便在getway处理策略中执行消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	结论:hbo与nimodipine结合的形态变化对高可循环性icvd具有很大的恢复作用 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际勘探方法 , 利用地震波实现的地震波来计算周围岩的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	虽然该地区的森林建设中存在很多实用和政治困难 , 但利益可能是巨大的 , 超过碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 一些新的:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等 , 从传统中国的意义 , 是完全不同的话 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻炼、润滑油泵喷雾、延长齿轮寿命 , 保证长期印刷色精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	青明节 " 河边景观 " 的著名图片也将在中国馆展示中国古城的魅力 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受的时候 , 这个知识的成果每次都被锻炼 , 它的权力总是被指向它的执行 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	不基督徒相信 , 终结可以证明这个手段 , 即使上帝的王国不够好 , 才能证明任何可能导致人们的危害 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高热热风隧道试验 , 研究了矩形圆形变换和前身高声波进口的研究 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果mutanolysin和溶液酶均能成功地解决双歧杆菌的墙壁 , 并从双歧杆菌中提取血浆 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨乙酮的疗效和安全性 , 作为对帕金森森病人穿刺式电机波动的治疗方法 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子膨胀阀的流动特性 , 应适应超热增益到不同蒸发温度下的冷却流量 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	11和索洛门为他的家庭提供了两千只小麦作为食物 , 除了两千个浴缸 , 还有两千只橄榄油的橄榄油 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定自2001年以来 , 在甘肃的欧盟基础教育项目下发起一些缺点的学生 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef的临床疗效和毒性作为当地先进乳腺癌治疗新生化疗法的临床疗效 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	为了加强组织和协调 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步加强医药行业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	这种喷气在动画节中可看到 , 每一侧印度颜色符号来庆祝这个国家独立的70年 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车、大型、小型货运车、箱车、观察车、观察车、无论是私人汽车或公司汽车都是上海贷款 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了物理变化对触摸屏外 , 触摸屏的技术也在移动设备上使用了新的软件交互 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择蓝莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 草莓酱 , 菠萝酱 , 酱汁 , 芒果酱 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行的发展面临着各种挑战 , 包括纤维化、企业在外国和发展中国家的竞争 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	它们在氯移植膜结构、颜色蛋白质复杂、电子端口部件的含量和光合功能等方面有很大的差异 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	探讨改性型tvp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 以及改性的融合蛋白质类型的改性和免疫系统的效果 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了影响桩壁类型大直径圆矩阵的显著参数对桩壁的稳定性影响 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	你们中有些人可能无法相信 , 相信它 , 有百万富翁和百万富翁 , 在我们之间 , 质量相对正常 , 钱意识的人中 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	1969年 , 前军队殖民地位于1969年在27岁的拉德时代 , 已经完全改变了他的形象 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	今天 , 史蒂文·杰拉德保存了利物浦的德比日胜利 , 并坚持红军的胜利 , 正在努力为最高的四个地方赢得比赛的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了防止大型细胞培养中污染的一些方法 , 包括人工培养、环境控制、无菌技术和材料管理等 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	左易不知道这次危险的话题 , 这并不好 , 请问一个用布鲁特品种的个性来出现错误 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	据他本土丹麦的报道 , 利物浦正在歌唱埃斯比尔的年轻人尼科拉杰·科尔特 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	南街18号法国信贷农业银行沙街60号 , 南街60号 , 陌生人通信是新古典作品 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	在思想政治和政治方面工作的大学咨询员是思想政治工作的基层指挥官和教育者 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct电流变压器是使用amter、控制电路和保护继电器的仪器变压器 , 通常有5个ampere二年代 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 就剩下几天 , 然后在一步的皮肤、干燥的水果 , 果肉 , 议会层和所有都是从绿色种子里扭转的 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声校正方法相比 , 中间和后冲击响应函数的非线性拟合比较 , 当snr相对较低时 , 影响响应函数更有利于snr 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	简介:小国和母亲给母亲给她的坟墓付了尊重 , 小国突然陷入bug洞 , 前十年 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务流程能力中心可以提供一个用于解决这些需求的中央存储库 , 并且在云中拥有它使得它容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	通过实验测量 , 研究了从上述计算公式中降低尺度模型的表面温度分布的结果与实验测量相对一致 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	聚合物填料作为聚合物填料的一种重要方向 , 降低了聚合物产品成本 , 提高产品性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	10月8日 , 迈克尔·波兰在纽约时报杂志上发表的一封信给总统奥巴马 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人 , 质量第一 " 是我们的宗旨 , 金子人将继续创造合作产品 , 我们热情邀请您建立未来的依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明 , 圆柱折射具有球窑中最好的抗蚀特性 , 因此在此窑中最适合使用 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 给我国市场带来机会和赌博 , 信贷已经成为限制社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在斯坦福期间 , 六艘美国战舰周围围围的种子船 , 以确保武器在挥发区域不采取其他地方 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	杂交特征明显显显显显示出母亲异常、果实设定日期、果实尺寸和颜色如果混合物种群往往遵循哺乳母亲 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但即使体重对利益的成本不完全回答气候变化的问题 , 也是答案的一个重要部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有新颖的结构 , 具有较强的耐久性 , 特别适用于各种各样的货车轮胎修复人员 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	辽南西部的大西部地区被称为萨莫吉利亚 , 这些阿森是最大的婴儿单位之一 , 可用于刘南军队 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了该模型的抗摩擦和噪声衰减机理 , 进一步展示了该新概念在未来的研究方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左颈部切口可用于颈椎癌和部分颈部切口术 , 进行上部胸部损伤 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	预计增长缓慢 , 预计联邦储备的预计可能会发起另一轮债券购买 , 试图驱动长期借贷成本下降 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了山西地区土壤水分含量及其在路堤的动力学和固定点的切割坡度 , 对山西地区内蒙古沙漠高速公路进行了研究 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会表示 , 今天美国大学教师任命的六十八%的六个百分之一都是调整的 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量计、集成传感器、转换器和集成器等 , 并对该点进行了展示 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	光线的部落代表了世界贸易中心的失去的双塔 , 它只显示了五年前对9/111次袭击的记忆之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该信任那些犯错误的人 , 以及自己的态度仍然不好 , 他们应该被剥夺到当前的排名和完美的排名 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制剂基因pten对人膀胱过渡性癌细胞bu87诱导的作用及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是波多尼 , 它的领导人一般是pica 。 卫报的电话总是在读者一直在寻找更多关于idyllic节日的信息 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	qcg系列常规罐管道安装泵用来处理清洁水或其他液体类似物理和化学性能的水 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	非常规的代理 , 例如 , 引起牛肉散发性脑病 , 与人类各种切割性脑病有关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	通过引入减压器观测器重建外部系统的状态 , 解决了ootc法的物理可实现问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	提出了一种在粗糙集理论中分辨连续间值属性的方法 , 重点利用分类可分离性的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	11月 , 中国空中防空系统在中国展示了强烈的重点 , 强调了出口市场的多功能武器 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔病人应该在安静的环境法庭中保护处理 , 可以使用tranquilizer来减少患者的痉挛、瘫痪和疼痛 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 应该nilmar作为替换 , 沃尔夫斯堡可能愿意降低他们的价格 , 减少他们的价格 , 减少了他们的收入 , 允许罗斯尼里警察 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动周期识别的并行混合电动车的自适应控制策略 , 并行混合电动车作为目标的 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	作为信任研究的多学科互动的现状 , 随着信任研究的多学科互动的不断提高 , 检查其哲学尺寸是不可行的 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	霍萨因和他的同事们的长期研究表明 , 坝坝在干旱或半干旱区特别改变极端沉淀模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿在后院对苏联影响的时候 , 美国南美政策已经减少了重要性 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 两个德国代理的捕捉发现了两种类似的代码 , 英国情报已经重复失败 , 声明的文件显示 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新的稳定添加剂 , 提高了含非基础氮化合物的fcc柴油的颜色变化和沉积形成 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	2007年第三季度 , 净收入从净收入从151亿美元下降到5400万美元 , 或是11美元 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	虽然英语最受欢迎的英语最受欢迎的字母 , 但它确实不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时报主席阿瑟·苏尔伯格周三拒绝评论 , 除了说 , 除了说 , 除了在新设备之外 , 纽约时间主席阿瑟·苏尔茨伯格拒绝评论 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	工作流的动态、活力、个性成为客户的紧急需求 , 用wfms应用范围扩展和应用领域不断扩展 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指部长到线圈里 , 迅速从工人中间抽出来 , 用水洗去各种成分 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	另一方面 , 麦克伦南感觉更多的控制 , 说她喜欢她的前任工作的方面 , 特别是钱和机会 " 与岩星一起 " 聚会 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	由于我们每周花了40个小时或多个小时 , 对于你的健康和长寿来说 , 你的工作的地方就像可能的那样有效 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	在使用odbc时 , 这是一个冗余的实践 , 作为应用程序的初始化 , odbc函数对于数据库系统来说是安全的 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在八年后回到巴基斯坦 , 在卡拉奇的到来过程中幸存了自杀炸弹 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分裂了糖尿病 , 给了半个安慰剂 , 用延长释放niacin , 一种药物在血液中提高hdl水平 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	嗯 , 你可以伸展它 , 说一个工程改善人类健康的例子 , 从一个地方到另一个地方 , 但这比我要伸展的更多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者周一表示 , 亚洲和欧洲的股市大幅下跌 , 道琼643.76点 , 或超过5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是我从网上找到的恒星配置的一个线索图 , 你更好地做这个 , 或者很容易被烧伤的esc结束 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	但是 , 佛教思想的研究比其他人少 , 尤其是大成七六元的内容和意义研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的规定 , 由sarbanesoxley在美国的sarbanesoxley行为鼓励 , 以及其他的措施 , 要清理公司行为将会是sarbanesoxley行为 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	你可以嵌入媒体来更好地说明自己的话题 , 提供关于自己建立你的可信性的信息 , 并与其他人一起协作来改善你的knol 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	本文介绍了mvc2的思想 , 阐述了基于mvc2的滤波和xml的创新 , 以及基于mvc2的访问控制管理系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史蒂尔接下来向cnnn宣布 , 林巴克的评论是独立的 , 丑陋的 , 促使林巴在质疑史蒂尔的能力领导党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更有可能参与城市娱乐中心 , 蒸汽黑色电脑 , 或者公共池里的一个喷洒 , 或者一个火液化剂变成了喷泉 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	运用这些参考 , 我国应该完成教育投资体系 , 为基本教育、加强教育体系的发展提供优先的意义 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它袭击了岛屿 , 杀死了两名士兵和两名民兵 , 因为南方忽视警告不要在岛周围的争议水 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:可以在基于整体战略的基础上实现创造性思想 , 我们可以从用户体验优化实现最好的结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 作曲家肯诺克苏格拉也被称为 " 超级机器人战争 " 第二次 , 没有法律行动的报道 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着我国的战略和领导产业 , 高科技产业吸引了很多fdi , 逐步成为我国高科技产业的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季 , aol表示 , 自己的成员将36%的独特的访问者组成了网站网站 , 但产生了80%的页面视图 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但是最后我们决定把它跳到巴克赫 , 沿着我们的路进入了同事安杰和工作 , 他们也在探索这座城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	改变加利福尼亚宪法 , 直到48小时后 , 物理学家通知小孩的父母或法律保护人员 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	早期出产的大多数胚胎可能是由于非正常内分泌核分裂 , 由于胚胎早期发育的 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理教育应该教授专业知识 , 使独立思维 , 培养生命学习习习习习习习习习习习的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总体战争特点是一个崭新的发动机 , 它将成为我们最新的发展的基础 , 首次介绍了全面的3d海军战斗 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生将能够使用这些课程中学习的知识和方法 , 并在未来遇到法律问题时找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论在角膜上皮下的乳化程度满意 , 以治疗由物理和力学因素引起的大鼠骨髓病变 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	乐观主义者冲刷 , 政治家总是在原始期间谈到人口矛盾 , 奥巴马先生实际上承诺自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	wii的模式与其它地方进行相同的设计 , 减少了您的发型选项 , 对于某些原因有限于一个颜色和三种风格选择 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本论文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律集体阻碍权 , 完全运动权利 , 才能有效地保护自己的工作权利和利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	同一联合国峰会上 , 奥巴马总统提出了强烈的流变 , 但在他面对国内反对的情况下 , 他面临着很激烈的国内反对 , 提出了碳削减 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿在2008年的民主提名中回来了几次 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部提高了一项实践 , 旨在希望实施、物质勘探以及今天的外部戏剧现象 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	从任何真正平衡的球员平衡输入信号将通过完全平衡 , 直到达到平衡的头电话输出连接器 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为世界大权力和各种政治的 " isna " , 美国认识到中亚是美国全球性战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	与aop的最常见的人是gregorkiczales , 目前在英国哥伦比亚大学的英国哥伦比亚大学 , 他在那里工作的软件模块研究 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	帮助类型的帮助可能在工作、方向、交通或其他支持下进行完整的工作培训 , 使得个人保持自己或她的职业 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	有一个场景 , 苏锦最后去了她和永敏住的房子 , 最后把她的所有东西包装起来 , 把钥匙放到邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元方法对电导混凝土对电导混凝土的外部环境影响进行了分析 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp经理说 , 他们经常听说 , " 假如 " 这样 , " 波图斯 " 作为华盛顿 , 为 " 美国总统 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2美国认识到国际机构、外国政府和其他人员的代表以及他们的家庭成员 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 由海关签署的相关进口声明形式 , 应当提交任何购买外汇汇的付款 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	本文以板体和壳体的经典理论为基础 , 采用两元有限反应产量条件 , 作为材料的产量标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	易晓忠说 , 中国与马来西亚和新加坡保持良好的经济贸易关系 , 三国是互相贸易合作伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	本月的专栏为ibm支持者提供了更深入的描述 , 包括最新的特性 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1例较好的cap岩石条件可抵御煤层甲烷散射和间接抑制甲烷吸收 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的图片显示 , 几十名学生在嘉凯体育厅内玩坏minton , 配备空气净化系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	图5说明了一个具有两个替代延迟路径的脉冲宽度生成器的例子 , 根据本发明的另一个实例 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是王福京购物区东部的一条街道破坏后创造的一个大道 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国国家议员投票回到新西兰的各种博物馆的16个马里斯 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国正在建立和平建设委员会 , 协调更有效地协调和平保持、后冲突康复和发展的努力 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系的劳动法、劳动法是劳动关系调整的主要原因 , 应该是一个具体的、狭窄的劳动关系 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师做了 , 他们会创造一个日本产品 , " 希特希·奥苏基解释说道 , 他总部是帕纳森尼的海外运营 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	甲醇素提供了许多水果和蔬菜的黑色颜色 , 比如蓝莓和红椒 , 它们是黑米 " 黑 " 的 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站说 , 几乎地震相关的伤亡结果从崩溃的墙壁、飞行玻璃和下降玻璃 。
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部的大分区范围主要由平原和高原组成 , 麦当尼尔沿着这个国家中心附近的麦当尼尔大部分是一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的新闻 , 一个微型计算机锁住其他地板的门 , 并设置回收容器转向右键 , 直到正确的盒子下 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	干旱在干燥年类型下 , 早期稻米严重 , 其强度和时间超过了正常年类型 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	大酒店拥有荣幸与高级副总统、高级副总统、销售和营销塔吉酒店休息室和宫殿会晤 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国很高兴宣布 , 它已经达成了一份协议 , 与部分贝尔德级和佐桑·托西克和阿德姆·鲁杰克加入俱乐部的球员协议 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我走过发展中国家时 , 问自己最大的单一解释是经济表现的巨大多样性 , 它落在这个领域 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前已完成了许多项目外震框架 , 但对于此类框架设计方法的研究尚不多 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是通过气体直接燃烧锂溴化锂吸收式冷却器实现夏季冬季冷却和冷却 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	我结束的身体位置 , 随着网球在我的射线和拳头之间的陷阱 , 与你的接触点相似 , 实际上在服务时会有什么相似 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	用扫描电镜对l929细胞进行了多孔壳聚糖膜和生物兼容观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚大学的精神意味着不同时期的意义不同 , 但秦穆的高贵雄心勃勃勃勃发展中华文化总是在其中得到了 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	美国夏天解释说 , 陶瓷是细胞膜中发现的一种脂肪类型 , 同时也是体内应力反应的信号 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司已经建立了其现金水平达到609亿美元 , 包括股权和其他投资3月份 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据报道 , 今年8月 , 由政治家和公众关注的官方失业率将上升至9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例手术切除术前小针吸附生物检查结果进行比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然地理景观 , 由人类作为一种旅游资源 , 我们称之为旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角度:它转变绿色 , 因为肥皂含碱 , 像盐水转化成绿色 , 被称为碱性物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着伴随着舞蹈的发展 , 社会的开放 , 永久的戏剧在唐代 , 永久的戏剧变得越来越频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车架是足板式结构 , 它舒适、方便 , 可以明显降低骑手的劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食物易于充分的感觉 , 通常会影响饮食 , 满足护理吸收的情况 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他于9月21日从温州到美国 , 由于中国银行和个人信贷人 , 在债务中留下了15亿元 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心表示 , 地震震量测量了3.8在富人尺度上 , 中心约80公里以南的悉尼西南部 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于拉开时 , 他的芭蕾芭蕾芭蕾芭蕾芭蕾芭蕾斯和腹部组织被从身体里爬出来 , 他不久就死在那里 , 他就死亡了什么阿布兹杀死了 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属框架复合房屋 " 广泛应用于石油、化学、药品、食品、储存和运输等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求编程工具集的短语必须适用于标准程序的标准程序标签 , 要求系统提供编程工具集 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	本课程要求基本问题如何在自然定量化的电荷 ? 为什么我们找到一个孤立的磁北或南极 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 路易斯安那海岸的路易斯安那湾的巴拉塔里亚湾深水平面溢油池上 , 一只死龟浮在一堆石油上 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论白细胞cd18水平和mpo增加 , 白细胞数量在大鼠岛体重复损伤中降低 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计将承诺150位高档参加阿富汗警察培训任务 , 主要来自中海国家的150名 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们认为 , omc的实施是欧盟的现实选择 , 尽管不足以帮助欧盟实现自己的弱点的健康保健整合 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文主要包括五章:第一章和两章介绍了vor的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们的背上 , 带着有限的时间去走 , 为什么我们能看到它 , 所有神秘的神秘保护 , 从基础硅的rampart ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	在10年以来 , 由于rgs的产量大约有10个 , 高质量的稻米品种 , 给吉林省带来了巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类广告 , 两者都在印刷和网上 , 来看看哪些是可用的 , 特别是邻居的速度 , 得到最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	在最近的一个独特的航空实验中 , 170个座位波音727被制造成在墨西哥索诺兰沙漠遥远的一部分爆发 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我告诉法官们 , 我们通常必须在日常生活中跳到结论的自由 , 因为这项试验的目的 , 现在悬浮了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	这确实是我所描述的是 , 这里的平衡 , 它是通过解析法 , 被指定为权力 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了雾成像多散射模型 , 并给出了基于图像模糊度的雾水含量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	本研究认为 , 作为一种具有良好的育育种和遗传系统的全国性昆虫 , 被认为是一种理想的模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机回到500英尺的1 , 500英尺 , 修改我的飞机速度 , 让我的飞机回到了拉拔中心 。 我在500英尺的时候我离开了500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者都没有提醒投资者的决定 , 比如液化所有低风险的政府债券 , 以便使绿色纸币只是一分钟 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的青年中 , 律师基斯尼奇经常与他父亲的政治和宗教一起冲突 , 但他也承认他爸爸的承诺帮助贫穷和无家的承诺 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果 , 大多数的表现 , 城市可以从事实上采取心脏 , 即使有10个男人 , 直到第二个进球进入 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该把这些iphone类似的 , 触摸屏屏幕wifi手机 , 用音乐和视频 , 真正的web浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 传感器 , 以及上面 , 应用程序存储 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果自动旋转km-5000d微机系统包括三个部分:微切割系统、双电子动力设备和控制面板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方的工作印象 , 盖茨基金会决定采用预防和出口模式 , 并在12个省的主要城市复制 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管今年早些时候 , 尽管美国错误 , 英国本月早些时候会加入ib.法国、德国、意大利和意大利 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	但另一方面 , 随着多国公司的内部贸易和内部贸易的增加 , 由于多国公司带来的业内贸易的增加 , fdi对贸易具有积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动图表将展示投资者如何在购买更多微软选项时 , 或者持有更少的中国股票 , 或者短短的油价 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	由于新英格兰医学杂志的冶金分析 , 他们和他们的患者对罗格利塔酮的心血管安全感到担忧 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	几种昆虫在攻击时 , 还有一些昆虫 , 包括贝尔和凯特迪德斯积极出血 , 但采取这种极端措施的好处并不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民事应用中发现广泛应用 。 介绍了空气生物的irst系统 , 并介绍了其应用实例 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 给出了石灰、石灰水泥和混凝土厚度 ; 最后的厚度将精确计算 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	能源价格周二减少了一点 , 油价每加仑每桶134.01美元 , 每加仑每桶4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	官方表示 , 虽然其所有人缺乏六个需要许可证 , 但在国有财产全面看待国有财产 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国的平均人来说 , 他们希望从我们可以学到的国家找到一些东西 , 同时 , 同时我们可能会被潜在的忽视或歧视我们可能得到奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州州长梅德韦杰夫在同一年的同一年中 , 就像父亲节一样宣布第三个星期日 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	世界上首席国际卫生组织发布的报告称 , 加快联合行动的发展和许可 , 加快了一个高效疟疾疫苗的发展和许可 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面对南方捕捉最好的观点 , 并且在下面2.5米高的地方 , 以防止玻璃到下面的房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	在这个时尚中设计线程安全类允许它在多线程应用程序中使用 , 作为一个非线程安全类 , 但具有更高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	1979年至1990年 , 美国生产力的最近几十年受到广泛影响 。 美国每年的生产力增长了1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是研究人员建议 , 如果未来的趋势继续减弱 , 即使在6月到9月的夏季季季季 , 即使在季节期间 , 就会有更严重的循环 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 文章还提出了南东省海河的再生和转型的实例 , 分析了其背景和课程的研究经验 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气通过传统真空喷嘴的大面积 , 通过工作过程 , 所以它的大型短缺是高压缩空气消耗 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	像霍伊尔先生这样的民主党人大部分谴责布什政府的赤字 , 这些政府继承了预算过剩 , 但与赤字留下的办公室 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了在公共网上出现的sparql端点外 , 其他人出现在火墙后面 , 可以轻松地查询企业数据 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据时间报道 , 总理托尼·布莱尔的妻子切莉·布莱尔在20世纪中期是一名火车律师 , 是一名画家 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	在距离战斗期间 , 战斗者从未出现形状或极大地跑出气体 , 但两者都倾向于在12周围的一半左右 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	结果可以通过数值和图形在开发的软件中显示 , 此外 , 工作界面很容易用于员工使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	现在您可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员验证来使用您的管理员用户 , 只留下wpserverid来使用服务器进程 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了一个mvc类似的模型 , 但您可以应用丰富的web应用背景对任何模型和页面设计方法的基本原理 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能会导致平均的收入 。 同时 , 参加持续好 , 许多俱乐部已经冻结或减少票价 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视上 , 一位新闻记者声明 , 副总统在历史上拥有最大的竞选战斗 , 因此奥德森最喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的双向性能 , 设计了一种双向高精度高精度高精度的高精度控制器 , 具有广阔的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	虽然fdfseries是美国去年最好的销售车 , 但在2010年最高的十个列表中有六个外国拥有的模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 在释放卵和肿胀后 , 一个愚蠢不开放 , 就会形成卵巢囊肿 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们只是像其他公司一样竞争 , " 公平场所conn.conglomerate最近在其网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	他在法国的一项调查中面对了他在2003年的性侵袭了一名年轻小说家 , 并且由迪拉洛夫人在纽约的公民服装 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合体系的热舒适性是最好的 , 凝结的风险比填充式天花板运行时要低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的是 , 他和妻子每月收到约600元 ; 在忙碌的时候 , 当产量跑到2点 , 他们可以每次回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和吸引力上扔几句话 , 信心 , 爱 , 爱 , 妥协 , 但除非你在他们身上行动的话 , 否则这只是单词 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论在周五 , 尼日利亚人被逮捕在西北航空公司的一架小型爆炸 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队已经尝试了过去的许多 " 偶像 " 风格选择展示 , " 金金说 , 他曾经是2007年最著名的 " 我的英雄 " 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们认为他们是非常相似的事情 , " 28岁的助理教授伊里克说 , " 他们都是创造性的过程 。
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的举措提高了猜测 , 他可能试图展示反对党成员 , 他在形成预算和税务政策的合作 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一家塔珀公司把样本送到那里 , 我不喜欢样本 , 然后我把样本送到了a/c , 现在我们正在做大业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	为了研究儿童rti与血锌价值的关系 , 35例rti患者的血锌价值与40例无rrti患者的40例相比 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择之后 , 主题会发现一个银色衬衣: " 用一条破碎的腿 , 我可以躺在床上看电视 , 无罪 。 "
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文采用宁波作为对象 , 详细的调查和搜索现状 , 提出了科技资源的科技资源 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	交通事故的损失是由非摩托车或行车的驱动机构引起的 , 运动车辆的驱动机不得承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金包装者 " 项目 , 因此政府将购买新的汽车来替换旧能源足够的车辆 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	本文对双共振参数振荡的阈值条件进行了分析 , 在信号光的吸收系数与散射光的不同 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人参观外国 , 甚至访问香港 , 我国的一部分 , 很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	2007年8月15日 , 支持者准备了大量的委内瑞拉总统胡戈查兹外面的委内瑞拉总统 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	通过计算机仿真方法 , 考察了alg、w组分、孔度对agw电接触材料电阻率的影响 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰与美学的约会 , 提出了精致和对称的表现 , 并根据中国的传统装饰与美学 , 因此它被命名为中国的诺特 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	在洛杉矶到华盛顿的城市中 , 交通被吸烟了 , 因为抗议者阻止了主要的交通 , 一些连锁在一起 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为一个由多个计算机组成的下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它通过异步串行端口交换命令和数据 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的要求越来越关键于微波传动设备的性能 , 包括copler、分离器 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	在徐子的历史观 , 圣与道之间的关系不仅具有逻辑一致性 , 而且在历史时期也有着丰富多样的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许芝加快递送香蕉的颜色 , 用户要求的颜色 , 这些颜色都会从绿色到深黄色 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在这里 , 在一个网站上 , 就意味着加工花费核燃料棒 , 建立了一个不寻常的纺织厂 , 为汽车体施工业服务 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	还证明了一种高度可再生性的高度 , 是一种非侵入性、简单简单、方便的监测和筛选设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	一千英尺的地下 , 水晶洞穴只是一系列闪烁的洞穴之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	kopeck的性能主要表现为可能性 , 在赛季中期的比赛中 , 在比赛中期的比赛中期 , 比赛中期的比赛平均只有36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	由于最小侵袭性手术仍然是 " 主要 " 手术 , 所有的并发症都是心脏病、中风甚至死亡都是罕见但是可能的 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	建江 , 西安县位于明末 , 清初 , 佛教名为香港 , 是新安艺术学校的首席领 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了纳米胶囊制成的毛织物的知识化规律 , 建立了理想的热吸热模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理、纠正 , 始终为我们的目标建立最好的产品 , 满足客户的质量程序 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山大黄金矿是我国第一大艰难的岩石矿床 , 采用了机械上升的水平滑板停止实施指针柱的钻头 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	在一个数据库表的特定列中 , 所有值都加密了用户提供的密码 , 同样加密算法 , 以及相同的cipher模式 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	拍摄这部电影 , 由比尔伯朗美国的一部超级特色 , 拥有8个世界级的销售 , 8个外国国家 , 总部有1个万纳贝和一瓶挑选手 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	曲线形式逆向拱形弯曲 , 横向后驱动舱在稍微的传递 , 连续玻璃包装和高雅的周围 。
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	本文叙述了宝钢家用涂层钢的制备进展 , 提出了生产质量、品种和问题的建议 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	富有主义 , 二十世纪早期的工艺运动 , 拒绝整个机构 , 试图通过强调机器和电影来排除当代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	前一部劳动部门 , " 劳动合同体系离开并注意到许多问题 , " 第五个要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同的有效时间提供有效的合同 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品、个人数字辅助、观看钟、各种仪器、办公机、计算机、汽车音频玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它的原本意义是 , 狐狸借用了老虎的肥胖 , 使其它动物的肥胖 , 它的扩展意义是通过某人影响的美德来欺骗人们 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马高血压大鼠复方中药的心脏保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	例如 , 建立了水电工程 , 通常是为铝电解厂需要的电力量提供了大量的 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	它是用来吸烟烟叶和烟雾暴露量的木材 , 使烟草的烟叶留下了鲜明的香味 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们重点研究了基于多层分区策略的索引器和搜索器设计 , 提出了一种新的分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:研究大鼠运动对大脑功能活动的影响 , 比较前后的血流变化及rpd恢复后的rpd 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	提出了多变量预测偏移自调整控制回收算法的稳定性和全局收敛性能分析 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种制造平板热管的方法 , 该方法包括以下步骤:提供上盖板和下盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	那座寺里的主要建筑是大厦 , 超级大厅 , 钟塔 , 脚本的 " 午夜钟钟 " , 地图河的第一层 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于沥青混凝土材料的温度依赖于自然 , 测量的反射 , 因此具有温度变化的结构能力 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年吴丽在国内和国际地位方面取得了战略目标 , 作为制定人口合理规模的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	利用氨酸合成气代替纯氢 , 可以直接制备脂肪的催化氮 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同样 , 学者认为 , 它基本上是由于边界感觉经验的特殊性 , 与浅层皮肤夹层进行的地方的边界感觉 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 该系统可以使用软件或硬件处理等紧急情况 , 例如给出不正常、电源、停止电荷、停止放电等警报警警报 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是经济适应的重要手段 , 税务管理的安排 , 税务管理的安排可以大大地影响非稳定企业的发展 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	根据liftport说 , 如果肋骨被严重的话 , 顶部将燃烧在大气中 , 底部将会燃烧到地面 " 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	此次示威之前 , 由于德国核反应堆最终将关闭的日期 , 德国核反应堆的核反应堆最终会讨论 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	应用隐喻理论 , 家庭道德体系和当代美国当代政治对总统竞选演讲的研究具有双重意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	内部人士指出 , 两家公司现在将在较低的利润下销售 , 预计本市场份额 , 并依赖于高利润游戏的应用 , 以获得利润 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 邓努在世界上已被视为世界上最快的疾病负担之一 ; 今天 , 许多病例被报告在许多地区前免费 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫菲利亚社会的一项调查显示 , 约有70%的关于他们的时期的关注者中有没有说过gp 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会遇到将xml数据转换成xhtml , 以便发送一个吸引性、互动性和可用于移动用户和各种web浏览器的任务 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	正确的顾问可以帮助您建立一个固体基础 , 以及一旦你打开你的门 , 就可以把你打开 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我想给你说 , " 这个洋葱 , 比如下一代男性太空飞行器 , 已经被一些nasa工程师描述为 " aporoido " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	工作进入wee小时完全失败工作平衡 , 导致你错过时间和爱人一起 , 经常不要 , 导致你失去睡眠的时候 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在库尔德传奇中 , 节日庆祝了克尔德来自一个严肃的交付 , 它被视为另一个对库尔德的支持 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	第一类乘客可以直接为同样的价格 , 同样的香槟 , 对于自由而言 , 教练乘客支付6美元的费用 , 去通道冲浪 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动比越南等地方更昂贵 , 为什么我们也不努力制造那些廉价国家的努力 ?
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选取适当的加固方法 , 比较了注射根桩、非滑桩、锚杆等各种加固方案 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是 , 他的辞职很可能接受 , 但没有决定 , " 一位总统蓝宫官员告诉金融时报 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文综合利用多尺寸小波分解和苏珊算子在图像处理中 , 然后快速获得特征点的位置 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	据一项新的研究显示 , 一个 " 坏苹果 " 可以传播负面行为 , 像病毒一样带下办公室或毁坏好的团队 , 或者破坏一个好的团队 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 这都是关于产品开发能力的 , " 日本第三个社会网络运营商yoshikazutanaka , 首席执行官yoshikazutanaka 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还发出了这张孤儿的照片 , 并告诉我关于职业生涯 , 或者 " 妈妈 " , 因为他们被称为 " , 大多数年轻的海地妇女都有自己的家庭 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	在这里 , 我想要警告所有的亲戚和人们接近我 , 这些服务将使用所有的手段来捕捉并试图杀死并且液化我 , 社交或专业 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	但是很快 , 关注从雨林转移到气候变化和有机农业等问题 , 现在阿马逊正在消失在1980年代的同一速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	该公司表示 , 由于可编程逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利的部门 , 它能提高这样的大圆度 , 因此 , 半导体市场中最有利的部门 , 占65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第十四条政府可能要求通信企业采取必要的应急措施 , 用于公众对自然灾难事件或紧急事件的事件 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他把注意力集中在公司已经允许用户通过音乐播放器应用程序上进行音乐家页面 , 以及从第三方开发人员来的许多 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生发现全职工作是劳动者 ; 他的妻子拿了一部分时间工作 , 看着家里的两个孩子 , 一个女儿和他们的儿子刘京俊 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	由于没有人知道 , 由于接受战争纪念物馆捐赠的战争纪念碑 , 高级的林纳尔·科伦恩表示 , 没有人知道他是谁 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	有一个全球文件来更新意味着头痛 , 只要记住在添加或删除用户时更新它 , 然后通过scap把它推出来 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	基于我们的关键词 , 我们建议我们买了几个关键词url , 因为每个url的地方从100美元到4000美元 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何从websphere环境中获得信息 , 但如何将信息推到监控工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	重点介绍了一种合理的数据结构 , 实现了固体模型的基本功能 , 如旋转、动物、剖面观等 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	81岁的福特·科罗拉多 , 科罗拉多 , 在丹佛投资足球体育场的最后一个地区观察了她的轮椅演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	沃尔夫兰特别兴奋的一个开发 , 尤其是使用沃尔夫ramalpha的能力来理解和计算自然语言查询来创建数学程序 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一位年轻的婚姻女士 , 工作于一个孤立的农场 , 骄傲的生长花 , 一天 , 她突然感觉到自己的能力与他们交流的愿望 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿指导者预计每周在工作文化、接触、编写应用程序和学习专业协会上支出6090分钟 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经运动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军舰队和一艘坦克人在120英里半径内进行的检索操作 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	委内瑞拉 , 委内瑞拉的一架飞机上周一在东部的委内瑞拉爆发了51人 , 官员说 , 33人死亡 , 至少14人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	国家的破产显示当局正在寻求7590名中国、50名美国人、40-20名马来西亚人和3470名英国人 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好看起来 , 一个女人在科罗拉多丹佛商学院的学习中 , 就像男人那样有机会 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安德里亚·皮尔洛早期被防御墙收费 , 而清晰的塞多夫和克莱斯普都有一半的机会 , 因为桑普多利亚在防守中受到了大量的影响 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京地区的第一记录是北京的第一记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	世界新闻周日报道 , 英国王子威廉将于2012年结婚他的长期女朋友凯特·米德勒顿 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件文件设置使用inotes6.ntf模板时 , 它继承了这个模板中的所有设计元素 , 并且继承了共享形式文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 用两步法制备的酚醛塑料主要用htma法处理 , 这种方法将从htma释放出氨基 , 这将使铜或铜部件腐蚀 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是克拉普铁路的高度依赖于火箭 , 包括火箭 , 包括火箭 , 一个饮食阶段 , 以及如果油到达的话 , 他们将会有地方去 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	俄罗斯援助组织在圣彼得堡的圣彼得斯堡的一家俄罗斯援助组织的领导人aleksandragina说: " 政府说所有的事情都很好 。 "
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们已经发现 , 没有一类药物被撕裂 , " 中药部的首席执行官阿琳·普罗森说 , " 这不仅是主要药物 。 "
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	发现三甲状腺瘤tr6和神经切除术cb2的神经细胞瘤生物量与戈斯汀含量有较好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试完成率 , 我们回顾了2008年1月和2009年2月间测试艾滋病毒的所有临床病人记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	在中国采取准确的普查是一个难以置信的任务 , 数以百万计的移民工人在城市中留下了他们的官方地址 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	本文在深圳市地铁车辆通信控制系统的基础上 , 提出了地铁车辆实际运行的实际原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	改进的malachite绿色法利用马来石灰绿色和钼酸盐 , 形成稳定的色泽复杂 , 特别是具有无机磷酸盐 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页纸的总长度超过120名学校委员会的120多名医生决定是平台主义 , 三分之二没有证明这本书 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	昨天 , 澳大利亚和美国科学家在一份报告发布的报告中发现 , 老人父亲的孩子可能比年轻的父亲们更少 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	应用建立的评价标准数字系统 , 研究了wmtc测试周期的骑行特性及其与ftp、ece排放测试周期的差异 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	伊琳·张的原始有女性叙事 , 由作家的性别决定 , 并证明女性解构大规模主义者 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁反尺度设备的新型机理、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一个来源 , 我们可以找到来自白仙永的个人生活经验、宗教情感和对中国和外国文学遗产的影响 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的放射学检查结果显示 , 在4周后 , 4周后 , 根源观察显示了大量的新骨轨道 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	沃拉斯哈德里尔说: " 所有的毛料都从拉里人和所有的橡胶扔下了切片积累和复合物 , 就像在一个封闭坦克中 。 "
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	根据本原理 , 设计了50l名为fus50l的l小说生物反应器 , 建立了飞行员和生产规模的数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	通过对2007年的研究版本的营养数据系统进行计算 , 利用饮食日记监测消费 , 并通过测量重量返pistachios的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scorpio伙伴关系的数据 , 其他普通银行有较低的股票 , 顾问的数据显示 , hsbc的私人银行只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据流行人士报道 , 我们将于本周日在奥斯卡举行红地毯 , 今天2月22日在奥斯卡举行 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后提出了两种相应的通信倾向 , 高上下文和低上下文通信 , 给出了对解释活动的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和cello在snata中得到了平等的作用 , 与18世纪的钢琴sonata格式相关 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	他在传统共和党亚利桑那赢得了选举 , 成功成为一个活跃主义者 , 进一步的州长 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	科勒被印象深刻 , 认为在眼睛操作中可能有用 , 两个月后就试图出来 , 首先在动物上 , 然后用自己的眼睛完全成功 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价了p300在糖尿病脑病患者的诊断价值 , 方法在50型糖尿病患者和30例健康控制组中测定erp 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 每天晚上都要把这些障碍和家庭的影子扔到每一天晚上 , 就像在宫殿墙上一样 , 法庭美丽就像一样 。
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过对非开发载体的基本特点分析 , 提出了其对海洋海洋索赔的识别与限制以及其对货物的含量的影响 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和我的第二个兄弟去阿哈姆德堡时 , 一些热情的朋友通过印刷和发布 , 送我一份副本 , 让我感到惊讶 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当企业提交企业收入税后 , 金融声明和其他相关资料应依照相关规定附加 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些结果表明 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是一些先天性畸形的重要地区因素 , 包括hd 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几项研究表明 , 低中级管理人员表现出许多应激症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、张力、呼吸等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡肉和棕色水稻干猫和厨房食品只有五个纯纯纯纯纯纯单的成分 , 以满足特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	这部作品提名了柏林金熊1999年的奖项 , 但打败了 " 美国优秀电影 " 的红色 , 最终有力的实际强度 " 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型具有较高的预测能力 , 显示了可实现的方法预测短期区域气候 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	抗war地壳带来了数千名反击示威者 , 其中包括2 , 000名在密西西西西比州的国务院外聚集的国务卿 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检测中心位于该省承载产品质量检测和工作任务的工厂 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	本条约的完整文本是在埃及教堂的卡尔纳克寺和拉姆斯寺庙里的 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据武家沟水库拱坝的设计 , 阐述了隧道坝在设计和施工中的特殊问题和解决方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	室内试验得到的大坝材料的可靠动态参数是地震岩坝动态分析精度的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验来确定安德罗id市场是苹果公司的一个充分替代 , 或者探索许多特性和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	本文研究了两缸同步的液压系统 , 精确定向 , 然后设计了满足要求的同步系统 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	该指数年增长率仍然不变 , 负面23.9% , 上周的数字从负面24.1%修改了更高的负面增长率 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、麻、丝、羊毛、羊毛、羊毛、合成纤维、混合纤维、下衣和婴儿等类型的服装和清洁 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间尺度数据的组织框架 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索并解决用户访问网络时的广告线故障 , 我们介绍了一种广告故障检测ing仪器的一种广告故障 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	在达到快速交换过程平衡后 , 通过微分动力学方程的方法 , 可以作为伪单交换中心系统的缓慢交换过程 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	该地图是由先进的空间空间热排放和反射射辐射器在nasa的太空卫星上收集的数字高级数据 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种关闭式环境风引导装置 , 属于能源电力技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	河徽是一种临时互助的老时代 , 流通必要的基金 , 它总是是组织在膝关和邻居之间 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨手术指标、手术方法及临床应用在肿瘤切除术中的应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在根据指导下 , 名叫 " 专利防火 " 的公司雇佣了人才的机械和工程师 , 继续创新的创新罩已经开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	这位19岁的阿罗德是他的国家在20个球队的常规 , 是利物浦第二个球队的关键表演者 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	无尽的延伸 , 所有的叶子都浸出了颜色 , 吸烟绿色和褐色 , 与天空融合在遥远的绿色无处 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	体育复杂是2008年夏季奥运会在北京和周围地区建造的大型体育设施的一部分 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是 , 韩先生被打击不平等的侵犯 , 新罕默斯因无尽的山地镇而遭到无尽的冲击 , 以及部落政治的增长规模 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国的食品安全分析单位和被称为数字网络的饥饿警告项目称 , 南苏马里南部的粮食安全分析部门越来越差 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	关注eobject的脚印实现也值得注意 , 一些客户使用它来实现60%的脚印减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc说 , 法国阿尔卑斯的冰川在过去四十年中失去了四分之一的地区 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样、统计意义和统计意义的基本意义 , 帮助你理解什么可能 , 更好地理解结果意味着什么 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国冠王子 , 王子威廉二世 , 他在维登战役中命令部队 , 并在世界大战近期宣布冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	web页面必须在基于b/s模型的桥梁卫生监测系统中显示大量的实时数据 , 因此频繁更新页面 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新站点混凝土表面 , 时用塑料和保温材料覆盖 , ( hscmt条件维护 , 具体不得水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在本地论文中 , 本地的9/2/02篇文章中 , 有一篇文章 , 由骑士报纸的托尼·菲特里德报纸引用的 " 医生关闭 " 的门去药品销售者 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们前的前锋迈克尔·福塞尔提醒我们可以在开幕季度内做什么 , 布鲁斯很高兴把他带回比明翰线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	新闻采用先进的二路载波阀系统 , 进口的电泵泵技术 , 可以实现双闭环控制压力和流动速率 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了一种基于mcgs配置软件和siemenss7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的控制系统设计和配置过程 。
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素分泌的胰岛素分泌是一种复杂的过程 , 如果不能正确地引起糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	玲玲山大佛位于凌山南部的小岭山地区 , 位于江苏省武西南部的小岭山地区 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这就是我为什么在美国学校选择 " 公民化教育 " 作为我的研究领域 , 文学聚集与比较的研究方法 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节 , 迈阿密热和达维亚的威德将在克莱夫兰骑士和莱布朗詹姆斯的比赛中获得两名年轻球员的比赛 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这就是为什么web设计师 , 以及他们的密切的线索 , 禁忌 , 头部 , 脚部设计师 , 可以收费50美元的一个好网页头 , 以及更多的完整设置 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	文章在此基础上 , 提出了应用条件和解决问题的研究 , 并给出了解决问题的参考 , 并给出了在武术中应用的异构技术 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 企业人力资本的价值主要是从会计角度测量 , 专业评估人力资本是罕见的 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文提出了将信任区域的算法融合到限制简单分解算法中 , 以解决rsd的主要问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	波特茅斯是厨房 , 或者太平洋的岛屿最受全球变暖威胁 , 他们正在停止快速 , 很快就消失了 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳yirui电子技术有限公司是一家专业led制造商r&d、生产、销售、销售和服务于2006年成立的专业led制造商 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥费迪南德将在周一在布里蒂安尼亚体育场的比赛后 , 里奥·费迪南德将错过中场的访问 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	范戈格在1887年在巴黎绘画了 " 草地 " , 它在荷兰东部的荷兰东部城市的克罗勒默勒博物馆 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目的是确定15名超重男性的葡萄糖耐受性 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际的角度来看 , 消费者的价值人口福利 , 因此更好的市场访问可能是由那些保证他们的群体中的好福利制造商获得的 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	格林斯潘先生保持 , 中国的发展和其他因素在全球各地的低速率 , 不仅在美国 , 为世界范围内的房屋增长提供贡献 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	本文根据工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群的一种新的空间经济方式 , 不同于市场和层次化系统 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 把她的甜蜜折叠起来 , 滑到湖上 , 所以折叠你自己 , 最亲爱的 , 你们 , 慢慢地走进我的兴起 , 失去了我 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 观众的移动将会增加奥巴马先生通过国会获得国内议会的机会 , 提高他在法院的自由主义能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年 , 新兰安排了我来见面一位纸灯的制造商 , 同样的事情发生在最近一轮南京的孔子庙中 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	那些美丽的承诺 , 那些甜美的微笑在照片上 , 这就像阳光一样温暖 , 慢慢慢冻结了我的右手中间的曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先的反向是一种高级优先任务的现象 , 因为他们在实时系统中使用同样的共享源 , 就会被低级优先任务阻碍 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 利用计算机数值控制的工具位置点计算了轮廓误差矢量 , 以及伺服系统的位置跟踪误差 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	它通过利用废弃开挖材料和整体建筑站分配 , 实现了窄区的一般布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强实践教学 , 重视学生培养的思想和创新能力 , 使学生培养得到了显著的成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度变化受热带传热模式影响的全天然海洋周期波动的影响 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福志的解释毫无疑问地从天和地域到儒家人类的关注中降解了庄子的小姚 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些更大的浓度有不幸的副作用 , 使蓝钛高度挥发和爆炸 , 使得晶体收获极为危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司对其他婚礼摄影师处理图像处理 , 同时也教导他们使用光度2 , 这样他们可以节省时间和金钱处理更小的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了ptunie混合体的组织培养及组织产生的dna水平 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	它的大学成立于575年 , 是一个关于理论、科学和医学的研究中心 。 7世纪和8世纪 , 人口04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	我的临床试验表明 , miv-210对健康志愿者有很好的口腔生物可用性 , 实现高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	用30种不同类型的稻米品种和混合物种 , 研究了大米主要作物产量与ratoon作物的相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用中心表现理论和正常形式分析了地图的局部编码两个分布 , 与hopfitfork案例相关的局部编码 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	印尼的海啸恢复表示 , 基于社区的重建是自然灾难反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 马湘建的父亲马西安说 , 一个挣扎的农民 , 生长在繁忙的城市里 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指数或主要键字段来选择q应用程序的关键列 , 以确定复制行和正确的顺序事务 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	然而 , 伟大的灵魂在神圣自然中难以置信 , 阿根纳 , 向我发誓服务 , 让我知道我成为所有创造的不可缺乏的源泉 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能机构宣布 , 日本已经增加了第三个植物 , 因为辐射已经在墙外检测到 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出了 " 现状 " , 不仅是思考了晚明的一个重要阶段 , 也是他的理论基础的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	雅诺夫chomsky指出 , 气体供应的多样化也增加 , 使天然气出口的实施变得更灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统的安装和操作方便 , 但由于有限的能力 , 但不能满足大规模泡沫项目的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	弗格森提醒罗尼老板在坎顿、罗伊·凯恩和大卫·贝克汉姆学到了一个教训 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	至于约翰f和罗伯特f.肯尼迪的故事结束了1969年的故事 , 泰迪现在被看到的地方 , 肯尼迪是肯尼迪的男人 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣在天面前作为牺牲的祭祀 , 无需追求自己的幸福 , 但对人类的益处 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	那么 , 社会责任可以帮助消费者的满意度 ? 如果这样 , 那么 , 什么机制是什么 ? 这个研究是如何回答这些问题呢 ?
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利切菲尔德说 , 他在11月警告了这个问题的问题 , 希望该公司在1月发布了一组四分之一的安全补丁时 , 将会定位这个错误 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	几百万人相反 , 因为他最初建议 , 门户将会有10%的财富 , 所以更像数百万人 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 游戏男孩 " 杂志创始人hhhhhefner表示 , 他正在考虑结婚女朋友结晶哈里斯 , 年龄24岁 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	通过对目标运动模型和动力杀死车辆的建立 , 分析了拦截约束 , 推导出了轨道转移的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金南也是春城的著名城市 , 大量的地下水流下北 , 城市地区 , 形成了很多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两眼 , 让他们欢迎 , 很好 , 照顾他们 , 所以他们都与他们的心都表示他们在青年中做了自己的妹妹的邪恶 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们在山谷或山区的危险时 , 数量很有用 , 甚至通过信号非常糟糕 , 警察可以知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	在一天后 , 我们用自己的小头适合许多概念 , 意义 , 公式...但这充满了痛苦和泪水的背后太有趣 , 笑了 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	巴菲特在中国所有的出现都重复出现 , 是通过辞职斯坦福德 , 试图在音乐上做一件事 , 他正在做同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	根据您的特定要求 , 可以根据电线的制造商和室内温度的不同 , 因此我们建议您计算基于您的特定要求的值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	吸烟屏幕可能吸收和散射红外 , 重量的引导头能量 , 然后降低导弹射击的可能性 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文重点介绍了基于骨架图、手写汉字的小集合特征识别 , 定义了一组分离分支、分离循环和组件的关系 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被看作是现代艺术的一个重要人物 , 是由于他的智能绘画理论 , 创造出了一位先锋的绘画实践 , 以及一个由于他的智能绘画理论 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	北京佛罗斯和苏利凡首席顾问王宇泉告诉apap说 , 公布是一个微妙的警告 , 天空不太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正在感受到中国的竞争热量 , 它的经济正在激烈 , 自1980年代末以来刚经历了最快的三年生长 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高层和低层建筑中沉降差的原因及防治措施 , 并指出了利用薄层建筑的特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我看不到未来两年内的任何变化 , " 加州沃尔尼特·克里克的50岁的个人投资者约翰·交易说 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾经看过的最伟大的老师 。 他无法见解的努力 , 让学生们讲座似乎像是一个愚蠢的、苏格拉克的对话 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	螺旋4提供了一组熟悉的角色 , 包括一个恐怖的电影设置 , 把自我引用的单线程作为身体数字安装 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另一个问题是 , 越来越多的电视政府的进程 , 更好的 , 是 , 人们认为在广播时 , 人们实际上观察到的进程 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到2月24日 , 当美国空军获得kcx竞赛的时候 , ead似乎有一个强烈的机会停止了波明的法律规定 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新传统媒体的大师 ; 有些是宗教领导人 , 一些是政府的最高官员 , 这些政府有能力来全球影响他们的影响力 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师建议小心使用表达式公共汽车快速交通 , 最便宜的公共交通选项 , 增加了自行车列表和行业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个老的系统可能存储 " 狗 " 的术语 , 更广泛的 " 哺乳动物 " 和更窄的术语 , 或者 " 小狗 " 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在丁庄眼中 , 吴明高 , 帅帅 , 谈话有趣 , 小心工作 , 接受强大 , 快速思考 , 实践工作艰难 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	此外 , 运行时所建立的连接字符串可以导致字符串注射攻击、jeopard化安全在数据源的安全性 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着辩论的继续 , 唐金先生需要抓住事实 , 特别是在美国 , 普通人民从20世纪70年代开始看到他们的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎您的朋友学校社区 , 受到所有学生的尊敬 , 显然是一个非常成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是从你的工资中付出自己 , 然后支付你的信贷人 。 在那个单一的行动中 , 你告诉宇宙 , 你值得更多的价值和价值 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建设中 , 矿石被估计包含40万吨铜和4600万盎司的铜 , 应该在2012年开始运营 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	结果 , 最初在4月28日 , 德罗斯童年创建了他的发射日期 , 达尔62年前在太平洋的历史旅程中 , 海尔达尔在太平洋的历史旅程中设置了他的发射日期 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 可增加醋酸宏观图的吞噬率和吞噬指数 , 可提高淋巴细胞的变化 , 可由xin增加 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还注意到 , 当寻求解决问题的时候 , 应该对朝鲜半岛的核化和解决dprk的安全关注 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:用家庭动态问卷和家庭环境规模版本测定221例抑郁症患者和178例正常对照 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要业务利润是负责、股东和用户的重要指标 , 是审计工作的主要任务 , 是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	针对ssh6700光总线地板中te第一交叉成员的破裂现象进行了分析和探讨 , 提出了三个结构改进方案 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了节水绿色空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保节水绿色空间开发的需要和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业生的研究 , 他们可以得到公务员或政治部门成员的机会 , 得到高薪 , 得到更高的社会状况 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	在作家的眼睛里 , 一个老井 , 废弃了野生 , 在作家的眼睛是美丽的 , 它养成了几代世界的生活 , 消除了努力的努力呢 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 许多研究发现 , 社会科学主要的成功比有技术培训或专业课程的人更大 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临着从市场和银行的双重限制 , 导致银行贷款的补偿问题 , 难以提高工作资本的资金和缺陷 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	通过实验和创新 , 介绍了废碱液在环己烷氧化单元中不完全分离的解决方案 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室、黑衣艺术场所的休闲角落是皮肤和皮肤单人沙发和脚趾 , 安排了个体的良好地方有休息 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽昂·林登:希望你能与我们建立一个国际jci标准医院 , 让所有的母亲和婴儿都能得到最好的医疗保健和世界同样的步骤 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计在第一轮30季度最后一轮领先后克服psveindhoven , 这将提供切尔西的机会最终与梅塞西德人一起获得了切尔西 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会应由三或五人组成 , 即船舶拍卖委员会以及海事法院拍卖人员和检查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	瑜伽借给巴黎后 , 塞尔吉奥·贝纳多·阿尔梅隆 , 另一个比安科罗左转到巴黎 , 这是年轻的西班牙球员yagosilvafque 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的十六届会议的第六次会议使一系列的整体和具体的安排成为当前和谐文化建设 , 未来一个时期 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为此 , 使用查找实用程序来定位和查看您在今天的某一时间内访问或改变的所有文件 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据北京龙口矿区的潜艇软岩支撑工程 , 研究了用钢支撑与路径交互作用的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用trypan蓝色排除试验、7690u荧光素染色和透射电镜分析细胞生长和分化 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna的吸附性 , 用pvc作为主要原材料 , 探讨机械收集等离子袋内表面的吸附性及其管道 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	建立了双辊带铸件的固化模型 , 利用有限元软件模拟了带铸件的固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖赏作品的知识产权将属于mcur&d部门 。 作品将在特殊的22st文学奖杂志上发表 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水表面的蒸发下降 , 地面的相对湿度与地面表面的增加 , 阳光小时降低 , 风速降低 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	1912年 , 美国科学家wilburl.scooville在1912年被命名为wilburl.l.scoville , 开发了一个测试来测量卡普萨奇星的水平 , 这种化学物质在基里创造热量的化学物质 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖上升到某些程度时 , 饱和的中央问题胃紊乱信号 。 如果所有营养物 , 减少一定程度 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 只有激动 , 我的手里拿着一只罐子 , 拿着我的手 , 就在那里 , 砖砖的一部分 , 站在我的妻子的妻子身后 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每个人十个手指都留下了一个明显的印象 , 肌肤的弹性使得肌肤的肌肤变得全部不可能 , 但不可能精确地留下同样的手指印象 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理副主任熊玉梅说: " 今年7月北京各家星级酒店的订票率从5月增加了一% 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放相对较低 , 因为丰富的河系饲料足够的水电发电机发电机提供了约70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	设计了采用浮动mos的d开发和dflipflopp流电路 , 为了介绍dfliplopppplop的应用 , 设计了dflipflopploplop的注册和对策 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	由100英寸的雨水每年降落在奥林匹克国家公园 , 永远绿树上升 , 填补这个奥林匹克山谷 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超抗原融合蛋白质细胞因子实际上是抗原的替代物 , 具有目标功能 , 是抗原的新的前景介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一个小心规划和组织的努力来完成一个特定的一次努力 , 例如 , 构建一个建筑或实现一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	本文通过对混合层的地质原因及其分布特性进行了分布分析、扫描电镜和c14等镜试验 , 定义了混合层的地质原因 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人民希望正确理解三大营养成分 , 这些三大营养大家注意力 , 第一次控制动物 , 随着年龄的增加 , 逐步减少 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了让朋友们 , 朋友 , 印度的心 , 情绪结束 , 帮助手 , 帮助手 , 诚挚的合作 , 互利 , 明天创造一个更好的明天 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国在新疆西部 , 新疆、边境巴基斯坦和阿富汗等地区 , 加强了巴基斯坦的合作 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀被用来使气体流在粗糙线 , 防止管道和容器的流动 , 以及真空安装中的污染 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品耐受性也可以用来描述一个较小的定义的症状收集 , 一些人因为消费某些食物而受到某些缺乏清楚的基础的食物而遭遇的症状 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	物理化学中的稀释沸点上升似乎与蒸汽蒸馏在有机化学实验中产生了矛盾 , 实际上它们是不同的原理 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	甲板式断面是悬浮桥板段的专业设备 , 主要有两种形式的winch类型和液压升降型 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家宝会见了大部分人 , 与贵安亚总理沙缪尔后台正在参观中国的工作访问 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应该是自然和现实的冲突 , 分析并讨论了人民陪审选、培训、法律实施和几个元素监督 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	在此基础上 , 本文将整章分为九部分 , 分为 " 原文 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了用efe矩阵法进行电子矩阵变换的方案扫描外部环境和方案评估 。
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	工作变得更聪明 , 沃尔兰的孩子开始意识到他们的父亲是一个暴力的怪物 , 每天恐惧他们的母亲 , 拒绝喂他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章对中国古典诗歌文本安排的形象创造、特殊语言结构的影响及其形式主义进行了详细的阐述 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 基于集体身份的理论假设 , 将欧洲身份的理论分类为两个方面:原始主义和建构主义 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	利用燃烧噪声和有效解决方法 , 研究了二甲基醚发动机噪声噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	天球检查食品价格的关注越来越大 , 人们对超过饥饿和营养的挑战 , " 忘记 " 的美国千年发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上以来 , 他和他的67岁的叔叔在狩猎期间遭遇了困难 , 冰流在他站起来 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素涉及了由自动分泌或帕克里因时尚调节子宫内皮素、前列腺素和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	虽然pastis在2004年2月早些时候描述了各种各样的鳄鱼 , 但这些鳄鱼在正常的类型表面中相对竞争 , 并且说明正常的英语 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果您在访问它时不能读到数据 , 那么解密密钥被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它 , 因为供应商使用自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是谁在金银、蓝色和绿色中穿着这个网络 , 让自己忘记自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	山西省人力资源的优越条件 , 目前已知名于其复合文化 , 同时对其复合文化的竞争开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常不在布利顿的书中 , 允许孩子们强大:旅游和烹饪 , 游览魔术地 , 或解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	高粘聚合物偏振过程的普及问题是开发高效质量传输装置 , 提高了表面再生率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学项目对心脏病发作的病人不仅为了提高知识 , 而且在疾病过程中降低了不确定度和抑郁程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果高锰盐组的复苏率为93.3%和62.2% , 高锰酸盐组的恢复率显著高于ns组 , 口腔前列腺素组 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	比赛是一个强大的美国风俗 , 鼓励民间团体 , 并被教会安排 , 交换需要的收入提供的游戏 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	盒子12:在这里应该显示 , 其他测量单位 , 例如 , 体积或数量的项目 , 表示在定制时可以使用的确切数量 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	远离深圳国际机场的公路 , 港口仅从广州新白云国际机场的十公里远离广州新白云国际机场 , 一小时全速 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体系的建立 , 国民经济的快速发展 , 增强人类生活标准 , 医疗和卫生保健工业已迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	旅馆的第二层将是透明的 , 旅馆将会象征香港人民的想象和创造力 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说: " 为什么他挑选了我: " 球员可以有很大的技能 , 但是他的天才不会意味着 , 如果他不会自我申请 , 就会得到工作 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍了中国纺织服装的出口现现状 , 尤其是从承载体积和消耗出口价格的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	不同规格的加热玻璃 , 但我确保了干燥、加热系统的质量 , 下面的喷嘴位置 , 应该很容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	这种不同的来源是美国人 , 鲁德尔夫斯蒂纳和我们的朋友 , 影响了我们对地球的合适和谐作用的影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	现有的23对夫妇属于马楼最好的表现 , 张的智慧和幽默 , 他的政治雄心 , 态度和他对家乡和亲戚的附属 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	尽管土耳其往往是温暖和外向 , 你的平均格鲁吉亚似乎更加自我包含 , 但并不完全与你的平均英国相似 , 真的很不相似 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	展示其阴影的光谱 , 吸引了少量活力的棕色蜘蛛的注意力 , 生物显示了橙色、黄色、绿色、蓝色和蓝色的丈夫 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 我不会去杀手 , 我相信 , 我认为这是无耻的 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省份是资源的 ? 鱼 , 森林 , 矿物和石油 , 现在的石油 ? 外国人已经从 , 有时候没有公平 , 有时候只剩下来 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	有些学校已经开始分离一些教训的性别 , 并且说它已经消除了男孩的 " 和平效应 " , 并提供了更多的教师时间分配 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	回顾中 , kafka是一个新颖的尝试 , 适应kafka的工作复杂性 , 并在soderbergh的大型实验中隐藏在了索德伯格 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界大战后 , 亨利福特和通用汽车的阿尔弗雷德·斯洛恩从世纪的工艺生产领域从欧洲企业进入大众生产年龄 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	波普金教授说 , 美国学校还需要改善营养 , 例如 , 学校可能会有一些人会考虑垃圾食品的供应麦克隆 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	然而 , wga西方总统帕特里·维龙在星期六晚上告诉了300多名作家 , 此次罢工只是在投票结束后才能批准合同 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	amoi是一家著名的国内移动手机制造企业 。 因为a8 , a8 , amoi在2002年和2003年获得了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这听起来有效 , 但记住在大多数观察者的情况下 , 每个组件都有一个小的听众 , 插入和删除大多数受到横向的影响 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信仰拥有丰富的马祖寺、丰富的诗歌赞扬马祖和其与福建商人活动密切的关系 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这个硅小的性别娃是我们在2016年市场上独特的设计 , 具有热日本纯女孩 , 女性真正的性真正的性爱机器人 " 。
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:随着时间的到来 , 穆斯塔切使他回来了 , 他要把硅谷挖到旧金山谷 , 证明了未经资金的山谷 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但我们回答说 , 鉴于他要挂上很多电影 , 而不要穿一只城市 , 然后在11岁的时候 , 他可能已经过去了 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的员工自治公司 , 以及第三个在信息采购类别中 , 同意 " 良好的想法已经被我公司采取了 。 "
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条第十二条主题事件发生后 , 义务人应当时通知对象或他的头发或保卫人 , 除非在哪里不能定位对象 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	标准普尔500家公司的收入和一个稳定的经济指标 , 将给投资者提供更多的证据 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	基于毛孔结构的分形参数 , 估计了水流前后的孔隙结构的分形参数 , 研究了水流对孔结构的变化的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察19例心肌纤维化患者心肌纤维化及同步治疗的效果 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论镍钛板固定及可调整的帕特拉骨折减少装置对帕特拉骨折的治疗效果满意 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	2006年 , 深圳大型电缆技术有限公司是中国 " 结构化通信解决方案 " 的主要供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油封 , 塑料橡胶零件 , 硅套 , 紧张车 , 轻 , 重负责车辆 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这座私人住宅位于北京东城区 , 是一座传统的 " 西海源 " 的传统住宅类型 , 院子是院子中心的中心 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性金钱组成 , 女性金钱是不受限制的 , 但有同样的重量和复杂的 , 艺术触摸是染色的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳市电信技术有限公司是一家研究开发、生产、销售、销售、服务成为数字控制信息专业led屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	描述了双分子脂膜对植物细胞的影响 , 导致了高静电场 , 通过双分子脂肪膜 , 推导了微量原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsacksack比polo衬衫更明亮 , 线程色彩看起来很好 , 在knapsack上看起来太黑了 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第九十一条未来委员会的净资本额不得超过6%的客户边界账户的总额 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过单层或双层的多层弹性丝测定 , 结果表明 , 制备的织物的弹性能可以达到媒介或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动态波浪湿辊的机理、结构特性 , 并介绍了其在硫酸和复合肥料生产中的应用 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是 , 尽管在上个月 , 尽管政府的反应仍然不断提高执行 , 包括上个月的停止生产 , 包括上个月的电池工厂 , 尽管政府的反应仍然不断改变 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	在分析的基础上 , 提出了青岛港港集团整体开发战略 , 最后 , 提出了多项建议 , 以提高群体竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	此外 , 在sziit监督员的观察方面 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验类的性能更为活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在妊娠期间 , 一个孩子在出生期间死亡 , 父母同意捐赠婴儿的心脏 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	本公司的首席介绍是一家专业的专业企业 , 是一家专业生产手工工艺品 , 具有全部小型民族特色的手工企业 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	插件路由级没有必要保持会话的有限性 , 因为会话的界限性将被odrs所在的请求向应用服务器提出的时候被odrs负担 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	随着对材料的可能性进行调查 , 包括回收玻璃、ucco和大理石 , 建筑师将石头设置为最佳选择 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金yu'ebao是中国首席在线支付提供商 , 天中资产管理的投资服务 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括四个部分 , 包括gps微分参考站、gps购买子系统、水下翼、基于船舶的数据处理和控制中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为卢克斯霍姆斯的内容很完整 , 我特别喜欢前瞻角度的故事 , " 中央国家的主任路易斯霍说 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:对结合肝脏和肾收割的程序进行损伤 , 1例右肾静脉和2例左肾动脉损伤 , 3例肾脏灌注不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	一种由两种不同金属分离的电源 , 由酸化pads组成 , 形成了连接在系列内的主要细胞 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的一封信 , 约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了赫马斯的牧师 , 这本书是我们的一本书 , 包括我们在一组写作的书中 , 我们称之为 " 公主的父亲 " 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在德国西部 , 外交部长汉斯迪特里奇基因斯切尔敦促莫斯科托关闭所有核电站相似于切尔诺贝尔的核电站 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	通过对单阶段、双阶段、多阶段、多阶段的设计 , 可根据干扰、绝缘和冷却要求定制各种设计 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件夹是文件组织的著名隐喻 , 它们已经取代了 " 目录 " , 这是以前在命令行操作系统中使用的命令行操作系统 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	语法 , 语法 , 词汇 , 听 , 讲话 , 阅读和写作技巧 , 实现突破 , 建立基础 , 习惯 , 习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	法律基金会缺乏法律基金会对死刑的审查 , 导致了国家防卫工作和保障的障碍 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 运动员运动员的训练系统可以导致心脏形态和功能的显著变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解决uwb融合系统中长行为的大时间jitter误差 , 提出了一种基于晶体频分割的新型时间系统 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	根据新约克公司的创始人j.帕特里克·戈尔曼说 , 大型会计公司正在提供类似的增长 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	在一项研究中 , 研究人员检查了日本的2604名患者的血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生率之间的关系 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法对37例患者进行相对探索 , 经过胆管切除术前检查 , 消极患者不会采取胆管检查 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	我被幸运的是 , 希塔奇在1984年开始交付的25年内 , 我期待我们的关系的继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	本研究主要介绍了简单、经济动态锥石油计和冲击土壤试验仪 , 以便提高基质量 , 提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变化矩阵 , 可以与不同的混合数据相比 , 提出了一种基于系统位置来选择数据的定位精度 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs从增加消费者的价格敏感性和商业旅游者的价格和下降的石油价格从全球经济疟疾中流动 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些组特别脆弱 , 因为他们经常经历的生存期间 , 神经认知并发症可能会导致肿瘤本身的损伤 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 平行处理方法得到了子线性速度 , 实时识别内部模型的要求基本满意 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	此举措是世界卫生组织、联合国、美国红十字会、美国疾病控制和预防中心的合作努力 , 以及联合国基金会 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文着重探讨了新现实主义小说的社会历史背景 , 并探讨了当代文学发展与认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 阐述了美联政府的腐败 , 来自牛秀的先进政治思想和粗糙的官方职业生涯 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	吴建议 , 公司和企业应注重员工心理健康 , 帮助他们通过讲座和心理咨询 , 帮助他们减轻压力 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市大树现象的分析 , 阐述了城市景观森林的现状 , 阐述了景观森林保护的必要性和紧急性 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘结剂 , 消毒剂 , 进口服装置 , 随着降低葡萄糖度的释放 , 作为进口涂料的最佳配方 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁浮现的态度明显提示了不同构造单元磁体的位移 , 与岩石单元的岩石形状和分布一致 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 道贤也不想卖 , 他只是想看看他们是否能做任何复苏 , 道贤仁惠不会继承他的法官 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	进入制备的muffin锡 , 填充每杯三分之二的全面 。 190c/375f烘焙 , 预热2025分钟 , 直到金棕色 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	除此之外 , 建立人士建设的十项重要性在于教学和学习氛围的建设 , 建立人士保证了良好的教学氛围 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了内热炉实际运行过程中存在的问题 , 分析了内热炉的原因 , 并提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨骨酸引起慢性颞叶癫痫病的关系及其作用机制 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某种程度来说 , 利用信号检测理论来解释法官的理想假设 , 比对法官的理想假设更为实用 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在具有弹性弹性机理的情况下 , 抗旋转机理与滚圈包的磨损与自补偿 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进的基因算法设计成功地解决高维、多元应变和非线性核问题 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理和其他相关银行人员应该负责引起17万元损失的责任 , 所以为什么他们不负责 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2从聚氨胺氧化介质中产生的高敏反应和防御基因的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	海外油产业以高风险和投资强化建立 , 在开发阶段运行流体的不当使用可能会导致储层损害 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	他认为 , 美国需要与伊朗和土耳其合作 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角形 " 的 " 三角形 , 他们的活动将促进民主和战争极端主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	这很难在1987年被他们第一任总统哈比伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯·鲍吉巴的第一次教育体系培养的突尼斯人骄傲地吞咽 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这不能抑制全自由表达:这不会失去自我性 ; 真实性 , 以及我们同时沟通的重要诚挚性 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她继续说: " 我们是电工程师 , 我们真正需要更多的帮助 , 但让他们得到更多的资金 , 让我们得到更多的资金 , 我们需要展示一些成功 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把你的妈妈的照片和她的珠宝盒在这里 , " 米切尔说 , 克里斯汀觉得很幸运 , 喜欢她 , 想让她快乐 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为 , 瑜伽帮助人们更多地利用自己的身体和食用习惯和意识到坏习惯 , 例如由于压力、压力或抑郁等 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	那些在房间工作的志愿者 , 灯泡不用超高的荧光来解决问题 , 更成功地思考 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	星期二晚上 , 在卡扎菲的婴儿阿拉齐亚化合物上报道了五次大声爆炸 , 他在周二做了一次地址 , 第一次袭击了星期天晚上 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	通过一定的假设 , 结论价格水平、价格水平与成本参数之间的关系与风险避免的极端水平相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	利用气藏储层的材料平衡方程 , 确定了气藏储层的储备和气藏的ogip , 判断其驱动式 , 并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	万惠看到唐糖家 , 唐李和天新看到唐红糖回家后 , 建议把家装饰装饰也可以太空 , 每个人都搬到维拉 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势表明 , 它与社会和文化积累的密切关系以及对电影的心理变化有关 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本项目重点通过教育实践和核心搜索来构建儿童数学认知发展概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的t/es平均值约为2.06 , 旗阶段的最大值为78 , 冬季的最小出现为零 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	胡山工业经济被称为胡山现象的湖山工业经济在今年有着很大增长 , 虽然是国家水平的贫困县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为新美国军事战略不再关注在山后的敌人战斗者 , 但在城市和村庄中赢得阿富汗 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者希望尽管他们得到准备 , 但当地的老师认为外国人只是为了有趣的培训人员而行 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假期者是一个附近的太阳能旅馆 , 花园和野鸡 , 但到目前为止 , 旅行的高点是看到草坪人 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了燃油税的功能 , 探讨了物流工业未来的燃油税的影响 , 并给出了相关的对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	作为肯·托克写道: " 最后 , 在他最大的悲伤和愤怒中 , 他向我们展示了最脆弱的时刻 , 绝望的行动的人 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	还有由于漂浮孩子 , 必须自信上升 , 记得他们的家里由丝绸和路林讨论业务 , 才能打开丝绸线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	添加叶绿是本周的健康方式 , 加入颜色、风味和营养成分的一种简单方法 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何进行自己作为员工的竞争 , 你可能会看到公司对社会媒体和你的参与如何形式化 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是碎片 , 阻尼和谐振 。 有人远处的声音 , 有人承诺的声音或响应的声音 , 远处的遥远厚度 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	五年前在胰腺癌治疗的乔布斯先生在一月中旬在医疗叶上接受肝移植后 , 显示出可注意的重量损失 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	该方法改进了点传递函数的估计精度 , 建立了基于焦点传递函数的宽滤波器 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每章和每个节点都形成了整个马的智能节点的集成框架 , 基本上是由基本上升构成的 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 通过引入一些rdb查询理论将查询优化模型提高到oodb查询过程中 , 并给出了其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	一个基因趋势向下的bdnf水平的男性似乎失去了他们的能力 , 在几乎没有变异的男性几乎是复杂的任务 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心私人雇主会削减职业和许多人 , 尤其是那些曾经用来获得工资的工作会失去工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	同样的表明 , 中国政府在政府政策中表示 , 中国政府宣布将禁止购买自由塑料袋 , 来自2008年6月的效果 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	研究了基于病例的fusee和小脊柱部分的表现方法 , 建立了几何特征和过程特征信息的对象方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	据guzy说 , 去年 , 风险资本公司投资了35亿美元的美国替代能源公司 , 同时他们只投资了330万美元的中国公司 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	hals设计的一个组件是喷雾冷多平台的封闭 , 它使得电子位于黑鹰前部的雷达目前安装在黑鹰的前面 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	它代表了茶人希望 , 代表中国茶业将更加丰富 , 母亲研究的茶课程肯定比以前的日子要明显 。
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种环境友好的防腐涂料 , 基于非毒性磷酸钙作为主导的抗锈色素和磷酸盐作为辅助抗锈色素 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地形特征和地形特征 , 北京沙地主要分为山地的三种类型 , 山地和平原的过渡区 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	本文还介绍了基于基因算法的地震特性和地震特性优化原理以及基于基因算法的地震特性优化方法 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	由于健康状况 , 老年成年人不能做出建议 , 由于健康状况 , 他们应该作为物理活动 , 作为他们的能力和条件允许 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢卡斯在商品中暴露了资本主义社会的普遍问题 , 并证明了其整体类别的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	从20000年到2004年最大城市公共汽车的分形尺寸为1.4862 , 至1.518 , 中国城市系统大小的分形尺寸一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨绝对贫困和相对贫困的现象 , 并以中英社会的历史比较 , 阐述了这一问题 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油企业的安全管理已经成为更加强化和石油生产的安全性能 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后基于可逆对数的特点 , 利用四个值dflipflop作为核心组件设计了四个评价同步反应对策 , 具有重新恢复功能的可逆性对策 。
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 邓吉利夫人因为伤害而造成伤害 , 但没有一个句子 , 没有一个 " 情绪障碍 " 解决了她的刑事责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除了被伤害的个体外 , 我们还代表了一项负面的医疗治疗 , 还代表了健康护理欺骗和hmo争端的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制的提示剂灌注的可行性和潜在作用 , 结合流感吸入在口腔和颌面外科手术中的作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要成果是以下:高中小学特殊教育教师在高中和平东地区的基础教育教师 , 愿意使用技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	2010年5月 , 加拿大的第三部电影《第三部电影《加拿大》中 , 克里斯·斯蒂瓦特和其它电影已经拍摄了第三部电影 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第十六条国家科技委员会应与其他部门关注 , 经常对新技术产业开发区进行检查 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	管理文化对员工工作动机的影响很广泛 , 但目前尚未存在一个可操作的框架对文化与工作动机之间的关系 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	在这艘粗糙的小船中 , 30名跨国船员的工作很艰难 , 下面有橘子和太阳花在厕所里画过的东西 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金今年将其与其他商品的联系减弱 , 经营第一半的石油和铜在上涨 , 这反映了它的价值 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们从传统生活模式中断出来 , 去学校 , 爱情 , 得到婚姻 , 买个房子 , 买个房子 , 买个婴儿...相反 , 他们已经跳了一些步骤 , 加上其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接的数据结构保持了它的屏幕 , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 因此它可以减少节省没有点集和匹配模式的房间 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你在适当的位置 , 你需要放松你的绘画手臂肌肉 。 记住 , 当你的画面手腕保持直线和前臂肌肉放松时 , 这是很容易的 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	另外 , 丰田周一表示 , 它已经扩大了一个美国的服务运动 , 以便泄漏油屋 , 覆盖934 , 000辆车辆的六缸发动机 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但它要求我将一本书推出来了解更多的主题 , 或者与发送者交换许多电子邮件 , 来解决问题的更多细节 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前的自然历史问题中 , 耶鲁教授弗兰克a.海滩讲述了如何降低原子能学到如何爱金钱 , 有些甚至还会转变成亚麻省资本家 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	韩国的独立消息非常罕见 , 但中国相关的大坝语法学家已经旅游到边界 , 以满足朝鲜最近逃离的北韩人 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保与仲裁案件相当处理 , 国家仲裁立法和民事立法 , 所有的司法监督制度都有仲裁奖 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲阿洛伊斯认为 , 被认为是一个女性和19岁的犹太人 , 这使得这个男人激发了一季的犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织表示 , 政府部队至少在周二在叙利亚 , 至少41名公民死亡 , 包括20名在半亚中部抗议中心的抗议中心 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	本地官员告诉报纸 , 在要求的情况下 , 一天的旅行将包括访问北川高中 , 学生被埋在垃圾中 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	幸运的时候 , 有一个女人在那里被一个叫做 " 钟 " 的女人分享足够大 , 像兽类那样不幸运的人 , 她也不会太坏 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , 则将25%的xmx值用于最大护士尺寸 , 则允许护士的尺寸增长和缩短在那25%内 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一方面是一个冲突 , 美国并没有寻求 ; 其中一个是由42个国家加入的 , 包括挪威在努力保护自己和所有国家进一步攻击的国家 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	我还没有打开一美元的商店 , 所以我没有打开 , 它的餐桌是昂贵的 , 所以我拿了两杯瑜伽 , 告诉赌场给我一些季度 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本要求的框架下 , cen和cenelec将开发一个或几个水平标准 , 包含有各种类型的能量相关产品的通用要求 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	本方法分为光轮集成加工的两种工作过程 , 如表面切割是前程序 , 挤出加工是后程序 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 在6月2日 , 将有私人部门和政府会议 , 包括印度商务委员会 , 这将会举行35届年会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电信市场将不允许被允许在国家的东京电话列表上调用任何数字 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人有了一定的业务关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的干旱有限于孤立区域 ; 除了里奥大陆的外 , 在那里 , 没有可逆的破坏似乎是全国范围广泛的 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	一个更加危险的装置 , 是美国流行的 , 即时的光盒 , 充满了硫酸 , 用化学物处理的硫酸分裂到其中 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦中 , 她被一位漂亮的病毒名称告诉女人 , 一些藏人也可以看到湖中的网站内容 , 就像电脑监测屏幕一样 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是积累经验丰富的个体知识 , 无法制造一个系统的暴露 , 这就是感觉 , 但不能解释 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这种类型的场景通常发生在想驱动业务的clevel执行官时 , 它会改变企业提供积极的支持来帮助他们的战略议程 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家的 " 扩展eps系统 " -360提供市场领先的市场前沿、侧面和后面冲击保护 , 使其成为最安全的头盔之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年 , 北京杨文亚画艺术品销售中心成立于1995年 , 大厅建立了世界上最大的艺术家社区艺术家宋庄艺术家村 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	澳大利亚学出版商和专业出版社开放 , 包括大学出版社 , 以及利润和非营利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何操作医学的诊断和治疗设备 , 特别是医学的分支 , 但他们也在紧急干预技术中也被训练 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	三个结构组装的水火管锅炉是dzl型热水锅炉的新思想 , 最近在本类锅炉中应用了两步串列注入技术 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐款允许一座桥梁在两座山间建造 , 最后还要走到学校 , 穿靴子的姐姐想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	西北热带热带气候转化为典型的北北热带热带气候变化 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	进一步研究了通过化学热力学实验 , 通过化学热力学实验 , 通过非氧化强酸溶液中二氧化硫的溶解性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	本文分析了转子绕曲器的原因、危害和形成过程的变化 , 提出了各种频繁循环操作的预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人上周告诉华尔街杂志 , 该公司不能规定更换osi的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一项规则 , 第三周中期的趋势将在第三周内转向 , 第三周末 , 股票只在对主要趋势下移动3周 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	介绍了一种显著的抗癌作用 , 提供了其它营养效益 , 讨论了cla的多种生理多功能多功能及其病因发生 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本osakasangyo大学在6月10日发布了正式的道歉 , 因为一个员工称之为孔子学院文化情报机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	在比赛期间 , 第一次被称为 " 奥林匹克巷 " 的骚乱已经感觉到了所谓的 " 奥林匹克巷 " , 这将在首都举行18 , 000名运动员和官员 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	组i与组i组间细菌数量有显著差异 , 小岛清洗手效果明显优于洗手效果 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在一个年轻的妇女中 , 没有物理的发现表明恶性 , 病人应该返回3 ~ 10天后 , 接下来的男性开始确定如果卢普回归 , 病人应该返回3至10天 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机控制空间干预研究 , 随访时间长 , 可能有助于进一步描述balneher治疗的疗效 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我明白 , 在我国的所有情况下 , 在我国的一位志愿者期间 , 草人行动不会对任何问题或事件从我的其他能力中举行责任 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	在gnome中最好的菜单项之一是服务器进入的连接 , 这允许用户可以快速连接到任何类型的服务器 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山脚上 , 国际幼儿园附近太阳雅典大学的国际幼儿园位于一个愉快的环境中 , 景观良好 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:3种诱导性痰样品的使用率比不能自发预期自发诊断3例胃洗涤的敏感性更为敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中在蒙古塔塔塔塔特尔 , 旨在巩固其在鲁斯内部的权力位置 , 在对抗西方战斗中获得稳定的地位 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们通过德克萨斯、新墨西哥、亚利桑那州、加利福尼亚州、内华达州、乌拉达州、科罗拉多、内布拉斯加州以及所有的途径来拍摄很多图片 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但事实上 , 就像过去的世界公平一样 , 上海世博会主要是为了印象国内观众 , 以及超过90%的游客来自主国 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的日子里 , 我开始很好 , 但是在半个马拉松之后 , 我开发了两腿的肌肉裂缝 , 导致我在塔玛拉克下降 , 这导致我的右膝盖严重破坏 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	以色列两名以色列人 , 陕波利克博士 , 医学工程师 , edysoffer博士 , 一个突出的气体系统学家 , 加入了一个基于satle的工程团队 , 帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	凤凰看着窗户 , " 这提醒我那部电影里的那部电影 , 一个rv里的家庭在小镇里拉到了一个小镇 , 夜间的突变物会出来 , 吃它们 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	基于技术创新的实施 , 中国应该逐步探索和发展 , 以保障更多的储备 , 降低油进口的暴露 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	目击者和安全相机视频的枪手建立了一个肖像 , 因为年轻人穿着牛仔裤和潮湿的t恤 , 轴承运动和枪 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	针对所有复杂的生成问题 , 开发了一种简单的单转变qz算法 , 并不在linpack或eispack中开发出了一个通用的特征值路径 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员已经从工作协议、工作时间、婚姻、性别、性别和年龄、工作自治等方面对欧洲工作满意度进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	购物者和阿尔弗雷斯科餐厅保持忙碌直到晚些时尚的地方 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的餐 , 或者通过上海的一些更有时尚的商店 , 这是这个地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高服装制造业的生产效率 , 必须结合身体测量、模式设计和服装制作的传统服装生产 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	技术转移的相关费用不会被当作税收破产项 , 除非相应合同被相关机构批准 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前盾形试验的混合比例通常使用正交试验 , 其缺点在于大量实验和不可避免的浪费时间和钱 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在饮料中 , 每天只有1磅的饮料中 , 每天只有1磅的重量损失达到6个月 , 18个月和1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 中国对冻结冻结和冻结的危害非常严重 , 冻结和冻结长期监测对于潜在灾难提供了参考资料 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了lcopene的生物学特征 , 如分子结构、代谢、组织分布及其抗癌功能及可能的机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:直接表现为9例胆管截面截面 , 无规则中心或内心狭窄 , 1例无规则填充缺陷 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑器允许您在启动期间自动化检查菜单 , 并允许您在您的喜欢中设置更新字母 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	模拟出了大型重力电流的垂直速度 , 运行的大速度和前面密度分子密度与观察结果密切相一致 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	利用生物技术在食品产品生产方面的组成部分有很多好处:它加快了种植物和动物需要的特点 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	马克维亚先生在乌克兰、意大利、意大利、芬兰、乌克兰和乌克斯拉维亚的战争中被称为 " 军事服务 " 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强的是 , 要用贝尔泽布推出魔鬼 , 作为说 , 提出了一种反魔法 , 以便中性化 , 克服支持建立的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	遵循的是 , 有一个绝对的艺术标准 , 这意味着每个人的独特感觉都是通过图像无法复制的 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 这些虫子被用来攻击它的公交核反应堆 , 已经有广泛的猜测 , 实际上已经破坏了该植物 , 一些伊朗否认了 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转换关键相比 , mdcsk具有多级数字信号可以加密的优点 , 通过多个croll加密参数 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、障碍和自然和实施创新的战略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	由hsqldbutil.runscripttool创建一个名为启动的方法 , 它获得了项目、主类名称和命令行参数作为方法参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运极球冠军和世界纪录记录中 , 伊斯纳·伊斯巴耶娃早些时候宣布 , 她是从运动中采取无限的突破 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易秘密法可作为社会利益的利益分配和司法选择与集成 , 以及贸易秘密所有者的垄断利益 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战斗人员似乎已经准备好吹大量的人 , 为了避免单一目标 , 比如高级政府官员或警察首席执行官员 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线显微镜是一种利用软x射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 它填充了光学和电子显微镜之间的差距 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	魏芳三能源集团有限公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业制造烟草提取物 , 索兰醇和尼古丁两大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼睛位置的正确率 , 提出了一种对面边界的精确算法 , 以及一种多级眼睛检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:建立客观口腔黏膜灌溉试验 , 研究了微粒氧化zrc大型金属玻璃的组织兼容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场吉尔伯托已经提醒了丹利逊 , 他的继任者在枪手中场的心里 , 接到巴西国家队的一场呼吁 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在几个c.i.a官员中 , 知道拘留和审核计计划的详细信息中 , 有一个紧张的辩论 , 在治疗期间绘制了线 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 开放的名字告诉我们 , 在东加华时代崩溃后 , 萨姆拉伊被失业 , 并在寻找工作的时候 , 把农村带走 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很感激 , 深深地辩论了他的视觉、偏见、dana和勤奋 , 给美国带来佛教 , 并且对所有的句子都有一定的贡献 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	simonellson , 一个对抗病毒公司诺顿的安全专家 , 强调说 , 要经常改变密码 , 避免重复 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测试 , 钢烟的表面处理只为0.008相对反射 , 吸收装置可作为理想的涂料内部 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学学的形象是我国传统自我改变的特殊现象 , 具有特殊的美学价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制度是汉武迪的原始创造 , 是秦汉政府官员监督和控制的成功经验的基础 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	会议后 , 另一个博客 , 周淑光共享他的印象: " 这表明 , 美国政府和北京都有完全不同的工作方式 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了提高铁石在这些领域的应用 , 必须合成单体超磁性纳米结构的高饱和磁化铁粒子 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声波b患者及前室角的镜像进行检查 , 然后在眼腔外观角提取外观体 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理阿卜杜拉巴达维正面对他的辞职 , 经过他的统治联盟失去了关键的地方 , 将军选举中反对党 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在电影之前 , 拍摄者在波斯尼亚州波斯多戈维纳战争中经历了难以置信的照片 , 因为他扔掉了电影 , 赢得了他奖的影片 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	本文综述了转化rol衍生物的结构活性关系和药理特性作为一种潜在的化学预防剂 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九十九条代理的义务 ; 按照主体的指导 , 按照主体的规定处理信任事务 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自从那以来 , 我们的双边关系使得两方的成绩显著 , 感谢两方的努力 , 两国在上层和其他层面有频繁的联系 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , radixpuerariae粉末的综合应用已经逐步提高了工业生产的重要官方和原材料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他是家庭唯一的工作人员 , 或者他是一个完整的时候学校的学生 , 他是一个学生 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	结果 , 分支的厚度对青年树有很大的影响 , 它与其生存率直接关系 , 生长条件和年轻的图形树的商业率有直接的关系 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本研究描述了激励导速度对心律节律的定量仿真 , 并用三维实际扭转几何模型对心律节律的影响 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的克隆生长架构 , 古拉和法兰克斯 , 最大限度上是研究克隆人口的最佳材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯金是纽约世界贸易中心的重新开发的主规划者 , 预计将面临多年的延迟和重大成本过度运行 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃免费的ampoule是由一个模具多乙烯或多丙烯单元组成的 , 直到用户激活的激活 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对当时中医教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者 " 的信是保持中医教育的主要内容 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	四个月来 , 荷兰男性中央委员会工作的乔尔和rachelhofman在地震中受伤 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与世界相比 , 中国的牙齿衰退的发生并不高于初中学生 , 更突出的是 , 更重要的是 , 是缺乏时间处理 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口增长了1% , 近40%的增长是由于外国出生的个体来到美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	没有任何国家突出欧洲危机的损害 , 已经对其经济产生了一定的影响 , 并通过17个国家单一货币区的一项行动引起了紧急需求 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	显著的氮消化性表现为二次曲线与饮食ip水平有关 , 最高的n消化率在18.07%的ip饮食中发生最高的n消化率 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	另外 , 吉利安还透露 , 在很多电影中 , 大多数拍摄都是 " 超越我们的肯尼 " , 她甚至还有这部电影为最好的女演员黄金提名 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc一直在稳定发展 , 阻碍了赢得的原则 , 在变化的行业和市场中 , 他们试图采取面积活力和稳定的提升 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统 , 通常的林肯在应急情况下被制定为违反宪法 , 因为当林肯在民间战争出现的时候悬挂了哈比亚的尸体 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人说 , 美国在生活中借钱 , 汽车不能卖掉 , 因为老太太太太 , 满了六个 " 经济危机 " 最终已经消失了 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清楚动物研究与一个祖母的hip替换之间的联系 , 父亲的副手术是一个婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至是宠物的射击 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk后移植失败的危险因素是角膜血管化、移植、食管移植或伪造症、前后同步症的存在 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	几乎所有的东西都是消费的 , 包括它的劳动布局和现在最常常装饰的品牌 , 35 ) ) 希望在销售的东西上 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 几乎所有工业都从上游到下游 , 从上游到下游 , 完全是印尼西亚:农民、工厂和工厂、分销商、销售商、销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰在今天没有解散 。 除非那些没有玩的其他人 , 比如艾默森和桑德罗斯这样的球员 , 还剩下了 , 还有西弗切科和马里没有被声明 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对景观建筑设计案例的分析 , 阐述了应用的文学流变学的意义 , 如高波、图形、符号化等 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了有效地捐赠调查对象 , 动物污染的植物已经进化了各种颜色特性 , 发表调度是其中之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定阅读我们参加比赛后 , 我失望阅读uefa动机 , 但我不相信我们会遇到任何额外的障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	潘尼·辛达韦22分 , 其中包括三秒左后的比赛 , 因为奥兰多魔法击败了92-90的防守冠军休斯顿火箭 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	全球信贷策略师martinfridson说: " 否则会在cds或超安全资产中获得更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一个是不用的土地 , 将增加森林覆盖率4.1% 。 水面前、公路、农田和其他绿色潜力在1.919.27%之间 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说家的情况下 , 浪漫的视觉倾向于表现自己称为 " 浪漫 " 、 " 高度、情感和象征形式的小说 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是2005年在德克萨斯州休斯顿举行的第一次 , 我们收到了2000万美元 , " 兰回忆道 , " 这个数字超过了我们的期望 。
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 实际上 , 现在我没有什么东西 , 就像汉姆斯或格林斯特一样处理这些小伤害----我可以理解他们 , " 26岁的孩子告诉官方比赛节目 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2中设置n至b或更高的内存布局 , 它不再使用段段d和f来共享库 , 并允许它们用于本地存储或mmapping 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但如今 , 如果我们要在这方面固定对抗文化的某个方面 , 那么它的神秘倾向和原则的功能 , 我们就不会对运动深刻的公正做出正义 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	霍斯顿地铁系统成功地测试了一种安全系统 , 该系统利用紫外线乳腺辐射来杀死某些细菌的99% 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 虽然法官的辩护和完整性超过了反复 , 但他对这项工作的封闭方法却限制了他对法院的影响和外部的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	吃:在这矿物中富含食物 , 因此有利于亚人饮食中包括:番茄 , 豆 , 豆 , 豆 , 棕色 , 柠檬 , 橄榄 , 洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	百度财务总监詹妮弗丽说: " 百度 , 中国音乐迷 , 记录艺术家和记录公司都会从这个赢得合作伙伴关系中获益 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线是昂贵的安装 , 第一家公司如此这样做 , a.t.&t , 创造了美国唯一的远距离服务提供商 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	本文以二级板市场作为研究对象 , 通过理论和经验角度分析了交易机制的目录、特点和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清除和反应阶段患者 , 高于alan氨基氨基酸转移酶和hbvdna水平 , 是抗病毒疗法的候选人 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 第四级城市的小天鹅 , 仅次销售海尔 , 占13% , 显然公司的未来性能将大大提高 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	13和19页面的子分区规定并不需要在哪里申请发行一个发行人 , 以公开编写其普通的公司债券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	我们剩下的一些事情是gsp中的jsp标记库支持 , 可能支持jpa作为插件 , 并对我们的单元测试基础设施进行改进 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	这种产品在法国传统上具有丰富的风味和蝴蝶纹理的产品 , 虽然在全年的南方食用更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次强调决策的重要性 , 组成和传递能力 , 因为球员需要知道在球场运行时 , 还需要知道 , 还是会干掉球 , 小心不要在球场上抓到 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道: " 坐在电视上可能不会让孩子看见 , 但一个孩子可能会坐在电视上 , 因为他或她或她近乎观察和不诊断的情况下 。 "
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 路沈承诺帮助库斯马·塔克希拉从销售渠道出发 , 帮助路沈长平岛结束了保证规定的位置 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次 , 冰岛形成于1962年 , 沃德·亨特·菲尔夫在岛屿上 , 小片的冰岛变成了海啸之间的真实岛屿 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能工业炉的开发及应用试验 , 如加热炉、热处理炉、冶炼炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果你从学校学校里学习过的话 , 那么考虑到这个问题:欧盟被认为是英国最大的大学 , 拥有超过200 , 000名学生 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏对现实世界的经验和实践知识 , " 负责高尔夫俱乐部的首席执行官杨小雄说 , 因为他的工作人员在希望的申请人员中显得十分重要 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 由美国和国际社会制定的几年后 , 一个更老的 , 但同样的结肠卡扎菲似乎被西方重建 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c和保护下 , np无释放的动力学对厚度的建筑和空间结构的影响显著 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	利用 " 蔡云 " 特殊座位和卫生保护功能 , 克服了使用摩托车座位的各种缺点和遗憾 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个主要因素构成了一个系统 , 科学操作可以产生良好的教学结果 , 这种科学操作也是新时代教学创新的具体措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	在这个殖民失败后 , 蝙蝠把军队的残余部队留在恐怖中 , 逃到他个人帝国皇家阶级的星球破坏者的外部地区 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监测器收集了有用的信息 , 例如在一个月内的ecr状态调查事务数量、ecrs数量等 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	据报道 , 韩国防部长在接受该报告后49分钟的事故主席朱汉联合首席执行官 , 当时他在52分钟后 , 国防部长凯姆·泰在接受该报告后52分钟 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	基于主的护理团队由几个护士组成 , 每天早上每次跳进小卡车 , 并向社区旅行 , 往往往是真正的stute2的健康需求 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	本体清洁剂的特殊喷水系统实现了两个州内的水喷雾 , 因此体清洁范围和体干净程度的改善了身体清洁程度 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	他们到达机场的场景 , 随着飞机的登陆 , 他们的笼子从飞机上取出了飞机 , 被广播在日本公共广播电脑nhk 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一块金色锁 , 看起来很厚 , 但严重的隐藏在一个丑陋、紧密、紧紧密、细小的帽子下 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	据报道 , 150年的业务调查显示 , 三分之二的公司促进利润虽然剩下三分之一的声称已经失去了他们的团体经验 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安迪:是的 。 但是卡塔尔还可以穿着银牌 , 拥有巨大的骄傲 , 它真是一个黑马 , 它在另一半决赛中击败伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家 , 评判电影 , 指控张先生给达蒙先生的一部分 , 应该去亚洲演员 , 被称为白色洗衣的实践 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 像极端程序和敏捷发展这样的概念使得很多同样的好处 , 没有一整个人在编码上抽取的团队 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在矩阵组织、研究风格组织和非边界组织的情况下 , 我们的选择是基于给定的环境和目标的 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	香料包含许多香料 , 猪肉rib产品和脱水的春洋葱 , 根据不同的味道添加一些香味 , 面条会很美味和香味 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	这种自由主义双重标准伤害了韩国人民的感觉 , 另外 , 骑着粗糙的学术意识 , 改变了历史的真正面貌 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这永远不会 , 永远不会这样的存在 ; 当时 , 当时我们在离开的列表中加入我们的时候 , 当然这位朋友将会生存到我们的身份来承受我们的身份 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 那些36岁以下的爱情社交网络的年轻人预计手机内容特别是音乐和视频 , 特别是免费 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号在一个非常高的频率和两个样本之间的差异被量化为获得数字信号 , 比如:sigmadelta代码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	因为他们像我一样 , 我想 , 没有改变我总是有一个成功 , 个性是现实 , 但我喜欢一个阴影 , 让我 , 让我看 , 这是我的错误的吗 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年后 , 填充物表面的元素汞的95%已经经过化学反应 , 变成了硫化物 , 一个黑色固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18个公园位置 , 位于18个公园位置有一个电气室 , 这个地板上添加了四个储存的电气设备 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	最近 , 主流的生活视频流动服务 , 感谢最近的hiba在学生的一点hiba , 只是公布了一份新的白色标签流动视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:ac袜、电路断路器、dc夹克、数字开关、dip开关、emi滤波器、融合式滤波器、钩开关、关键开关、微开关、微开关、推开关等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他有超过10年的数字媒体生产经验 , 与视频工作 , 还有影像和声音 。 他广泛地旅行 , 追求社会和环境问题的长期项目 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于卡斯托尔的赛跑历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳发动机性能在最艰难的骑行条件下增加加加速度 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	国民平均价格现在上涨四美元 , 最高的平均价格 , 比如阿拉斯加、加州、加州、康涅狄格州、华盛顿州 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米体系的小小尺寸必须被视为强场 , 这使得非线性反应非常重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可以保护h2o2受伤的内皮细胞 , 可能会在预防和治疗缺血再灌注的疾病中有一定的作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	阐述了1 , 4-二氧氧化物含量测定的方法 , 利用头空间气相色谱法 , 讨论了头空间的因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	因此 , 服装一个温暖的浪漫新家园 , 温暖和过度的婚姻床 , 自然成为优先级之一 , 传统的部门商店在床上 , 所以如此搅拌池塘 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	基于其它生理学现象的频率滤波 , 随着室内节点导致的基础和增加 , 降低室内节点导致的频率 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常检查规则的特定收集 , 您可能希望将它们结合到自己的规则文件中 , 如清单2所示 , 这个规则设置进口基本、命名和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年2月14日 , 一名警察在东京东京国际鲸船委员会的特别会议上 , 一名绿色和平的成员在抗议中编制了一只鲸 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	结合现有的食品市场 , 可以保持长期和稳定的出口 , 利用比较优势解决我国食品的供应平衡和需求 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	分析和总结了高桥墩裂缝在控制和防治措施中对铁路政策的种类和原因 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为防止和解决交易者群体 , 必须扩大公民参与、改革行业治理结构、共识建设机制的兴趣 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北阴凤外 , 六个绝对是寺庙 , 还有一些强烈的高山河 , 地狱运动了十个宫殿绅士 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨机器人csr2辅助系统在经皮控制放射频率rhizomy的临床应用价值和临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称 。 戈尔德 。 戈尔德 。 一起 , 粘贴的线条和观看zany图像困惑 , 同时学习比例 , 匹配比例 , 比赛 , 比赛和对称性 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到上世纪60年代 , 石油和气体产生丰富 , 这个小型、规模化、胰岛半岛的小型、胰岛的小型、小型的胰岛半岛 , 让单个城镇的大小 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另一个观点是 , 随着卡梅隆先生现在放弃了 , 一个 " 革命主义者 " , 同时也是一个渐进的主义者 , 她的目标 , 经常没有提前广告 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	1991年退休后 , 他保持了一个低档档案 , 尽管加拿到了奖项 。 他是由妻子存活的 , 高度声称北京剧歌手姜静 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	这项研究显示 , 世界上最受欢迎的网站facebook , 成员花了205亿分钟 , 上年的3.1% , 增长了56% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	特别是因为所谓的sctymuuus , 匿名的anglican对手攻击不仅是这些六名新闻部长 , 而且攻击了米尔顿 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个未知的原因 , 有时候他向祖母推广后 , 他坐落在星球纳波的皇家宫殿里 , 他帮助精英皇家飞行员训练 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的进口形式和妇女 , 明星巴克限制了女性从开放的平衡经济和麦当劳的女性制造商和女性队列分别为其手术 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子将会从最高的原子轨道中出发 , 这是能量最高的 , 因为这将是最高的能量 , 因为这将是最小的能量 , 它需要项目 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我的爱来坐在我的身边 , 当我的身体颤抖时 , 我的眼睛和我的眼睛滴下来 , 夜晚的黑暗 , 风吹出灯 , 云朵在明星上画出的云朵 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你 , 坏了 , 希望永远会是 , 谷歌的搜索结果不好 , " 阿密斯·辛格写道 , 谷歌的同事 , 在博客上 , 谷歌的同事们写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	尼桑的首席创造力官shironakamura说 , 该工作室将 " 加强我们的产品竞争力 , 亚洲汽车行业继续看到鲁棒的增长 " 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用这个rm时 , 请仔细打开颈部和胸部10毫升的ampoule , 将ampette10毫升的ampole从ampoule进入250毫升体积平坦 , 并通过纯化水带来体积 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不再能看到像猪银行一样的恐惧 , " 格鲁萨克逊历史的一位当局 , 他的任务是对工作人员的财宝的目录 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过分析不同的超元衰减过程 , 推导出了重超元对超元生产率和最终极化的一般公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数地方美学都是临床上使用的相对水理分子 , 这些分子通过扩散到或通过细胞膜来获得阻塞网站 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81个钢筋钢纤维加强混凝土梁试验 , 以及66个加强钢筋纤维加强sc梁的试验结果 , 确定了模型中的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	该网站还使用了一个自定义版本的开源博客服务器apacherollerweblogger版本4.0.0.12 , mysqltm数据库服务器 , 并且缓存 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	比萨尔看600米高的建筑 , 自足的水和能量 , 被贝吉亚设计师维尼·卡尔巴特认为是由于纽约罗斯福岛的设计人员 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 盒子 " 仍然坚持把这张脸色的胶原放在水中 , 更好地告诉大家这个产品和瑜伽的饮料味道一起 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	鉴于其对慢性日常头痛或张力型头痛的影响 , 瓶状素表现为吸引力剂 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母的行为放置在一个体重的侧面 , 那么你决定如何在你的孩子中建立健康自尊vs.低自尊度 ?
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	" 他说 , 时间是最大的问题 , 中央当局对当地政府的一般原则 , 所以政府有表格特定的标准 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法被侵犯 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	上面的这张幻像在大峡谷中显示了由科罗拉多河创造的分形模式 , 红色表示了在图像中植被区域 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 未出土的化石追踪鲸鲸到一只狗类似的饲养植物的前辈 , 遗传分析已经确定了鲸的最近生活的亲戚 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维组织图表由加固混凝土构成 , 其中每个教室或工作室占据分化的体积 , 允许整个院子看到的环境 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	二十世纪末期的 " 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 正在影响人们作为全球化时代的新兴学科 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用封闭相比 , 标准封闭使人们可以在标准数字模式编写邮件编码 , 并为后台工作人员提高信号排序效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规格的水珠、南阳珠、新鲜的水珠、珠珠、半孔松珠、3/4松梨珠和完成珠宝珠 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高建筑设计中建筑师在建筑设计中承担的生态、效率、经济效率和经济财富的责任和义务 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	根据质量波孔数据 , 分析了中侏罗系煤层分布特征、煤承载性、煤层组成期 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	作为一个例子 , 应用最大轨迹优化方法 , 给出了两阶段球道导弹的最大轨迹优化 , 并用数字和表进行比较 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开源项目的基本原因 , 并没有关闭的资源秘密点技术 , 是我们对销售或支持它的业务没有兴趣 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	一些物种在洪水期间被洪水淹没 , 只有一些高度的草地生存 , 具有较高的耐旱性 , 主要的物种属于草原和孢子科 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	他们抓住了每个人 , 把他的剑扔在他的同胞的旁边 , 所以他们一起摔下来:那里叫赫尔卡扎扎茨的地方 , 这是吉本的 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述了一系列不断破坏的ias患者 , 通过神经外科医生在 " 内血管内血管时代发起了一个专门的脑血管病实践 。
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	由政府和农村政府提供的公共物品的不平衡已经成为城市和农村地区的深化原因 , 影响城市和农村地区的差距 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过权利和侧向 , 通过液压液压液压系统驱动的一瓶笼罩 , 指出液压液压系统存在的问题 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	苏格兰皇家银行的香港经济学家benimpendorfer说: " 外国批评家们将看到今天的数据 , 并争论更强的元增 。 "
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行的比例说 , 9月底的比例是健康的11.6% , 数字低于其它两家大银行 , 他们的股票是公共交易的 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于子处理和滤波后投影算法的新算法 , 以估计广泛适应成像中心散射中心的异性熵 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我在达科塔北部一个孩子的时候 , 我母亲为她的五个孩子做了烹饪袋 , 当时她已经做了 , 她把热带从锅里拉出来 , 把他们放在纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	通过热轧厂实践 , 考虑了轧制区和表面级之间的约束 , 以及由于放电温度的影响 , 制备了轧制区和轧制区间的约束 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一个数十亿美元的法律建议 , hsbc二次雇佣kpmg , 一个会计公司 , 探讨madof先生 , 但当银行担心提高时 , 银行未能执行 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	除了等待伦敦的消息 , 还是从母亲的一些国家悲剧中抽出来 , 一些国家的爱情和嫉妒 , 在这里 , 整个故事在他面前 , 整个故事都是在他面前的 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟的业务 , 他曾经参观过奥斯塔 , 一百英里的萨凡纳河 , 他已经在这座城市旅行了很远的内陆 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	研究和鉴定结果表明 , 陕西省各种辣椒病毒病毒的病毒品种有显著的cmv、tmv、pvy、tev、tev和bbbwv , 其中一部分是混合感染 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	19世纪的后一个世纪监狱 , 一位马菲亚神父被报道为他的生日与香槟和洛布斯特庆祝了他的生日 , 已经赢得了nickname " 大酒店 " 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997.11年执行 " 临时管理安全基金 " 之后 , 我国安全基金已经得到了迅速发展 , 短期获得了良好的结果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	1610年 , 印度东部一城市 , 位于巴比东东部 。 建立于他皇帝荣誉的一座马索勒姆地区 。 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主要的课程选择外 , 本俱乐部还提供了一种反映中海和海鲜食品影响的tpa 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另外一个见证 , 尤里没有给他最后一个名字 , 告诉俄罗斯州的第一个通道电视说 , 冲击波很强 , 把他扔到地板上 , 把他的帽子吹掉 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列表示 , 军队在攻击后只使用手枪 , 并发布了一张视频显示军队 , 将直升机从一个直升机上升到一个拥挤坚持和俱乐部的人群 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	利用9种生态类型的日本水稻总量为59种 , 分析了f1混合材料的主要品质特性 , 并对其在交叉集中产生的303种混合材料进行了分析 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	印度的一个人类学家ruthfreed发现 , 印度的家庭用窗帘来改变他们的公寓 , 用窗帘来分离男性和女性的空间 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了投资问题外 , 他的心理健康和物质滥用主管shekharsaxena说 , 低收入国家还有很少精神健康专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言的相对优点往往会变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员确定为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	一个白人学生作为研究参与者 , 当他简单地留下房间时 , 种族主义的评论使得了一个黑人参与者的评论 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论腹部切口中只有足够的超临床脂肪的缝合 , 还有在腹部切口中放置橡胶排水是一种简单、有效的防止肥胖患者脂肪液化的方法 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同的npt的氧源供应和氧需求的重要因素 , 但在恢复时间需要特别注意的时候 , 体温变化是影响体温变化的重要因素 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京日报周六表示 , 北京警方预计将在国内暴力中进行交流 , 作为法官穆尔将对妇女权利保护和利益保护法律进行修正 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 大豆饮食纤维胆囊中多糖酶明显改善 , 确定了大豆饮食纤维胆囊的加工技术 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	菲特奇说 , 希腊银行在东南欧和土耳其加入收入多样化 , 但这来自于更加挥发的经济 , 一些经济也经历了衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河道追踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀登和面向的岩石 , 会见室外生存 , 拥有多种技能在游戏中 , 一个探索团队只是个体成员 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	比尔伯利是蓝莓的亲戚 , 被称为黑色的紫色 。 比尔伯利自然含有甲醇 , 帮助支持健康的眼睛功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	毫无疑问:微软与blogospher的所有角落都有一个打击 , 即使在beta形式上 , 公司的新桌面os是从博客台的所有角落中收集的 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	累累了和可预测的答案 , 比如 " 我是一个艰难的工人 " , " 我是由新机会在工作采访中学到的 ? 你应该考虑奇怪的问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	冯玉54 , 是浙江省台州农业研究院新型迪卡混合水稻组合 , 由台州农业研究院和浙江省林海种子站开发 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们问问题 , 提出了s2 , 所以s-1最大化这个表达式 , 作为后面的绅士说 , 我将分化 , 然后我将设置等于0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他主要的转换齿轮 , 你花了大部分时间在大学准备进入考试的人力资源大学毕业生学位的第四年 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺乏是心理描述 , 可能在行动、rub描述中 , 另外 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 本文将看起来更为活力 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为专业电缆制造商 , 国王信号的产品主要服务移动通信、数字微波通信、航空、多媒体、多媒体和军队 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	探讨了tim沙沙沙山道的文化熔池 , 建立了另一个王卡尔威夷电影 , " 春季表达式 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 学科的生命标志稳定 , 代谢支持明显 , 表明:我们建立的生物人工肝支持体系是安全、稳定、有效的 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在左边 , 缺乏观察力 , 激励公司意味着改变努力将永远不能证明政策制定者的成功 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	湿磷酸净化萃取液的方法包括:第一步 , 用热水浸出和提取有机溶剂 , 然后空气热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品设计是基于16世纪欧洲和其他eras的古典线路的 , 可以修改和组合到个体客户的欲望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	蔡元北是一个伟大的思想家 , 教育家和革命家 。 从他的思想、词、行为、行为等方面 , 我们可以知道他的伟大思想 , 哲学家的性格和一个伟大的男人 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	恒水湖发展生态旅游的优点是环境、植物、野生动物、历史、文化 , 我们也必须注意到一些问题 , 首先 , 关注整体分布 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双条rna制备后描述基因沉默技术 , 改变了油厂主要脂肪酸的相对比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据周一报道 , 中国继续成为世界上第二大经济 , 与日本的1.42万亿美元相比 , 与日本每日的1.37万亿美元相比 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	国家反恐委员会表示 , 特别部队杀害了2名军事和拘留者 , 并且拘留了第三个人在莫斯科郊外的一座城市发生的一次袭击 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道染色和电子显微镜观察了脊髓前角形态学变化的典型模式 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:分别对164名患者进行康复教育、心理劝说会谈娱乐活动、各种心理学支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 对赵永明的诗歌写作生命意义进行了分析 , 证明了诗人可以实现女性视角的原因 , 以及其价值 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行积极向贫困国家财政部长贷款 , 受到贫困国家的平衡 , 困难 , 急性失业 , 以及后果的内部失业 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以在大程度上存储目标区域 , 结果表明 , 非目标区的密度可显著降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	从多个角度通过运动缓慢的运动反馈证据收集 , 风格的遗传已经没有被困扰 , 他准备好准备到niu卡方面道歉 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	四江流域水污染主要来源于国内废水 , 然后非点源污染也是影响产业污染的重要因素 , 产业污染的产业贡献较少 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文试图通过对儒家儒家、道教、道教等思想的影响 , 探讨军事主义思想的文化根源 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一种修复的组织表现为水平、平滑、平滑、平滑、平滑、平滑的组织 , 与周围原生软骨融合区的胆固细胞更成熟 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	探讨脊椎体和肺脂肪栓塞的关系 , 以及水泥注射速度与pmma泄漏的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	2007年8月12日 , 特洛伊 , 2007年8月12日 , 巴伊系统在国家防御工业协会的权力和能源症状中展示了一个原型的普通模块电力系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	中国国有一家来自中国国有企业的代表 , 2007年 , 中国冶金集团公司访问了一家铜矿的网站 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态远远 , 快速处理速度 , 健康状态的皮肤细胞 , 表面的表面有3倍以上公式的非酸性皮肤精制剂 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	如何热烈欢迎在沙底房间的一杯冰绿色的玻璃 , 向头环绕着颜色 , 外面的阳光是海外的圆形 , 和尘埃燃烧的道路 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿下演报道了利比亚叛军运动中的分裂 , 并使她说的是第一个 " 纳塔拉伯联盟 " , 为抗加达菲部队提供军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	在lbj的 " 伟大的社会 " 等时候 , 一个 " 自由 " 的人是一个声称荣耀的人们 , 为了避免财政和支出其他人民的 " 自由 " 的投票 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	自2003年开始以来 , 由微软基金会创造的保罗·艾伦 , 自2003年开始以来 , 艾伦学院已经组成了一个较少详细的人类大脑的atlas 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦巴勒斯坦人说: " 日底 , 解决和平是两个平行的轨道 。 以色列同时没有解决和平 。 "
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇人说 , " 世界上只有一条路 , 难以置信你永远不会重新报复他们 , 你一定要在整个年里沉默 , 没有说话 , 也不会笑 。
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	开放的山羊欢迎所有商人参加全民主、自主、热带、潜在的生活改革的集体建设 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	今天公布的这项研究显示 , 非法调查已经下降了50%到75%的卡梅隆、印度尼、印度尼和巴西阿马逊之间的50% ;
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺在一起保持更好或更糟糕的人 , 对于更糟糕的、更糟糕的或更糟糕的、更糟糕的疾病和健康的疾病、尊敬和珍惜 , 直到死亡等人 , 直到死亡做了我们部分 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京 , 17年1月17日 , 15日中晚 , 15名当地时间 , 新华 , 匈牙利首都布达佩斯 , 一个拥挤的碟子夜间邮票 , 杀死了三个妇女死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	如果你选择雇佣移民代表的移民代表 , 请查看cic的移民页面的移民代表 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学拒绝的实践特点 , 内在地包含了批评与建设的方向 , 是基本的解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究的系统不仅可以显示折叠和故障 , 还可以应用gis函数 , 分析了自动生成地质剖面和折叠和断层的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从新的角度 , 提出了一种基于遥感图像的多个特性分析方法 , 克服了基于像素的分析方法的局限性 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会进入了汽车增长的峰值时期 , 汽车所有者在他的汽车中花费越来越多的时间 , 从车辆到危险人类的健康不能忽视 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph激光扫描活性 , 降低功率 , 总酚类化合物的总量 , 抑制了对羟基基和超氧化亚胺基的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , 机器人还向中国介绍了其他先进产品 , 包括主批、导电化合物、喷墨颜色、气凝胶和专业钻井液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但是 , 智能网格或精密农场 , 在哪些机器相互信息 , 使后续决策 , 明显减少能源使用 , 因此 , 温室气体污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	任务 " 发现和视图病人记录 " 可能由大多数组织使用 , 而且任务 " 创建和更新病人记录 " 可能只是由承认和前台工作人员使用 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	结构光线的主要缺点是不能通过光源来获得无视的点数据 , 或者不能被光源照明 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件dclet.tml被引用为该插件的内容表 , 该文件将为eclipse左板的层次信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	提出了许多隐私存储算法 , 包括相关规则、分类规则、分类、聚类、聚类等 , 但几个算法是为外部检测而提出的 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女性和男性在很多简单的任务上工作时 , 比如搜索一个关键或做简单的数学问题时 , 女性同时显著地表现出了男性 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	上周 , 由129名法律师联合到奥萨瓦先生投票 , 爱德纳诺先生不能支持 , 作为党领导人 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改善常规免疫:合作关系集中在减少贫困和措施等疾病 , 同时也帮助建立更强的基础 , 为新的和现有的疫苗交付提供更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	塞拉莱昂总统的发言人贝·科罗马是西非联盟的首席执行官 , 他说gbagbo的出口是不可谈判的 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育可能并不重要 , 但你可以在门上获得足够的进步 , 更好的是在汽车和柴油技术项目中培训的基本前景 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了更换健身金卡 , 请通过区域休闲服务办公室或体育中心提交这张表格 , 并支付25美元的费用 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	大中帕胡椒 " 大穗 , 肉 , 厚厚 , 色泽鲜明 , 丰富 , 丰富的味道丰富 , 品味丰富 , 具有 " 中国名法 " 的声誉 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:对天津市10所医院呼吸部门的253例急性细菌感染的253例患者的临床资料及抗生素耐药性进行综述 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	简要介绍了水理表面和降渣原理 , 简要综述了近年来水理表面制备的新途径和新进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效率和精确分类已经提高了地球磨削效率 , 从而提高了系统321的跑步矿产输出 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我正在寻找一个 " 出口 " 的时候 , 我被湖江的头部受到了一个灵活的计划 , 为我出生的女儿 , 现在已经有5个月了 。
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	额外的清洁技术包括使用无针塑料喷嘴来大量洗牙 , 用中度压水洗牙或软洗涤 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	美元标志教授总是宣布最新的革命管理技术的出生 , 或者最热门的 " 吸收 " 的发现 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	今年8月 , 在一份报告显示 , 美国制造业在8月回到了一年半以来的第一次扩张 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	" 建筑是加州伯克利大学建筑部主席玛丽·卡里奥说 , 这里有40%的上升机 。
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	该设计由法国建筑师jacquesrougerie , 一个基于水的建筑工程的老兵 , 并被联合国文化机构unesco支持 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放的左翼空间 , 桌子里有四个创始人 , 桌子中间的一个小男子站在屏幕上 , 四个是圣雅根 , 等等 。
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 , 利用matlab软件分析了自适应梁形成和da的服务算法 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	指定了两个双拉马单元 , 作为每个lcs无人表面车辆的通信设备包的一部分 , 开发出了这些战争任务 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 律师捐了他所有的负面、专辑、摄像机和个人日记 , 从这些照片和文本中 , 我们发现了一个经常和优雅的生活故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	空气压降低 , 所以气动学效应如拖动和提升 , 最终导致球速度快 , 比他们更直 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	世界股市由msci测量 , 本周高达51/2周 , 将近一年的一次破产点 , 因为投资者将数十亿美元的现金价值达到工作 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	综合介绍和具体分析 , 对学生的运动和教师的手工手册进行概念、选择、组织、组织和展示 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你太疲惫了 , 把电话卸下 , 锁上门 , 打下帽子 , 整个周末在家里花了整个礼拜 , 完全没有什么 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	就像辽一样 , 一个早期的亚洲内部 , 丛林保持了一个中国式的官僚制度来规定他们的后果和内亚的部落状态 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 它感觉像你一样熟悉 , 比如在mdardara烹饪一个柠檬盘 , 以及在熟悉周围的陌生感 , 比如东京今晚的东京 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林峡谷的关闭 , 平均高和直径也增加 , 但单位面积的数量减少 , 以及从任务到均匀的更新采样变化的分布 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含任何自然乳液组分 , 在人类皮肤过敏反应、非毒、无害、无害、无味、无味、无味、无味、无味、无味、无味 , 拉好、耐久和良好的粘结 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	二十岁的弗吉尔 , 刚刚在橙色的水里洗澡 , 正在把红色的红色叶子扔在皮尔特内拉的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们在这里使用这种工具来增长自己的twitter存在 , 以及在每天的基础上 , 已经学到了关于twitter最好的实践和工具最好的工具 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗主要通过活性抗肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤特异的抗肿瘤特异性抗原来产生特异的免疫反应 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	从冰淇淋和瓶装水到电灯 , 汽车和航天器都带来了众多的生命交换发明 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月末 , si发表了他的指控 , 这是中国研究社区的新线程网站 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	无论病理结果或病毒特异性cd4t细胞反应 , 可急性检测hcvvin感染患者的hcd8特异性cd8t细胞反应 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我还感谢布鲁斯先生的家人 , 为他们的全心支持 。 李先生的寡妇林达 , 个人帮助我们准备一个前居民的布局计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	shin以前的solo努力包括2005年专辑 " 特别感谢.........最好的选择 " , 后来 " 累累 " , 但他最新的攻击 , " 这是我 " 标志着shin的第一张专辑 " 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市 , 体育模块已经从当地政府中获得了陡峭的承诺 , 作为他们的足球、篮球、篮球、踢球和篮球的支持价格建立新的宫殿 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于瓷器是陶瓷 , 所以玻璃类似 , 它的表面平滑 , 且不像老边缘材料一样 , 它不会被染色咖啡 , 茶 , 红酒 , 红酒或烟雾吸烟 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉范蒂格林设计是一家国际采购商 , 来自澳大利亚 , 需要购买纺织材料和织物的产品 , 家具 , 家具 , 纺织品 , 礼品 , 陶瓷 , 装饰品等 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重的绝对增长、前肢体重、后肢体长度、前肢长度、后肢长度、后肢长度、后肢长度和第三腿长度均显示正常分布模式 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	西班牙 , 意大利 , 意大利 , 希腊 , 出现在旧文化立体型的时候 , 部分与荷兰、卢克斯堡和德国关键 , 以及西班牙、意大利和希腊一起工作 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式也由王庆山、凌志华、王锦涛、王锦涛、美国副总统约伯登、国务卿、国务卿希拉里·克林顿等陪同工作人员参加 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	拉丁的思想充满了传统心理治疗的传统观点 , 引发人们查询这些基本假设 , 规定了他们的生活和思想 , 留下了心理实践的标志 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰·莱德罗·格里米在西纳官方网站上说了下一场对米兰的联赛: " 是的奇怪我对米兰踢球 , 但是现在我在西娜 , 想赢得这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验结果表明 , 该模型在2年前产生的pca预测精度为95.8%的内部样品和93.3%的外部样品 , 同时通过改进的方法97.5%和90% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	他说: " 这项预算对我国的未来的债务增加了更多的债务 , 当时乔治华盛顿是总统 , 弗兰克林·罗斯福和林肯·约翰逊和乔治·布什总统 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	哦 , 看到你的巨大的脸部和眼睛 , 手臂 , 腿部 , 腿部 , 腿部 , 脚部 , 腹部的胃部 , 表现出恐惧 , 所有的行星都是恐惧 , 所以我这样做 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	它还有高级教师 , 所有有外交学位 , 其中包括一个与国家关键的教师名字 , 两个与北京关键的教师名字 , 六个与厦城关键的教师名字 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	描述vti介质的宏观速度模型与当前速度估计方法一致 , 同时可以同时适应同步的同步熵、弱的异位干扰和强有力的异位干扰 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , ptp-1b对ir表达水平或活性的变化可能会影响胰岛素签名 , 可能对ii型糖尿病患者的胰岛素抵抗有贡献 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国首席执行官达林与他的部长红色调度盒 , 离开11个下街 , 路径将年度预算送到共同的房屋 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	用mttt法测定了nk细胞的杀死活性 , 并通过间接免疫荧光荧光法测定了t细胞子群-4+、cd8+的增殖率 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园可能是扬尔多的房子 , 真正的湖泊 , 全部设备高端家具 , 所有礼物 , 地主有益 , 沟通好 , 贵贵贵族气体 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在精子和卵巢中 , 证明了钙信号在一系列复杂的过程中具有很大的作用:吸收、环境反应、细胞成熟、培养、胚胎清洁等 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南东选择的质量吸烟猪肉 , 加入新鲜的鸡蛋 , 纯的孟加豆淀粉 , 姜姜 , 小的磨沙油 , 搅拌成粥样 , 倒入铸造 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	突尼西亚的选举和前利比亚领导人穆巴马·卡扎菲的戏剧性谴责已经推动了伊朗赞助的情节 , 以减轻沙特的敌意 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	上海媒体集团广播有限公司是一家由上海媒体集团开发的品牌新广播电视客户端 , 使人们能够观察ics的复制权限程序、生活和vod等 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 北埃塞俄比亚南部的一个城镇 , 孟尼克皇帝决定在1896年击败意大利人 , 以确保埃塞俄比亚独立的认识 。 人口21 , 107 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是 , 在这个例子中 , 只有你才能意识到 , 有些更多的思想和智力的运动 , 我不知道这里的智力设计 , 智力设计可以更有效地解决这个问题 , 就像正确的那样 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体周二报道 , 今年4月7日 , 意大利中央意大利的强大地震造成至少150人死亡 , 伤亡大约1500人 , 大约7万人无家 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事官员 , 摧毁者的帆船员 , 编码ddg169武汉 , 进行了全面的运动 , 重点对快速响应、检查和模拟攻击进行模拟 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗的消息都是 , 我没有做错 , 我只是在这里遵守法律 , 我在这里为我人民服务 , 尊敬我民族和民族群体的传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	就像以前的袭击一样 , 星期三在香港的北部繁忙的北点地区 , 涉及到腐蚀液体 , 显然从附近的高层建筑中扔进了一个拥挤的购物区 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	就业水平最终是由集聚需求决定的 , 而集聚需求则由中央银行认为经济可以承受的 , 没有犹太人的稳定价格 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究对象每周吃蔬菜整个食物 , 每周从脂肪中吃了10%的卡路里 , 每天走了30分钟 , 使用压力减少技术 , 每周到一个支持组 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街道上站着共存 , 各种手工的南方 , 拥有ivory和木雕 , 木雕 , 森林鸟 , 花 , 花 , 形状生活类似 , 是游客购物场所 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究旨在描述台湾成年人正常强度的规范 , 探讨了年龄、性别、高度、体重、数字长度对钢筋强度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州公路104个国家道路 , 北京上海铁路通过北部和南部运行 , 自古以来 " fdbwa3 , 九省彻底 " 的地方 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年代和1970年代 , 由于大规模的363英尺的火箭发射阿波罗宇航员到月球 , 这是最高的火箭 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何在远山地区生活的迈奥妇女如何得知尹阳鱼 , 汉文化的典型象征标志标志标志 , 体现了所谓的阴阳哲学 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生说 , 周二和周二 , 学生在大学的管理建筑外保持了几千名学生的和平示范 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严肃地实施了17届国家国会的精神 , 为抗腐败工作和诚实的政府建设 , 9千索希 , 6 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 商务部发布 " 数千名农村 " 的商务部通知市场 " 正式发布 " 数千名农村 " 的市场作品 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	建立在其专业的基础上 , 三星nx10运动了大型3.0 " 的电子屏幕 , 提供了远远的明亮和清晰的图像 , 比lcd屏幕更清晰 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能导致一个 " 极性冰盖熔化 " 的结果 , 迫使人类与凯文·费斯纳住在船上 , 或是海湾的流动停止 , 把纽约城转化成巨大的冰块 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险小化原理 , 研究了误差惩罚参数c和内核参数对支持矢量机一般化能力的影响 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过全称句的分析和全名句的概率逻辑体系 , 我们对全名句子的感应接受具有良好的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	听到她的常规 , 基督教教徒克里斯托弗·克什肯斯 , 一个极端主义者 , 显示 , " 当喜剧主席平台 , 他们成为法庭主席 , 国家成为巴拿共和国 。 "
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	作为突尼西亚公共债务总监詹姆elbeelhaj , 认为 , " 这是我们保持固定和浮动率债务的最佳组合 , 来管理我们的债务服务成本的重要组合 。
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	设计了电子控制和诊断系统 , 如发动机、柴油泵、柴油泵、齿轮箱、计算机、刹车、asd、asr、srs、电气屋顶控制、dash板和ac/加热等 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	律师协会应当根据律师法律师法律、律师协会法律、律师协会法律规定的专业自我规定 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	老年创伤患者的循环不足是主要原因 , 但对心脏不足分化有必要的 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们在社会和情绪学习中谈到了五个核心竞争 , " weissberg说 , " 自我意识、自我管理、社会意识、关系技能和责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 净水 , 水洗 , 水洗 , 屏幕 , 旋转鼓屏幕 , 喷气扩散器 , 泵 , 泵 , 水滤波器 , 带滤波器 , 粉末隔离泵 , 泵装置 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了一种基于ullcoupler的oadm的基本原理和仿真方法 , 尤其是在ybranch结构的交叉会话中 , 以及一个直接激光的耦合性能 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治wbush正常被10pm、托马斯·爱迪松、拿破仑、拿破仑、康多拉齐扎米斯的床上 , 以及最著名的海明威都是拉克斯的 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	结论:通过酸性和碱性水解、氨基酸分析、氨基酸酸分析和tg方法 , 建立了某些相互分子交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 并敦促联合国对某些传统武器的约会 " 一个协议 " , 因此 , 为集群武器的使用提供立法性 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 在经济价值的基础上 , 这些损失将进一步达到800亿美元至900亿美元 , 使得整个危机时期的信贷损失总额减少1.7万亿美元 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	星期五 , 苏pachai的评论来自美国代表家 , 预计将再次投票 , 预计在周一公布后700亿美元的救助计划下跌 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可证人希望在这里提供资金的许可证 , 并且许可证人希望从许可证人、无签署、地理限制许可证人获得的许可证 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	在发酵的瑜伽小时基础上 , 我们用新鲜的牛奶作为原料 , 加入了稳定剂 , 蜂蜜 , 精华 , 糖质进入其中 , 产生乳酸细菌的果香饮料 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	诗人iannisritsos曾经称为monvasia " 一艘石头 " , 那些曾经访问过 " 垃圾 " 的人 , 萨尔托夫 " 为 " 现实世界提供了一个新鲜的逃避 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种情况发生时 , 胰腺产生更大量的补偿 , 用胰岛素水淹没血流 ; 血液中胰岛素含量高 , 血液中胰岛素的胰岛素已经与癌症有关 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	本专利的支出公式 , 在临床证明 , 男性激素调制的5个关键阶段来解决男性激素调制对男性年龄的影响 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行消息显示 , 虽然全面采取被看作是一个伸展 , 但有些公司可能会在亚洲引起hp的目光包括中国雷诺夫集团有限公司和台湾电脑公司的竞争对手 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	论述了农业结构调整的必要性和思考 , 根据湘潭市农业现状的调查和分析 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单基本模式垂直腔表面传输激光器在光网、光学连接、光学存储、激光印刷等潜在应用 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年的支出减少了1.3% , 国防部推荐德国近几个军队基地 , 减少了250万到18万军队的数量 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	邱林是新的 , 重量对她很好 , 但她在别人眼中是假设的 。 </p><qulin去了董事 , 坚持自己 , 导演欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	2008年的第四季度 , 严重等待着增长的数字 , 就像泥泞一样清楚 , 大多数分析师一样 , 他们正在努力解决世界第三大经济发生的事情 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全国的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的破产法律 , 应该恢复当前的法律缺乏个体破产的缺陷 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过仿真和修正 , 得到了更准确的实验数据 , 得到了亚麻氨基多米度的标准曲线 , 得到了线性系数为0.9995 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累回答 , 但由于我正在提交 , x , 只要将x变得越来越负面 , 再次会变成无限循环 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	副总统约伯登回应今天与nbc采访中 , 共和党对共和党的反应 , " 我听到了很多批评 , 但我从来没有听到任何东西 。
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一个独特的环境 , 山区对居住的生活形式的艰难试验 , 然而 , 挑战提供了适应和进化的必要动机 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 它可以帮助实验 , 使葡萄糖等离子体能产生理想的de值 , 并能显著降低实验的数量 , 节省人力资源 , 金钱和时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 所有的东西都被认为是主机罗伯特·西格尔问安东尼·卡内瓦 , 乔治敦大学教育和工作力中心主任 , 如果数字正确 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个人经营 , 邀请你的配偶或重要的其他人 , 一个信任的朋友 , 知道你的业务 , 如果你可以付出一个小时的费用会计或律师 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国对能源的丰富的饮食使得国家的风险达到了 " 高峰煤 " 的风险 , 当需求出现国内生产能力 , 越来越多的专家相信的时候 , 煤的需求将会导致国内生产能力 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了雕塑陶瓷的工作 , 虽然抽象 , 但在自然世界 , 但简单的曲线和不规则的形式探索生物理形态和结构增长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节约计划被管理在孩子年轻的一个非常积极的资产组合中 , 随着孩子已经在大学附近的年龄 , 将更保守的投资组合转移到一个更保守的投资组合 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中晚的粉末习惯 , 成熟的水果是白色的皮肤 , 小的绿色 , 高淀粉 , 高质量 , 适合冻结的治疗或粗糙的粉末 , 早春种植 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国拥有4000家公司 , 据百度资金签署的第一季公布 , 在客户中 , 百度广告只有百度 , 只有百度只有161万 , 0.4%的持有公司总结 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	越来越多的思考 , 观看雅虎开发商网络的采访与nyt的桌面获得了frid , 高级软件架构师在时间开幕后面的男人 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在icrp1990建议中 , 介绍了一种新型的重量因子-辐射量因子wrrr , 以替代吸收剂量平均值的质量因子q 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	介绍了一种基于拉里格图信号的全球闭环瞬间的算法 , 建立了连续演讲信号的最大幅度 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	利物浦经理今天晚上八场比赛中总统的六场比赛 , 利物浦总统声称他是 " 100%的 " , 他的球队将开始攀登桌子 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这种技术来目标gm植物时 , 我们可以简单地识别并且杀死意外释放gm株并没有打击传统的植物 , " 沈告诉scidev 。
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上拖出来 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " billhopik在msu的一位相关心理学教授比尔·霍皮克说 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	虽然许多人继续识别黑眼睛 , 但佐勒表示 , 只要没有太大地应用 , 它从来没有真正出现审计风格 , 就会吸引人们 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	上海、深圳、广州等地区 , 中国的城市增加了大多数货币 , 上海、上海、深圳和广州分别举行了12、22nd和23rd 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	结果 , 即使选项提供的灵活性小、反应性小、可扩展性小 , 更容易使用静态vxml文件 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然的生活 , 党的生活 , 我们的情绪 , 聪明的触摸 , 高兴的心灵 , 清新心灵 , 强烈的海泽香气带来了多种味道 , 突然不可避免生活 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata , 另一家大型采矿公司 , 在多明尼克尔矿的一家镍矿在多明尼克尔共和国 , 转换其电源供应 , 而不仅仅仅仅在煤上运行 , 更昂贵的价格 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据重要价值 , 北京武陵山自然保护区的植被可以分为3个植被类型、5个植被类型、42个植被类型、42个形成和139个协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的东西 , 因为如果你在宇宙的直径附近的答案 , 那么你会知道你可能会犯错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2010年1月15日 , 美国宇航局的太空热排放和反射辐射辐射器在nasa的太空卫星捕捉了这些虚拟分子图像 , 以及2003年1月21月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	由于schistosome基因组学、转录学和蛋白质组学的积累信息 , 深入了解单个分子的功能 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死海矿物改善皮肤细胞代谢 , 减轻肌肉裂缝和刚度 , 保护身体对流体损失和平衡酸碱水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司内容为硬化、正常化、温度高、中等温淬火、新型钢带炉淬火、水泥、时间冻结、高温处理等 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	南东华大学南东华大学化学工程系 ; 马海燕 ; 北华大学化学纤维和聚合物材料修正国家关键实验室 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约:美国nasau县警察在周五在最好的购买电子商店外的马背巡逻器 , 标志着传统的购物季节的传统开始 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国帮助者罗德尼·克宁汉姆的志愿者 , 感谢为低收入家庭提供感谢的食物盒 , 他将得到一个盒子自己喂养自己的四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 武镇有一种营养能源 , " 今年剧院的艺术主任梅金惠说 , " 武镇在内容和预算方面 , 他们已经给我们完全自由 。 "
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	经过欣赏展览后 , 列先生在展览上买了几种方便 , 并查询了购买图片的业务 , 显示出心情对主人作品的影响 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	分析了纤维级宠物芯片的检测结果 , 来自内粘度、死亡甘油含量、熔点、碳基结束、色谱、聚合粒子、粉末等 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在以下儿子的眼睛里 , 富有的宽阔的大范围都在参与到了美丽 , 纯粹的犹太人脸上发出了光线 , 显示人们心中对完美的生物精神造成了贡献 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 元石庄皇帝库布莱在统一战争结束后 , 坚定一次发出了南方消除城市墙 , 严格禁止修理 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在移植动动脉平等表达的肾脏远端管和上皮细胞中发现的pdgf表达 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	职业教练朱莉·詹森说: " 我不知道我想要的东西 , 但是我知道这并不这样 。 " 我告诉客户不要把薪水弄清楚 。 "
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	任何水平的地方政府预算包括政府在低水平上转移的收入 , 以及政府收入的补贴或高水平的补贴 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	也许你有些愉快 , 令人惊喜 , 光荣 , 甚至在一个贫困的房子里 , 设置阳光从窗户的窗户中反映出来 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少有20名当地马德拉萨学生已经消失了 , 大多数可能在阿富汗加入战斗 , 塔利班后卫甚至试图阻止传统的音乐和舞蹈在婚礼上 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据中医学院的诊断和程度的标准 , 采用中医学院的呼吸分支 , 选择81例中等支气管哮喘患者 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这是基于aix5.3中第一个出现的变化 , 当你再也不再要关闭严格的maxclient , 增加了minfraee和maxfree , 或者减少了最小的 , 最大程度和最大程度 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	cboe波动性指数或维克斯.维克斯 , 华尔街所谓的恐惧规模下降 , 尽管早些时候股市下跌 , 但交易商看到更少的原因是买保护 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教议会议会于1999年在澳大利亚开普镇举行会议 , 南非 ; 2004年巴塞罗那、西班牙、西班牙和下一次在澳大利亚设立 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在击败北美 , 在其流感季节的尾巴结束 , 可能是病毒可能会彼得出并重复秋天 , 但这给我们准备好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 每场比赛都很好 , " 拉姆奥多姆星期六说 , " 所以我们下午10分钟左 , 剩下六分钟 , 我们知道我们可以回来 , 赢得这场比赛 。
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , tmcs的成立和证明了进入公司客户系统的工作流程 , 依赖于航空公司的订阅和服务能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	在一份声明中说 , 保守的消防火品牌签署了多年的交易 , 作为福克斯新闻的贡献者 , 电缆频道的执行副总裁 , 保守的火品牌已经签署了一份多年的交易 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	最近几周美国高级官员承认 , 国际社会花费了500万美元的估算 , 这项投票将远远不够完美 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	他们还补充说: " 因此 , 在设计研究中 , 需要考虑到饮食习惯 , 以评估味道丰富的食物、抗氧化剂活性和变性疾病之间的关系 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后我们说 , 如果你看电子的元素 , 还可以实现octet稳定性和电子转移 , 如果你只是一个小的电子元素 , 那么你就可以实现 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效位置算法和误差估计 , 提出了基于切比shev地图的公钥方案的改进 , 并提出了一种基于切比shev地图的关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇胺、甲醛、氨基醛和氨基酸三聚糖制备了六种新型schiff基底三聚糖 , 并对这些化合物进行了合成 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带来了一些旧包装案件和破碎厨房椅的座位 , 以及那种类型的东西 , 把它们传播到rafter上 , 这样就可以做些地板 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 可口可乐南太平洋运营广告称为 " 母亲和mybusing " , 特色是澳大利亚女演员克里·阿姆斯特强 , 声称可乐是 " 孩子安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 人类胚胎肺外交纤维细胞的恶性转化可能受到cofc诱导 , 可能有潜在的致癌作用 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光在单晶硅薄膜石英基质上生长或单晶硅薄膜石英基质上或单晶硅薄膜石英基质上沉积缓冲层 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私立二级学校不可能成功地成功 , 受益于自己的环境 , 吸引高素质的学生 , 学校必须有很高的质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论h2的表达状况与胃心腺癌密切相关 , h2的阳性表达是胃心腺癌的预后指标 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcr技术对两个细胞线中cxcr4mrna的表达及其表达进行研究 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	然而 , 纽约的基于生命保险公司的表现从未失踪的华尔街预期 , 因此 , 纽约的寿命保险公司提高了其155亿美元的美国生活保险公司 , 或许多公司的购买资本 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	如groovy或ruby这样的语言中构建脚本更容易阅读 , 更容易 , 有更少的集群 , 锅炉代码 , 以及构建脚本可以更好 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马的秋天并没有破坏新文化最重要的张力和重要的方面之一 , 罗马天主教会仍然成为新文化的中心事实 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西利先生是最大的联邦党领导人 , 是一个80岁的抗议者 , 他曾经花费了他的生命宣布与共和党领导人如adams这样的共和党领导人共和党领导人共和党的想法 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国的婴儿增长者正在退休 ; 在欧洲 , 市场正在灰色 , 印度和中国大量的毕业生面临着高品质候选人数 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年的新生电影是基于投机人员的内部土地抓住的 , 以及在20世纪30年代 , 欧文山谷居民的水和权力部战争的 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	在gb/t-19230.62003中指定的m11发动机测试台上 , 采用gb/t-19230.62003指定的测试方法 , 研究了不同油在空气进口阀和燃烧室的作用 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果数百万名海地人能够移民 , 那些多米尼亚人 , 荷兰人或萨尔沃多丹人认为 , 海地承诺会给经济带来巨大和持续的困境 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记住 , 中国拒绝对日本的游客 , 并保持三分之一的日本武装力量 , 防止他们被转移到其他合作力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我想我说 , 虽然我不会直接把金融输入到我们的家庭 , 但是我做的志愿工作足够重要 , 但有些人得到的支付 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回气氛更加突出 。 </p><p>11周 , 11岁的雨碗和一起吃 , 两个人在老周感觉好信号 , 如果有一个人觉得他耳朵很好 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	相对新的竞选组织 , 例如英国不切入将在节日加入传统的政治参与 , 包括贸易联盟 , 以及锡核 , 绿色和草根群体 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	采用双峰特征 , 指出了平北地区的平衡温度 , 这意味着在平湖水库中至少发生两次水碳填充 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	流体如此热 , 上奥多维古代古生物温度上升50°c , 至少32倍以上的碳酸碳生成率增加了50°c 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	本文研究了高温蒸汽生产的高温蒸汽 , 高温蒸汽处理对绿茶中gcg含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧形轨迹的几何模型 , 并给出了其分析解决方案 , 提出了一种新的目标攻击分析算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我的观点中 , 有一个晚宴会可以加强朋友的友谊 , 但不会忘记我们不应该放弃别人的痛苦 , 而享受自己 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	本馆由12个透明的橙色圆柱体组成 , 展览的各种功能:会议室、会议室、信息布局、食品站点、广告栏等 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中海文化年礼物 , 全球文化大使最后将在印度海洋上举行珍珠 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业馆附近城市文明馆 , 日本一直关注世界博览会 , 肯定不会失望你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧、东欧、澳洲、澳洲、中东、中东、东南亚、东南亚和美国 , 我们每月对许多地区都有规律的运输 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三百五十二条合同的有限订单可以立即执行订单 , 或者必须立即执行完全或其他条款 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的忠诚对他的主权 , 简蒙玉是一位诗人 , 学者和著名部长 , 相信儒家在朝鲜和西模武时期的儒家主义 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	妇女的服装 , 装饰 , 夹克 , 夹克 , 夹克 , 擦衣 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 分开裙子 , 裤子 , 裤子 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部和短裤 , 胸部和短裤和短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	具有 " 大感 " 的业务正在绘制一个声音来绘制颜色地球作为良好的信仰者或未来的蓝色印刷的描述 , 或者指出未来的一代maze ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	结果表明 , gekogecko可能改善患者的卵巢功能 , 缺血 , 缺血 , 缺血 , 缺血等 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的探讨用电镜检查对脑plex损伤的诊断率和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	结合某些项目实例 , 计算了桥梁可导航宽度 , 并分析了几个建议 , 提出了实现当前导航标准的几个建议 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这个乌拉队中还有一个惊讶 , 马西·佩西拉的伤亡时刻 , 将最后一分钟的比赛转化为荷兰的防守者 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月270年3月27日出生在华盛顿 , 爱尔兰美戏家歌手和非洲venevenezuelan工程师父亲 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地部队的平衡利亚松官员 , 警告司机们 , 如果他们的旗帜飞离 , 他们会面临攻击 , 打击行星或一个自行列表 , 伤害他们 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 随着以色列新鲜思想的六天战争记忆 , 他通过亲吻一位犹太妇女 , 芭芭芭拉·斯德里斯和电影中有趣的女孩 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄站在远处 , 沿着柔软的绿色谷流过 , 所有人都有很少知识的海洋 , 作为三年的暴风雨和激情的孩子 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品不仅表达了社会诗歌的抑郁和不断的历史和不稳定的灵魂 , 而且达到了当前事务的完美融合 , 以及ci的美学特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	2008年 , 由球迷组成的最模糊的帕丁森承认 , 他仍然被用来到球迷赫斯特斯特尼亚 , 当时他第一次在第一次电影中扮演了瓦菲·爱德华·库伦 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	当危机未折叠和市场的时候 , 所有银行都价值的时候 , 投资者看起来很便宜 , 预计收入在18至24个月内正常化 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 进一步的武器削减 , 两者都希望 , 可以顺利协议在2010年提高电池核不扩散条约的协议 ;
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年7月7日 , 2010年世界杯半决赛中 , 西班牙的卡尔·普耶尔在德国超过了一场目标的球员曼uuer 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	福特表示 , 在恢复过程中 , 增加信心的迹象下 , 将开始推动其库存水平的400 , 000辆汽车水平 , 保持在最近几个月 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街表示 , 总理大卫·卡梅隆决定停止使用财政作为两个工资的个人摄影师 , 因此避免 " 公共发布的错误信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自从2010年2月选举以来 , 元科夫奇先生已经搬到两个方向 , 巩固自己的个人权力 , 同时也追求与欧盟的经济整合 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 用重复备份 , 单杠液压盘前刹车 , 液压后脚刹车 , 冲压钢轮 , 冲压钢轮 , 红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天的大电视屏幕上 , 42岁的伊丽莎白 , 42岁的父亲面对她父亲的父亲 , 她的父亲在24年的时间内完全恐惧 , 经历了一小时的记录证据 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐将提高1.85万美元的皇家公园 , 为第二部电影提供场景 , " 桥琼斯:原因的边缘 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自从1956年英国独立以来 , 苏丹北部领导人在反叛的南方向扩大了他们的权力 , 为过去48年的一场公民战争而奋斗 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这就是 , 直到十九世纪的伟大考古发现 , 直到十二世纪的发现 , 这是我们在东方的伟大文明 , 我已经画出了一个很明显的生命地图 , 同时也是我在这里 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福德c.伯恩斯坦分析师jeffreylndsay估计 , 雅虎的独立价值接近25美元 , 每股价格上涨至25美元 , 与微软或谷歌的任何交易有关 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	突然他遇到了危机 , 我不会进入银行的深度 , 因为他们想赚更多的钱 , 以及我们的投资银行 , 华尔街头发布了不同的抵押贷款 , 所以 , 所以他们想要让我们的银行更多的资金和我们的投资银行 , 更多的投资银行对抵押贷款发布不同的报告 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品的副本 , 总共分布了381块 , 所以 , 让他们能够向欧洲学者发表访问 , 杰伊达瓦教授在他的 " 引入马达米基哲学 " 中写道 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家isobekatshiro和mizunoryo继续遵循日本beau理想风格 , 其中一个用铅笔绘制了昆虫世界 , 另一个建立了它的奇怪气氛 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有几个其他旅游区 , 比如欧元岛 , 寺庙 , 寺庙 , 圣诞节 , 宇航局 , 宇航局 , 宇航局 , 宇航局 , 多拉多 , 飞机多拉 , 大多数游都是未知的游客和当地的 。
