there is a television in the middle of living room .	在生活房间中间有电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新建筑上 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果必要的话 , 我们将发送一个电话家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	你把他们固定在你的第一个aid厨房里 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	这种不可避免的犹太人是不可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他过去在顶部的猫 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但是他的老师评论: " 你还不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	然而 , 这也是中国梦的一年 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	我将在2010年10月17日加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里没有什么东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料的供应很大提高 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种行走跟踪器在柴油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一个塑料覆盖类型的作家 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它的螺旋结构由锥状红色显示 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们在自由电荷免费的学生 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是心理学家梦想在夜间 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那他不会突然离开 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了评估唱歌批评 ; 鼓励 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人被嫁给赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得100美元 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多要求一个小精度吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力是由反应力失败的 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	联系旧知识 , 揭示新课程 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	肯定是华庆池 , 是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	我的小烛台都烧了 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我已经叫它 " ikiwiwikikiikiiki " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	疾病受害 , 死亡受害 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	指示每个阀门操作声水平 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们在直线上被拆成 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	b:地方正在看到飞船的鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在维拉塔回来之后 , 巴黎的一党 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	你有些人来自狭窄的jail细胞 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	萨尔玛问她丈夫的丈夫在家里的时候 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我采取深刻的习惯 , 抑郁在新鲜 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	2003年早晨 , 我是一名编辑 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	随着这种伟大的胜利来临不合理的预期 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近有很多战争来做 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但是 , 固定的因素是物种之间的矛盾 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听到那样 , 她的脸对嘴唇有白色的感觉 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	这并不足以说有一些经济增长 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子如何消失 ! 它有许多尘埃 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后约翰让人离开 , 每个人都向他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	在案例中 , 有一个字符libra的集合应该会议 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	在家里 , 几个乘客希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了doap家庭页面的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆车去 , 一辆车 , 两辆车 , 一个人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古老的野生和多尔文连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我在我的荣耀上 , 我知道没有什么东西 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一概念是绑定/unbind方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多·布朗有几个破坏的风险 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲利是一种特殊的负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活中最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是计划3的反对 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	即使是孩子 , 摩西也选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家的家庭变成教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看到parley.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储十个月的沙迪房间和干燥地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	给出了每个细节中的每个选项 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在宠物店买了一只喷雾的鲨鱼 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性被系统使用 , 并不应修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 杰克的狗狗就走了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰拉已经忘记了他自行车下跌了 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	当然 , cream和糖糖吗 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的接待却是最平面的 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅再次在公园上遇到约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我已经失去了我的词典 。 请给我留下你的 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英语文章使用这么困难 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这是我们怎样得到farehrenheit范围的 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说话 , 她没有与世界联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由交叉部分连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克里默:我发现美国机构高度问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去通常所有的事情都是科技博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	不 。 这是人们如何指出小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她等待法国的病人来完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁定都有下面的基本属性 。
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些是各种用于惩罚者的包装 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接穿过阿拉科建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400大窗口转移开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为 " 细节 " 的垄断属性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的哥哥哥和年轻姐妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	所以 , 家庭保护家庭是什么 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 奥比亚发现她在她的口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 没人跟他一起 , 没人跟他一起 。 "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在 , 我们有很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米比太小了 。 苏太小了 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰的话 , 就不会离开它 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	柔软的皮肤 , 红唇 , 所以可吻 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意元数据存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他作为敏感性但是强烈的记者 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	它都看起来是所有的元素 , 都是相同的 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	文件系统必须被改革的文件系统 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	拉迪:你意味着 , 你有吗 ? 爸爸 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	星期一你觉得我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	通过软件开关设置支持j1939 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生已经与星节工作了 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	赢家是第一次在一个空间里绘三个人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张宾简单回答 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看起来不再像惊人的肌肉制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛变成小峰峰 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	离开了她的爱人 , 她把自己放弃了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的人总是不总有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个公园 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	消息通过观众发出了一场令人震惊的声音 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后将电池驱动到轮子里 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请回到学校的完成形式 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张照片值一千个字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这是错误的答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 霜 , 海浪回来了 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	这种类型是旧的 , 已经滑滑了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的伙伴可能是本周可怕的 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我对我所有的权利的行动相反 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	删除链驱动轮 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是一个英雄的角色 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但是 , 飞机没有给他们提供机会继续的机会 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要把它放下来 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子太紧密 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	塔西里弗:好吧 。 是你的幸运吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	增加真正的持续表数 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送到大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一声喊道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联的凯特正在在在他的阿森纳 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水从他的喉咙上走 , 他开始选择 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花朵和精神一样 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们住在哪种土地 ? 是好的或坏吗 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一条冰山 , 驾驶着河边 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 或其他伤害 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	没 , 我觉得你可以去 。 我甚至不能得到法兰 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的颜色中 , 把一分钟放在一起 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	克里斯特对他的母亲说她想哭 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道 , 50年内最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你觉得这些想法更加抽象的东西 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个学期 , 我一年去看可能父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法对甲醇的原材料进行分解 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	对于她的眼睛来说 , 与爱情一起闪亮 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但是信用是汽车业务的生命血液 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者有一系列的序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你有经历在你的帕杰玛的经验吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬头发很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和他的妻子是一个幸福的夫妻 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 有很多关于它会涉及什么 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决策中得到了错误 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我会直接回家 , 是什么 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行动并没有与他的话组成 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 。 他很高兴 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	然而他们太太变化了睡眠 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写了这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一位巴根...谁担心的同事 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在这个数字游戏中 , 它转换到1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请改变一间浴室的单室 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但是改变的事情是不明显的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行员从来没有看到任何事情 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	过度喜欢 , 她跳出房子 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	情感冲击生活 ; 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	这使我们的家庭变成了有趣的帐篷 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或许是周期是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以 , 这是溶液混合的地方 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能给我一个左到下一个城镇 ;
enter a few new lines after the input box .	在输入箱之后 , 进入几条新线 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	一个:不清楚的绿色来这里 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有通讯都在编写 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 米迪克·莱特斯在时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以在家庭里造成糖尿病 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	一个网站已经选择了新学校 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他把他的兄弟换成目标 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的花朵 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周也许是一个例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导体:银镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	我还没有从杰特拉格回来 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	一个扭曲符号亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮完全变成西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生儿子里提到了这些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但首先 , 有人必须把他们带进他们的交通坦克 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们的房间 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后照亮火的东西 , 燃烧它 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章都可以在我们的书馆中使用 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住这是坏的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 没有什么 , 债务将是巨大的 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	我记得回来 , 我在家里遇到你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停止每头3200美元的钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有关闭问题 , 你就需要修改这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司法设备 , 用户需要联系我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策并不基于人民的愿意 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我叫的时候 , 他正在做汉莫克 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上一张传递的照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	容易 , 你的耳朵就像圆柱 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嘿 , 你是免费的 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3 。 罗伦宾的顶尖 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我在工作 , 伤害我的心 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得那个微笑 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿色的飞机还可以用植物干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场18岁 , 18岁的河板 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	这样 , 我不想一夜飞机 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过公共汽车 , 因为他得迟了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 枪手在手里 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 。 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	好的 , 我们可以考虑在项目0 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么最好的党都是在岛屿上找到的 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	具有直线和上升 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	房间里放了一个新的储存 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	本公司是电力产品的一个世界领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一只双双胞胎的女孩 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	开发了fmi操作器的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深刻的事情 , 正如你教学 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 !
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给它提供一些数据来解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9海默钻着每个婴儿 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来那么悲伤了他 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	这是我第一次爱 , 我也怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你需要在非hk股票中传递吗 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在已经在我家里了20多年 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗会学到新的攻击 。
minutes of board committee meetings	董事会委员会会的一分钟 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们发现在迷人的时候被惩罚 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头上滑动 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接会员拥有一个超级的洞 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	l值和r值之间的区别 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	好的 , 你不能有任何消息 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好吧 。 我有五分钟左 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是一段时间的东西 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	紧张计数可以很小 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远离大连是如何来自lvshun的 ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	在哪里安装灯具的地方 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 自从心中 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国迅速上升了这个共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁将赢得背骨的战斗吗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	相反 , 要生命 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	几年前我记得来到这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员对思想和平的和平 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图在火中保持他的头 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看吗 ? 猪肉也喜欢食物 , 还有 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛与宗教和喜悦感到愉快 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须持续 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	很多地方都有很多地方来获得资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们仍然是独立的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵们在一个酒吧里躺下来 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 太清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把他的声音降低到一个黑人 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本气体申请检查 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是一个白色的x扇吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最爱的三角之一 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是带着你的财务 , " 她说 。
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我非常满意 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的部分感兴趣都是不可避免的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望下次看电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤亨庆 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和这些衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但是它也是现有的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	这艘船在火箭头上飞行 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他是必要驱动的 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班上有五十名学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我要买那美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你喜欢在麻烦的水中钓鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我会带我的叶子 , 像一只蝴蝶飞行 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一个3picemafile适合 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	帕萨尔·吉塔:确保有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	设计的色彩类型物种并未被发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	奥克森已经给世界带来了巨大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长的监控器放在铅笔箱里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	其他人说 , 如果他们欺骗 , 还是给你买了 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	你的脑部锁定时怎么样 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	我将飞到月球 , 如果我走过翅膀 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	好的 , 我的贝尼斯实际上是什么 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树 。 时候是年轻的 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们都是哈佛 , 所以我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	这个帝国失去了他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一个1970年停止他的技巧 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他把tweener放在胸部 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	远远处很高兴 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想要绿莓成为我的职位 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还写到了莫诺图片的前面 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维罗特说 , 她将达到边界 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	这个男人从我的口袋里抽出一笔笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她会在晚上运行她的线路 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他的暴力比玛丽更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在重雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆唱道 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿着坏的衣服 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	当苏菲亚回来时 , 我们必须开始开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说的妈妈时 , 我看着牛奶 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼 , 你怎么谈 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	史蒂克虽然是皮革 。
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	晚上要做多长时间 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫能影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗衣机vbelt ;
the young tree has struck root .	这棵年轻的树有一条根 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂挂起来 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学英语歌 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须明显降低 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 这是黑暗的 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们允许我们存在于这些变化 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你需要两个文件和困难他们 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	怎样做好的系统验证测试员 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你指的最低点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校 , 但在生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李先吃吉姆 , 赢得第一个地方 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	问:你每次都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人觉得那么冷了 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	谢谢您呼吁日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	耶和华拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴将告诉他们他们有枪击我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	猴子李玛丽去哪里 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢得一些 , 你失去了一些 。 这是生活 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那一年 , 我们是陌生的 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体在地板洞中发现 。
knive are used to cut things .	knive被用来切割事物 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何不雨雨 !
peace is always relational .	和平总是关系 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克跑得怎么做 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要把她从她的职责中脱去 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年最聪明的血液吗 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我觉得这夜会带来什么 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你忘记我这么痛苦 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进树木 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	答:感谢我为你解释 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	杰夫喜欢与杰登玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想告诉生长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	这并非你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在另一个油变之前 , 停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	工人打起了城镇 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果并没有苹果苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有的事情变化 , 我们都与他们改变了 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以他们从门里走出来 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我觉得他们最后的胜利只是一个流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	此外 , 他只是一个婴儿 。
lily some money me the other week .	李莉有些钱给我另一个星期 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是paisley的第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们向他们等待 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试着睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以用手术治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	政府被抓住 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在巴格里克找到一个错误 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听到一些人跳舞 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是良好的种子 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须改变训练 。
beat me half to death with it .	把我一半死去 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃太多的汉堡 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她曾经有惊人的感觉 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后在周末艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	狼的跟踪是怎么大的 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大型动脉残疾性 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成了安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上跳舞 。
the bill was sent to her room .	比尔被送到她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	你的车手工或自动化 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它帮助你不在那么多 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这是我认为金融是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他上 ! 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	这个程序的独特性是什么 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我从来不能把他们放在吗 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸的指导 !
losers hangout with losers .	失去者和失去者一起丧失 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	一个羞愧的感觉来到她 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候都面临座位带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	如果这个模式是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家庭 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请驾车快 !
tingting seems nervous .	看起来很紧张 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是鸟儿的观察者 。
she banged up the receiver .	她抬起接受者 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发风格 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手意味着鱼 。
but there's reason for hope .	但是希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的文章如何从秩序出来 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一只鞋子 , 跟着出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么能把价格放在生活上吗 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你知道什么 , 他是什么 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像一只脂肪蛋糕 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得同样的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同的领导风格工作 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有许多方法杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里是很多油珠 。
one rope here , one rope there .	这里有一条绳子 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们把刀打开 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义了三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花了金像土壤一样 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些转变成 。
power elevation mill head .	电力发电机的头部 。
that gives me the creeps .	这给我一下睡觉 。
ianto: that's just me .	ianto:这只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是安排的主机 。
it was from the sugar i think .	这是我想的糖 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么修改呢 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得很热 !
and put bomb craters in there .	把炸弹在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧演奏了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我有一些小班 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动并获得股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	放在大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	好 , 我喜欢马德里 !
it does have intentions .	它有注意力 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你没有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	面对死了 !
what is the name of that process ?	这个过程的名称是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的aq朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个都是小 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自我学习吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建a.tc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但是它仍然是我做好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 。 这是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	所以 , 我怎么做 ?
when did you start to act ?	当你开始行动时 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢莎米波 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的伟大的母亲 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是一个工作穷吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学汉语 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 上帝走了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的 。
what's montague ?	什么是印度 ?
time never comes back .	时间从来没有回来 。
as in organ donor .	作为组织捐赠者 。
are you a salesman ?	你是一个销售员 ?
we just don't know .	我们不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础的 。
i could feel it !	我能感到它 !
d a digit	ddidiititit 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车规模是简单、快速的 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	为了救援这些失去的羔羊...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发商谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	照片俱乐部拍摄了一张照片拍摄 。
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以我们在20年中期做出的选择必须是很聪明的 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单位矢量 , 那么我应该把这段时间延长 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	webian拥有大量的铁墨机 , 香港注意到今年的手 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续作为学校的行动原则 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这表示事件电子总能量的总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近年来 , 大脑中的水平适应是研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义下 , 它是自我编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	无论如何 , 或不能满足父母的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	随着你kayak的迅速飞行 , 随着大量的墨西哥河 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将重新修复自己 , 或者可以留下几年 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践的面部表达 , 我就像一只狼一样 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这次发生了五次或六次 , 猴子是非常愤怒的 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	所以我们认为dwarf突变剂 " ddddf1 " 是气敏 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	正如上帝的王国一样 , 所以在上帝的王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	很多传奇有关兰特节的原因 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	在妇女的情况下 , 通常包括性假设 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	睡眠是防止宫颈癌的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	关闭笔门的门口 , 防止羊离去 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	听到它的多态度 , 是在他的医学里的承诺 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	我看到你自己有一个马罗松鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈妈 。 我会教她去骑边 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它提供了相关应用程序运行的机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	台海还有另一个名字 , 福西 , 是古代三名皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	扭曲可以帮助减少内部机构和淋巴动物系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	男性马拉德·杜克是他们长期著名的 , 精神病 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	即使解决立即问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	然后看到 , 看到你走过的眼睛 , 不像是愚蠢的 , 但如智慧 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	rubbermount ; 有限元模型 ; 静态弹性 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创造中国杯上海路站建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领土中 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	你是否走 , 还是不错 。 周末我只有时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人来说 , 我觉得他最大的抽屉是像一个或更多的双方 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误方向上得到了很好的醉和模拟 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	阿富汗贸易协会收到的数字 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到我们只有一个生命 , 也只有一个生命来增强这种结论 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个快乐不能分别从农民中分成廉价黄金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	任何没有否认自己在那天 , 必须从他的人民砍掉 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	福尼酒店开始推荐两个人和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪王家事故和罗拉 , 中国的意义 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:嘿 , 我是凯瑟 , 凯瑟·琼斯 。 你的名字是什么 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	马米是薄的朋友很好 , 所有我最好的祝福都很好 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗尼 , 鸟儿和牛仔喝了蜜蜂 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好的是 , 这是一个直线的走向 , 还是不会呢 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场繁荣是稳定的 , 供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都反对他们 , 书店 , 因为你知道 , 你知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期债务的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	你可能意识到在数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	你也可以尝试使用谷歌的先进命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们也在希腊人社区的情绪 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市都有城市和乡村双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他会很错 。 他是一个伟大的总统 , " 他说 。
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个轻微的金属声音 , 就像一只袋子里的大鼠一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我完成了 , 没有指向歌曲和舞蹈 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停止消息 , 男孩 ! 我试着做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪钩可以在任何功能的进入或出口中应用 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我在商业之前 , 不过这次我在这里看着 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季 " 是美国的长期建立的机构 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	它似乎大多数中国人使用一个修改的模块 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局的荣耀板 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的测试人员帮助把几个外围人放在酒吧后面 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试我们最好的努力减少损害 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	德国每天吃早餐的印象75% 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	googlegooglegoogle网络探索商与chrome的市场共享 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	这是我第一年的女儿买赛季票 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他也祝福我们 , 我们能记得我们前辈的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	处理铁路和银行人应该建立无锈钢管 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天安 " 平方是世界上最大的平方 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化的骨髓病毒疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	塑性变形的应力通常是压缩性的 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是我国最大的粮食生产区之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里·布莱尔在乔治奥威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个森林 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了设置这个任务 , birt提供了数据探索器视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:嗨 , 凯尔博士临床 , 我可以为您做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	sergio:是的 , 它肯定是最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	这是令人惊讶的 , 男孩能很快解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	让我们建议你在私人分支中有一个子团队 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写给了时间和杂志心理学 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经在科学中得到了分歧 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术通讯 , 也许人们可以从这个方面获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我意味着 , 你已经谈论这并不适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 手持式计算机是否是吗 ? " 问道 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新的思想正在融入年轻时代的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	另一个细节我喜欢在这个鞋子里有另一个细节 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来更长的干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员都搜索自己或她的图书馆 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	创造就在三月神的共同爱上帝的共同爱情 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你会让他们永久吗 ? 你会花什么 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	很好的程序员为代码清晰性添加了代码性能 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我哥哥学习自行车 , 尽管我 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季的季节是我们的 , 与我们一起来的季节来临 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在每天使用之前发挥它 , 例如错误的重要调用 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们用来大量非毒性动物 , 像小熊和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这也许是第一次英国人与其他人联系的第一次 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	没有关于伟大的英语野生花朵的东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究差异家庭pair的分裂性abelean组 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	维数限制的任何parcel应该被修改成更小的一个 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个薄的 , 白色的男人坐在一个木头座上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但是他仍然承认基督徒 , 因为他们面临死亡 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五步你可以帮助你的机器运行很快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	这份报告在埃尔蒂娜·奥蒂茨的伤痕中发现了这份报告 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , 一个cms存储在数据库中所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	这种程序类似于论文流速率法 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的母亲正在为客户提供一些巴nafritter 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	左边的寺庙是罗马皇家哈里亚的庙 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接由消息接收器做 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:吸烟是有毒的 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效应和罗根图的间隔 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我推荐所谓的 " 小城英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	描述了使用钛机的应用条件和方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	无论咖啡因是否能清晰 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	9to5工作调度模块提供足够的时间来放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ? 一个例子的例子吗 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船不能找到任何东西来捕捉船里的海啸 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名士兵在恐惧状态下放在一百名士兵 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	你总是可以在下午或上午的时候进行攻击 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	总数在贫困线2010年:815 , 755
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	韩国居民说 , 飞机已经破坏了三块 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国家日的来临 , 我有一个星期的假期 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应是在现实上出现的 , 但在现实上可怕的 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	男孩玩着他的强点 , 减少了他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这是我们还没有拖着莫利的地方 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我当前生活的一个必要城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须遵循调查 , 直到所有事实都会发现 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论腹腔诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	旅客们用海病变得很绿色 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请用清洁纸后用清洁纸的绘画 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一个诺贝尔沃曼在她自己的右边举行了vis账户 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	这样做就会帮助城市污染的危害 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多特殊技术为拱形学提供了贡献 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态生态生产力和森林产业的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算在每个分区中执行的平行 , 数据是数据的 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员已经确定了汉武的炸弹 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道炎症是一种常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	断裂是人类可读的描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	推动各种部门的努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不会遇到任何两个条件之一 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这吗 ? 别的事情吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	米托尼亚的克里亚克隆尼亚的危机密切相近 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早晨 , 大多数爆炸的山羊应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我觉得它会与展览的人一起提高笑容 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些东西 , 一些东西可以把这个男人倒下来吗 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你继续收集 , 就会有数据的财富 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	这些 " 兄弟 " 睡着 , 双方都是同样的恐惧 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥利亚人 , 但我想去家里去看塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁的 , 所以我会做电影很慢 , 很慢 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	感谢奥巴马的所有纳萨切割 。 你大责任 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们应该为所有无限的影响 , 所以回到 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 到年底 , 它已经发现了:它是一个虚假的警告 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数人都要求他的年龄保持他们接受的谴责 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我感觉很沮丧 , 别感觉如何做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要的步骤 , 也可以是最好的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	蜘蛛也已经变成了关于开发信任的更多相关 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	委员会控制说 , 莎利波夫已经报道 , 这个crew正在感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	在自己的力量上 , 通过很难实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	一个:绝对不错 , 它给团队一个分配机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你形成的桥梁 , 你所知道的所有人都是由这个活力制成的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们两个裙子和裤子都有很好的看法 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗衣室里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端是一条蓝龙和白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	对于马尔威尔来说 , 在他们身边有金色的代码日志 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	拉科:抱歉 , 第二个年轻主人 。 我能说一个话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺玛 , 因为她是英国人 , 永远没有放弃 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	昨晚上帝摧毁了我的灵魂 , 放在一个新的灵魂里 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	黑客旅游发展从边缘到典型的实践中 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	或许我们都能与爱和信仰、幸福和祝福相结合 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 另一种形式是共享上帝的话 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我把头埋在那里 , 但我的姨妈听到我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿石和石油股市低 , 尤其是在伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的成像发现从未在文学中被报告 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三级教育课程有交通教育课程 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	若有时候 , 充满奇怪的看法会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我特别是特别的 ; 你最喜欢的椅子是特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是一个心脏的两个月 , 是煤炭的两个月 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二 , 让我们去 。 我们怎么做呢 ? 告诉我怎么做 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节点win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	男性来到上帝的祝福 , 必须获得 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	它不能很容易在物理检查上执行 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济外交部的显著性显著性 ; 或是显著的 ;
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿里斯托汗的鸟儿是 " 下载pdf " 的鸟儿 。
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和拖拉从开始到端点 , 您希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	浴缸里的搅拌 。 喷雾在米里 。 服务 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件的反对 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	不过我认为 , 除非你结婚 , 还是真的很难工作 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观的角度看 , 我们已经看到它们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界真的能让另一个宏观的风险吗 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中有大量的炎症细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	电脑科学:$56 , 400美元 , 400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称 , gizmo甚至可以改善你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天可以看到人类的哈博尔 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风地下 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	阿里克:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿和我一起 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	最后一位拉约翰告诉他 , 然后开始把他拿起来 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离婚了她的丈夫 , 现在生活在一起 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	预测是花30分钟来寻找正确的笔 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束马克·斯特斯的椅子 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的女性有曲线的毛发 ? [1]
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	由mccmack微线驱动提供的体积控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉如果他们正在用宽带的面包裹着我的脸孔 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西是农场的一名叫做 " 农民 " 的猪 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短期扫描时间系列具有多功能性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我命令了头发 , 可是你给我带来了绿色的蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从厚的公车后面拍了毒箭 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国的崇拜的文化象征故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推进前进 , 成功终于会晤你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以把电子邮件转换成谷歌账户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷却不能接受 " 一个 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海科是海南省海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的董事是王凯教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了异常模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	这是一个很好的补充 , 汤和帕斯塔 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	一个好的绘画之前 , 每一幅画都会显示出一个好的绘画 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想增加fohan , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的变化 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	几个圆桌的男人有很多心 , 让他们消失 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能没有危险的伤害甚至是饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知道的 , 互联网的特点是虚拟和双相互作用 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚 , 人们如何穿不同衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	用手 , 你可以享受您的花茶 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	用罗斯特石油发动机的真空游泳器 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	云时 , 我是寒冷的 , 令人悲伤的 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我将是格鲁普 , 使我周围的那些都不幸福 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你叫它一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记得吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后 , 他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一和每个后来的ziersp线只需三个点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	然而我与神话的地方 , 这是一个非常真正的声音 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	第二个地方 , 我们访问了莫纳科村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮用手容易和快速的方式做衣服 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这个时候 , 这是商业工业的人 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变您的默认门 , 并将输入关键二倍 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后 , 本文讨论了jmi的程序和应用 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	西希罗奥达表示 , 他不会回忆会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全惊讶于思想家和自然的伟大性 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的事情 , 零并没有存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	在我们中间、缓慢发展中期 , 鱼类生活在我们的和平 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	这个观点是所有的看法端口都放在哪里 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼高迪从西班牙 , 主要对象 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接受者问: " 你看过医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后一项做的工具 , 尽管你对你来说是不错的 !
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火灾 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天有七个课程 , 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是打开灯门的地球上的一个人 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们有银行系统和车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃把桌子的角落在冲击上 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	后来的船已经消失了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多人想要与孩子关系和孩子关系 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	同时 , 一个小熊在传递中失去了路 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以在哪里吃真正的驴来消防它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫做友谊7号的小猫 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 我没有未来的事情 , 你知道 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	抗腐败是实践和理论的大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得我正在跑进野蛮 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学推出了一个很好的教师团队 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	但是 , 强烈的压力规则只是把蛋糕放进来 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染器决定您的最终渲染器的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花 , 闪烁着岩石的土地 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	这个项目只是为那些拥有太阳的母语 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	阿达姆和埃夫与爱德华的园林交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	普京的母亲是区域护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家滑到我的静脉里 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请按照合同的复制 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	埃及 。 他说他的朋友对桌子有信心 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她把声音放在声音里 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道如何快速 , 另一边会变热吗 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他在门上跳着 , 跳着他的步行 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩建造沙尘 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是最后的房子泡沫 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果它听起来很好 , 请问如果我能看到结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在星级飞机中 , 一些单位有瞬间攻击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这个新的痛苦不会长时间去做痛苦 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们可以预计这是两个普通人之间的正常日期 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	后来我发现世界充满受害者 , 人们说不 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦你可以用你的树木完成 。 要做垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 年轻男人愿意为诗歌表达上升 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它显示了所有的内容 , 从头部和版本记录...
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海洋贸易史的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	第一部分 , 您学习如何创建一个对象服务器应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个上 , 它是一个好计划 , 我们不应该是nitpick 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	从实现细节中分开测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你生活的多少部分 , 它会变成 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	把更小的坚持交叉 , 使得更新的效果 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把这个国家变成了一个闭合的地方 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	乔治斯通常在语言、语言和写作方面很好 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我为啤酒支付 , 所以我叫做糖尿病 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大回来 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	你需要计算多少时间的时间将采取 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	不过明天夜 。 下一次自由的时候 。
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	马利比骨站用家庭边缘电脑包装 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	当她是贫穷时 , 疾病或不美丽的时候不会留下 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	让我们决定今天收集格局 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性和建设效果 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和控制组有异常性和异常性侵袭 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " g1/2 " 与匈牙利覆盖 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机越来越受欢迎 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它处理到瓶装水工业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们需要让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	飞船的春天的声音 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信上跳过来 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把握手带到一个15年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一个绅士和软河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今晚工作清理了事情 , 整个事情 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请向我传递半圆盘 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男人在寻找失去孩子的国家 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	贵西市hizhi编译委员会办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁是神摧毁了 , 我们数字1做疯子 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一个diot在ahab和他的鲸鱼之间获得 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对于我来说 , 我真的可以看到两边都是这样的 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 许多棉花植物 , " 男人回答道 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 来让你的性生活更加激动 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	因为电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个展示 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	儿童和青少年经历抑郁症 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在 , 唐代的僧侣在哪里 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ? 好吧 ! 可能 。 或者你 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	这些媒体一般是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	2010年12月 , 温文实践了她的背景交叉 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这里的单位 ? 我们写12.0111 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:探讨brusususmollis的组成部分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安顿在大规模的项目上去项目 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	它深厚的房屋和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	卢克的工作的方面已经出现了很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	饮用水的标准在继续改善 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 太过了 , " 黑暗的newsneser先生 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我迅速把所有的袜子都洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色黑人回来 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题 , 中国的民事控制是军事控制的 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	霍利弗拉格将自定义为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	财政精神是退休的中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺04 , 5 。 我不知道如何感谢您的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	我今天做得太多了 。 我跑了我的脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	公司没有说 , 银行贷款贷款的金钱 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	在半小时之后 , 我真正意识到我真正需要失败 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 最后 , 如果我们记得我们的差异 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	李:现在 , 如果你跟我跟我跟随我去伦敦 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生命 , 这个爱你 , 我一直梦想着 , 长久 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 贫困男人很容易 , 因此生活得快乐 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最新的5天天天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	宏是一个好朋友 , 是一位独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种基本的情感 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	死亡 , 机会 , 还有时候 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个popuptptp将告诉你是否正在或离开 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理你的暴力 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄志是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他曾经给了一个 " 游戏男孩 " 的实验室 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不能让我觉得他永远不能结束自己的生活 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指放进混合物中 , 然后支持它 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	卡比亚水也有很好的科比亚死亡 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	一个空气恐惧的声音在夜里听起来 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们想经过长夜之后 , 可以看到明天的荣耀 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	在春天和秋季时期广泛使用 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	法官哈德森的决定是否会上诉吗 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我想它会帮助 。 你是最好的 , 你知道吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们做得很难让我们的宪法变得困难 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	看起来似乎是想 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao患者关于姨妈和蚊子 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	伟大的思想认为 , 却是愚蠢的差异 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	足部疼痛的人只能通过失重而获得救济 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不会像他们一样 。 但他们永远不会像我一样 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制和自我表达这样的理性基本 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 , 他避免眼睛接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	这个团体在根据佛教宇宙学而出来 , 这种团体被放弃 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	决定张沈和秦日的关系非常高兴 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	运行员在运行速度最快的运行过程中失去了3%的运行员 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	星期的和平谈话 , 两侧之间的两侧都在崩溃 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	诱导活动能量与变性之间存在着一定的关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑比晚期直接的更大25% 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看太阳在东方的阳光上升 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	云山断裂是海南断裂带东部 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将在自杀上阅读他的say 。 霍姆死亡 , 病 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	这里只有一个实践点在刘阳 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城中心是一对20英尺的金属衬衫 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	同时 , 在中间 , 33岁的阿瓦拉图片集中 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船尝试在大型海盗船上飞行时逃脱 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他几乎是广泛的 , 他的大头朝着他们转向了 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但是我觉得它会更宽大 , 让你的最好的侧面 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	每天我都记得一位我喜欢的丈夫 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	阐述了它们的代谢和反化的机制 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来到了可爱的蛋糕的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	得到了具有明显的行为秘密性的必要特征 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道 , 蛋白的功能是与其结构相关的 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18美元分开我的服装 , 为我衣服很多 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	这也是同样的事情 , 在犹太人和犹太人都有一个不错的场地 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转变齿轮是自动调节系统最重要的组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	坐在数字三是巴根寺和帕戈达 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	帕特表示 , 包含含含锥形和凸形棒石粉的特点 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前鲨鱼并不制造压缩机 , 一个关键空调组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了提供监测、检测、技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	十三十岁的夜间 , 他们终于回到了马尔琳的温室 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	在信用卡管理系统中 , 实际速率不会被应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 而且也是全世界人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要组件:各种芳香酮和芳香树脂 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文对蒙古气候变化进行了简要的综述 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大火通常在窗外打开窗外 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理有效的合同 , 必须通过复制原则来处理有效的合同 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	乐观 , 老虎总是为了新鲜挑战而奋斗 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	很多人都被隐藏在夜间的细胞中逃脱了 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我并不怀疑夫妇的痛苦 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文的第一部分 , 在权力和权力的角度 , 提出了公司的第一部分 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论改变它 , 但恐惧只是被视为神经 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你 , 当你得到病时 , 把她们放在内 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18英里的绿色费和卡迪费 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	每个新公司都抱怨了种子资本的困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	我没有进一步的建议 , " 林顿先生回答 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我今天吃了一只胃袋 , 我觉得我今天吃了一些坏的食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	好运动 , 史密斯先生 。 我是太阳来访 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个鞋子已经下跌了 。 电影的地方都是不知的 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	10:23岁的时候 , 他们把你在这个城市里 , 飞进另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们看机器人工程程程程序的课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我认为这是我发送的 , " 他补充道 。
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我不对自己的地方进行调整 , 因为他忙着 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	训练完全是由于夏天气温度的 , 由于休假的情绪 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元来买一张桌子 , 用孔子买一张桌子 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	每个美国储备股价每股收入每股1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些猫死了 , 还有一些人被吓死了 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	历史和永久我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢肯定的历史 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	发现还揭示了男性安静竞争如何对女性的伙伴的竞争 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改善规则和规则的cadre和人员文件的管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红色的叙述:你可以说他做的是他和卫生相爱的 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天有很好的 , 请再次来看我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数以千名军事交易于枪兵和训练 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和黄金海岸的经济课堂空间票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 艺术家的概念是空间发射系统爆发的概念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc的工作功能比氧化催化剂有更多的统一的工作功能分布 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	很多琼斯的老朋友加入他的团队 , 与一些新的人一起 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法被称为 " 幻想主义 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想明白它喜欢儿子和父亲相互关系的事情 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们正在尝试了解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只是承认她那么在运营中闪烁 , 允许她这样的蜡烛 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	编辑的效应可能使你忘记你在程序中指导的是什么 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	他轻轻轻地冲着 。 " 噢 , 这是我的女孩 。
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	切割鱼鱼 , 用一些盐和宠物结合它 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司专业生产petcoar , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	经过多年的玫瑰月亮 , 她终于发现他与她的爱情 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 获得是无意义的 , 给予是t5.1.7 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	" 改变 " 是指通过深化改革不要工作人员的潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人驾驶完美的车时 , 没有人责任车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户也可以选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是泡沫的迷惑 , 你就可以尝试偷水相反 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	所以听到现在 , 你会冲突 , 喝醉 , 但不用葡萄酒 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾炎和促进所有的vicera和组织 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	解决地下水问题的一个离子反应有很多方法 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光增强剂在沙米坡、皂和facial洗涤中优势 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是饮食、安静和默里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期的购买市场趋势从2001年下降了 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	鱼类蛋白集中于1980年开发的新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把小兔子从尾巴到头部 , 用鱼和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着纳西斯首先讲话 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我不学习 , 我会买一个婴儿兔像吴先生买一样的兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始了一个业务 , 他们说 , 让我们分开这个程序 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 您正在做一个点 , 所以说话 , 除非一切 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实际材料主义和页面理论的本质 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚格里蒂在资本 , 迪利 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶保护人绝对想要把所有的本质移除 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个子系统被称为内存管理单元 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方周日说 , 死亡将在拍卖玫瑰到86年 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物介质和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是 , 尤其是青少年 , 被视为创新和创造力 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议与 " 反统 " 的任何事情 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑首席蓝色被记者写的文章 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	为了日期 , 今年已有63 , 595个销售 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表声明 , 将是我们的广场的一部分 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	另外 , 每个人都可以为自己的用户做任何东西 , 就会做什么 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	后来在季节 , 尽管好规划 , 产品开始运行不通的 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	对于严格的时候 , 对于懒惰的人来说 , 是一种勇敢的负担 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝绸是很好的质量 , 他们是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始建立你的团队 , 你将会很容易在未来的时间 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	不过 , 两姐还不能帮助 , 但想她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕捕获 , 每年结果的bar图 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	我的嘴都是广泛开放的 , 当我进入了马拉蒂的杯子房 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象另外25000万人民在未来20年的中国城市化 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	你可以在垂直的箭头上获得细节的细节 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些土地都是由天然形成的 " 天然形成的 " 天然形成的 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球到了第二手之前 , 你会把它收到风里吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	但是 , 按钮形成的珠子 , 耳朵 , 一个son , 欢迎订单 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	正如如何释放 , 政府将与相关法律相关 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你觉得这是一个很好的机会 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	twiggy是男孩和女孩 , 她的镜子 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走了他的路 , 他等待更多的权利更好 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	经过一段时间的沉积 , 温格尔达到了出来 , 把烧伤了 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	一般来说 , 你的大脑世界越来越多 , 接受了登录 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	标记两个1.4x比图像质量的2x更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听听这篇文章的主意 , 找出了该文的主要思想 , 如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素首次被糖尿病使用 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 不要长久的餐厅都是庆典的 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效应分析:每天心脏有devil身体 , 分支诊断 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 吻他 , 爱他一切心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	您将能够在同时打开热栏配置 , 同时就可以在同样的时候 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	过去有许多驾驶在肯尼亚·卢普尔附近的橡胶估计 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	瓦特拉·史密斯是新加坡的民族花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合张通胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	调查和研究瑜伽王山医药植物的研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这个缺陷了匿名类型的强类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	阳光是清代晚期的重要形象 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的来源是自动化的重要社会后果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这是许多孩子在这里没有福祉去学校的意识 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	很难把他带到完成的一定日期 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多我们在epa中做的问题 , 或者技术上 , 是在自然上 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个男人是一个从伊雷德尔县牧民办公室的地下 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:请更新我们关于shinhwa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣做些泥泥 , 把它放在人眼睛上 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	船长带来了男人注意的是一般来的 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 。 他忘记他不会生长任何年轻人 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	您需要将现有项目负载到整合开发环境中 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	而且 , 在费尔和癌症的战斗中 , 他们将与他战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 它将更难避免自定义考试 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	美国利物浦公司正在在寻找金融危机的激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	它是控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	保持跟踪您需要支付保险和办公提供多少钱 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 经常接受gres通常在转变良好的情绪 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称受害者的身体 , 例如重复工作正在路下 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志读到这是一个新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是第三个讨论夏季三角的星星星的讨论 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在游戏园里 , 他的演员自从演员 , 它是错误的劳动 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	采用此工厂 , 设计了以下的数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩受到泥泥、分枝和叶子的伤害 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	让我们得到更多的咖啡 。 我也喜欢一个沙威奇 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布林纳的工作是纯正的气候 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我称意大利的 " 矛盾 " 的现象 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	阅读方向 , 直接直接在右方向 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但是当政策持有人是抵押人民时 , 应该是不同的 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计你有多久的预先和你的职责日期 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为一些原因而必要的 " 霍宁 " 是必要 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	决定决定是否是否有限制 , 还有很多因素 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我家里有七个孩子 。 除了我外 , 除了我 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它提供了理论基础 , 为这个内部超m特定程序的使用提供了理论依据 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋商店已经走出他们的门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界里 , 还有一个印象的春水和秋季山景 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了许多草地专家在双方的专家 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我制作鲸鱼 , 鱼和鸟类的大小、形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人都意味着一起 , 最终他们会找到他们的看法 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评价:帕拉尔web提供了数据地方的局部性 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐厅建议可以被其他朋友看到 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图删除如此可能的许多实施 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	这是他有美食的生命 , 让鲨鱼感到悲伤 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	用冷却的邮件显示您的自定义银行人 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	一些相信中央政府和中央政府的关注 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她走过一场犯罪场景 , 有人在街上拍摄 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	第四章项目的东端 , 比大门的东端 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有的人都发现 , 开放的瓶子都是死亡的 。
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0中 , 介绍了许多额外的增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿意释放耶稣 , 再次向他们说话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗肿瘤和调节免疫的功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要重新注册域名 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁轧制提供最大负载轴承 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南称为 " 植物王国 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 罗森伯格在军事涂上了罗森伯格 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器采用配件 , 适用于插件 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后他变成整体 , 把下八个小时作为尘埃人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块卡扎的奶酪 , 把它放在它里面 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们来到第三个时候 , 这是因为ivor被抓住了一只破坏的权利 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	啤酒者不会发现死亡的成年蜜蜂 , 因为他们经常在冬季做 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	stiga现在已经管理在同样的膀胱结合速度和触摸 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	你可以用n , 或maxargs , 参数 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	没 , 你可以让他看到整个夜晚 , " 我回答道 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	与此同时 , 他们的敏感性比永远更明显 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有好的中国作家都值得我的思想值得任何东西 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	对于谁来说 , 对于谁来说 , 等着数千年的永恒 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会错过机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这些是由阿瑟的半姐妹 , 摩根是一个智慧的人 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	2008年 , 西方与圣乔治的合作 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我叫你 , 因为男孩来自你的城市 , 哈尼登博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一个全球图片 , 但即使是我们在形式上回来 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	虽然这意味着实际上我们可能会看到不同的或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房屋成本与数百万人共同关注 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	宣称和八个婚姻 , 年龄79岁死于洛杉矶 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野生竞争对双方都是极其聪明的 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	这些地区在初始学习过程中都不同 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个巨大的压力 , 和拉普拉斯拉斯拉兹拉利 , 填充了一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁子的飞行区域 , 然后第一条腿的缝子和帽子 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察宁宁宁宁宁宁宁宁宁宁药物的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	在我们医院帮助你 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了适当处理批评 , 你也需要适当处理精神 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怜的 。 无法死去 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	正如我自己喂养自己的时候 , 我不希望得到奖励 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	贫穷的巴利停止了一个包装 , 他的车在耶和华的时候 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	有人说: " 我是一个讲话 , " 这通常是他们意思的 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可用于高速公路的高速公路中应用 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	这些发现由nasa的飞机电脑编码器制成 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是骑着煤器来获得更大的小部分 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	针对某些不同接收器的辐射和绑定评估 ;
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	远离国家 , 却总是和我一起 , 无论我是在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有疲劳的情绪都是生活中的一件事 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这项项目对许多理由有兴趣 , " 罗克逊先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 友谊世界有嫉妒 , 无论是爱 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	格式烧了笑: " 你认为你是什么 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔网站受伤 , 我得到了我的机会来参加英格兰 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我又为我的手指做一些金属技巧 , 学会再次玩 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以保持你在强烈的情况下 , 她会注意 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	随着这些发射刚飞过前面的飞行车 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	改善水处理效率也是节约水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	杰里的眼睛在看着城市灯光的时候看着 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开了5点 , 0000m , 我们都非常幸福 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你怎么发现 " 智能 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢你组织这项组织 。 我发现它最有趣 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是黑绿 , 深深 , 运行一年 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也会获得自由编译教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了识别疾病 , 评论和报告就像跟踪 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	珍妮是对的 。 这里可以打猎和拍摄自由 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我舞得很好 , " 他对她说 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	研究和营销操作将是弗拉德先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	医学家也很少 , 这使得新西兰安全生活在一起 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在cigroup上 , 收入下跌28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	您的信仰仍然可以通过这些挑战时间移动吗 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	这是不错的亨利 , 在你的房子里 , 还有另一个房子里裂缝 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	阿拉斯先生表示 , 与波威尔的谈话深深 , 希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私立法的编码应该在德国建模 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我把我的生命和伤害成文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 操作系统在组装编码并不能支持 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你会有一些东西来展示它 , 甚至可能结束你们的东西 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公平公平公平中 , 必须避免这个峡谷离开 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小马是安德森的更多运动公平之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	就像婴儿腐败的蛋一样 , 大卫自己看着 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应当被视为文档和形式在外语中做 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	纳维蓝是信任的颜色 , 给我们信心 " 林迪萨说 。
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了分析延续mosaururs的基因 , 除了很难分析 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船壳清洁机器人的集体设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	grasp规划是主层决定处理的最重要的主题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	采用最新的技术和程序 , 制造、办公管理和设计 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回零基于指定的项目的指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着看到外面 , 开始把鸭腿伸到一边 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道对外星行业的预测将永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	给出了一些关于电力线载体设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业范围 , 它为链接资源提供链接 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年 , 国际学生总数上升12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺并非纯粹理论和表现 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	月亮城市的城市就像舌利一样 , 也是一个世界文化遗产地点 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种用于氧化氢的新催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨pttttts对大鼠焦虑脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	ftlauderdaleun-淀粉与海滩的暴力和游泳水相比 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	tarpaulin , 可以看到中国各地的地方 , 说不仅是独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	深化的变化是来临 , 它旨在改变几个生命phlosophelelloelloelloellos 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏季 , 小鼠通常生活在外面 , 仍然会在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	这个关键是控制侧面的控制侧面 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一步是要实现连接组件的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个免费的啤酒 , 用于购买下降啤酒的午餐时间 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱的监狱已经收到了他大规模的责任 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	这六个美国学校获得了超过2 , 250度的奖励 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须将武器变成加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我是非常满意的 , 从2001年到现在的过去几年来 , 到了过去几年的生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:映射各种abd工作流程 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	每天的交易中世界都从未坚持准备金钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能买到和扭曲的人 , 期待得到准确和可信的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgml是世界上最广泛的sgmlparser 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看起来 , 南美 , 流浪 , " 埃利or举起了一瓶可怕的结论 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾经试图回答这些问题 , 还是为自己或其他人问吗 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	目录包含最新版本的项目和其描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	自从1997年以来 , 这也是一份早期报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立ninxin胶囊的质量识别方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫方法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他对他的课程做了完全准备 , 确保我们的家庭或小心的准备 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	拉迪·加格:为了让我想要...小怪 !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活的生物运动和返回作为光明的出现 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们用各种法律学家和法律学术来吸引各种法律学术 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	得到了poissonsonson比零时 , 得到了位移的正确解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响5个友好目标和5个敌人目标的最大目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然希望看到只有晚期ipadping、脚本编写谱 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个微笑 , 另一只恐怖的微笑 , 但是有一个微笑 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小的惩罚 , 可以帮助防止薄材料烧伤 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的卢布·安克莱特·阿克莱特提供了高时尚的边缘 , 她是著名的 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高腐败水平可以影响睡眠、重量和免疫抵抗 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果心理问题的发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的公共房子计划发布一系列现代版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	由樱桃木制成 , 所有的块和清洁都是由樱桃木制成的 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品已经被编成成了jaotungi的系列艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进鳄鱼 , 只是用你的靴子打击他们 , 你想抓住我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢你做的时候 , 你更有可能做得很好 , 成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的观点对我提出了 " 如何 " 这些邮件组成部分 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	这可以做一个skip测试来尝试试在过程列表中执行局部主机 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是我们的 , 如果每个评论都在2:08左右 , 那就必须是一个俱乐部 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安静的感觉 , 一个宇航员 , 在他的眼睛里得到soap , 并开始撕裂 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , tdd数字手机是可行的 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将为您提供一些关于视野、食品、居住在旅游期间提供一些查询或参考 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左党的民主党的敌人声称 , 暴力必须被删除 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:威尔 , 这是一个...好的.........让我教你 。 另一个平等两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文对传统格拉姆人研究的基础进行了进一步发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help改善 。 因此 , 它是中国的基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻就会有梦想 ; 但是这时候 , 你会解释梦想 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	像我提到的一样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要 " 要问你可以直接做一些事情 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问和男人说 , 他是邻居 , 只有在一年都没有参加安全 , 但在一年都没有测试 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	男人回答说: " 哦 , 这是他的母亲 。 她想要他一名医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	这是一个看法 , 但它是一个蒸汽车的观察 , 这是使得所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	蝴蝶 , 飞行在德拉 , 说: " 你可以在空中闻到春天吗 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我要去上帝 。 我会把你扔出这家房子里 , 再见你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次你触摸你的脸部 , 你都是睡觉污染和油 , 可以登录池 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	总线将由塔拉成员设计 , 并包括他们的写作和图片 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果不在申请申请的数字不应该申请这个子宫的申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebay称它做更好的工作 , 比其他付款服务更好 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同的tnm阶段在整体相关系数是0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你给予正确的话 , 你可以说 , 就会用来反对你在法律法院的法庭 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 由m50kyl的存在引起的干扰导致的m50kyl的存在 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	或许你仍然坚强 , 继续为我们祈祷 , 大多数荣誉耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	你还可以设计自己的模块 , 所以webmin总能适应您的需求 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	直接把手机打电话叫做pc , 用usb电话或头部 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们想要尝试解决我们的国家和十年的关系 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有许多方法 , 我觉得我们需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转过四十五岁时 , 她发现了勇气走离 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	没有更多的伤害 , 不要在接受采访结束的单一问题 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	周围的压力与可调节肩膀的肩膀和层面的汗水 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba可以增加12h的hsp60表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	默里拍了她的头 , " 我不认为他们仍然是如何生活的 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实案件是23岁的男子 , 西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单一平衡产品具有潜在的集成及其它方面的scm建议的其他方面 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿兹兹 , 欢迎到一周新的cnnn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次 , 约翰流到香港 , 所以他必须使用空气病袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我走出垃圾时 , 它被覆盖在蛋中 , 坚持的垃圾 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听到报告 , 知道景观 , 插入你的耳朵 , 走在前面 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	留下耶和华看到它 , 把它放弃了他 , 他从他身边走去 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组显著低于其他的分数 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做一些好事 , 没有事情是怎么小 , 就像月亮一样地庆祝了 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	图形类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请打电邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你远远超过你知道 , 就像日子一样生长的爱情 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的猫猫 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	用 " 我破坏 " 模式来表达自己的时候 , 感觉稳定的时候 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我的父母说话和行动像 " 老孩子 " , 常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	布菲洛在我们共享的材料中提供了许多观点 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国从2007-2009年前出现了两年前的经济衰退 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 设置在大碗内 , 直到两个尺寸 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们把这个想法转向了 , 迪兹先生只是想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	我们之间的事情不能隐藏 , 陌生人手对你的思想 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续到南撒拉的时候 , 已经成为灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 你将在下一夜穿它 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们真正的欲望 , 我们不能找到我们自己的生命意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	他的火车似乎很快就醒来了 。 他折磨了他的桌子 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	床只是一个在普通金鱼的花园里 , 只有一个在一般金鱼的变化 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	无论博物馆 , 冒险 , 抛开 , 寻求空间连接它们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何可以一边 , 选点问朱晓是一个小小小的牧羊 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在防御和威胁 , 因为他们需要翅膀和呼吸火 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你的前几小时可能会更好的花费考虑你是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人广告了他们的服务 , 称为scort服务 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们增加人工智能 , 我们可以发现设备是否快乐 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	另外 , 2/84例患者不能被rsca检测 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我将住在你身边 , 只是把你放在天空里 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 但我并不知道 , 同时我觉得人们真正感兴趣在他们做什么 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在athen , 510-490bc , 意大利 , 意大利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅仅是一段时间 , 将被称为 " 烹饪 " 到 " 好 " , 就像我可以 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦和草的年轻植物是最好的喂养nmpha的最佳种子 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	如今 , 越来越多的人研究外国 , 返回并不像前一样流行 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终是他身上的人 , 他刚刚刚刚刚刚刚刚刚在小树上打开 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	在1840年 , 我们都知道 , 中国在1840年开始对人类的现代化 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	jbwilkinson:一个人只有一个生命 , 但是历史可以记得你永远 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 热将海水从断裂中传递出来 , 遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.科恩的教学和其预测应该采取这个公园 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	1970年代末 , 一些npo已经意识到市场可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	农业科学家jopenbergdeboer说 , 这帮助当地农民关系 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我感觉不错听到你说的 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	nitrate是zhelin湾有机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一个热滤波 , 以消除最大的热量 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果你决定有更多的特性数据库后 , 就必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	一天 , 当他们找到时间阻止花朵时 , 可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	kra不能直接应用于不确定数据的数据 , 因为不确定数据具有可能性 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的休息 , 期待的薪酬和照片 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李宝说 , 在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是培养良好的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但是可能你想在大屏幕上看到它吗 ? 也许在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持他的强壮 , 暴力的米兰 , 水瓶在他的袋子里 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流的地方 , 城市更高危害生物侵蚀的风险 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合国有过渡形式的危机 , 也存在了外部行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 实例了人类观察器的能力 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细的检查证明 , 无论是怎样的 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时候 , 这将适用于切断视觉设计或帮助麻烦 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	无论我去哪里 , 杨州的蛇将永远不会留下我的思想 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接的增长速度是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	在这里 , 希望更多的工作变成英语 。 很快请 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中癌症表现出一种生物学分析的生物学分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	这些可能是导致飞鱼 , 微芯片是个人计算机的 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	我们再次把我们的老师放在今天 , 骑着周围和行动 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	不同神经根缺陷的物理检查发现与不同神经根缺陷相关 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	破坏、折射膝盖疼痛 , 满足下面的标准 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全是美丽、清洁、植物丰富的 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	您可以空气干燥体育大脑来促进湿润织物的生命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	菲利冬季没有影响夏季和秋季发生的趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	例如 , 例如 , 一些问题已经在这个领域进行交叉 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	每分钟拍摄习惯的分数都是很难培养的困难 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个交易器活性pixel的临床恢复技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	好的 , 答案简单 , 答案使用对象示例来找到 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:测定北部hibibicusyris的营养物 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄溪烧火龙 , 回到南宋时期 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	古斯蒂他是很大的 , 黑色绿色的迷人 , 从年轻的地方来看 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	印刷机可隔离列表指定的插件提供的特定插件 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思想、语言和操作的材料形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人通常被捕获 , 被迫在监狱里生活 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	在销售中 , 事件目标:营销部门管理员 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的旅行过程中 , 我们已经学习了一个伟大的交易 , 在我们访问的地方 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这个美丽的地方 , 叫tuscany 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那个他可能会撒清她 , 用水洗洗净她 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	怎样能力克服我的老年自我心理 ? 非常激动 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	直到深圳大学的初始始始始始始始始始始始 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	橡胶囊 , 用于加热 , 更容易被皮肤吸收 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	混合的球员 , 它站在它的肌肉上 , 然后倒下来 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了让自己做 , 我最喜欢的攻击是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一步将会增加这样的系统来在大规模的地区 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国 , 八个孩子的百分之八 , 没有正式教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸爸被诊断了多个扫描 , 是他生命的首先 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 欧洲第二个最高的游客 , 巴黎 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	几个月 , 房子在修理下 , 我们和我们的房子住在下一门门 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	据一份相应编辑 , 新闻并不坏 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	目前发明的对象是将电路板连接器的电路板 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmammhob作为一个程序管理员 , 当女性时 , uzmamehob工作 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了一种基于壁纸的研究和生产基础墙板的原理 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们把红球替成蓝球 , 看看婴儿会注意到 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	大威胁的地震将继续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为头发纤维的外层是破碎的 , 是因为头发纤维的外层 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、amylase、糖尿酶、人类等 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	阿根廷的5 " 超级颜色 " 袭击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	应力板的应力比印度月间锁钉更少 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	这个炉子用来安山铁和钢铁 , 如示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国对总统的选举制度的改革已经实施了5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体放松 , 感觉紧张消失 , 但不会睡觉 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月的沉默之后 , 已经有一些显著的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们一次拿起他们的邻居的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的卫生 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	问题 , 问题并没有结合 , 两者之间有一个典型的联系 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	后面的原因是 , 它的产品似乎有更高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	azo被电子束蒸发放在k9子基础上 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个污染站是我投票的地方 , 并在电梯信息卡上列出 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc插入和pvc薄板薄薄钢电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术已广泛应用于水处理工业 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当罐子填充时 , 它将填充在所有的垃圾中 , 然后把塑料紧缩 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马尔摩斯厨房里 , 彼得准备猴子的日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	金ap寻找世界上 , 人类的友谊难以寻求 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	本文还描述了污泥方案、控制条件和清洁结果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 最多的一天 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮摩擦理论是动态学的关注 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激活的o2分子氧化了解决方案中自由放射 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	珍娜:澳大利亚指责中国餐厅的餐厅 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的同步操作是一个重要结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	好吧 , 如果我有选项 , 我会真的想去学校学习语言学 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 个人已经减少了自我概念的障碍 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	夜间组织通过绿色屏幕的新昆虫声响响应的新昆虫声音 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由激光塑料布的旋转塑料 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	越来越多的时候 , 如默克里的xian地面 , 全球的yi鞋 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金、资金和灾难救援和灾难救济 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布的形象 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人将收到他们的测试报告 , 每个月完成测试 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱时 , 鱼通胀自己 , 变成全球的形式 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了数据结构的大图片 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的9个点是通过900个简单的定位和参考 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我喜欢继续呆 , 但我的妈妈妈妈妈将会在10岁的家里购买一个好处 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那里时 , 你想的第一件事是 " 哦 , 这个地方是惊人 " 。
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 在每个村庄里 , 她每个村庄里都会出现恐怖的性暴力 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	当时 , 也许两个星期 , 你会准备为一个视觉和目标准备 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	讨论了颗粒双裂纹的分裂频率分布特点 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	教授:基于高分辨图像组件的报告将在高质量印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱并不符合彼此 , 而且寻找同一方向相同的方向 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地质环境污染的大源泉和受害者 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么 ? 实际上我躺在路上 , 当我说答案在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们会迅速发现我们的表现是在我们没有设定足联赛之前做的 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	无论是奥克兰外面 , 喜欢苹果产品 , 而且有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说 , 它们往往往往往往往往往往往是把海洋污染 。
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试是有趣的 , 因为strstringbuffer是最优化执行快的应用程序 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后你可以创建有助的检查员或其他文章 , 因为人们可以下载的文章 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待事情是完美的 , 你就会等着长时间等待 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	看看那些有访问你们的网站的人 。 阿普克的页面 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显示了东西 , 但更有意义和照顾 。 感谢我对我感到重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	专家说 , 在某些情况下 , 是的 , 但内在的关键主义生活在某些情况下 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年苏拉托从苏卡诺来成为印尼亚总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅可以从水中走出鱼 , 而且它们也可以在地上旅游短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	这个男孩把苹果放下来 , 他已经停下来 , 然后把它剪掉 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为一种新方法 , 在土壤侵蚀研究中广泛应用的方法 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们也通过 " 基因移植物 " 转化了一类细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	与我的nikon50mmf1.4相比 , 马克斯性能很好 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少每个符号间隔时间的时间 , 减少一半的时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那么你为什么哭 ? " 问鸟儿 , " 你正在让我湿 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自从那时16年以来 , 战争战争战略仍然持续 , 但相对较小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我真正喜欢米歇根州大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我看我所有的竞争对手密切 , 很多尊重 。
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	不过 , 多比要来 。 多比要保护哈利波特 。 警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	贝恩和他的房间有关回家的房间 , 所以晚些时候还有很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择每个词汇读 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	没有法律的阿富汗可以再次变成阿尔克达的基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	还有 , 我的团队都是勇敢的 , 类型和可用的衣房 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 如自杀 , 在生活保险案件中 , 我们必须有一定的原因 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢tuktukk , 把头放在一个混合器上 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以把水滚出来 , 通过减少五度的金属 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	麦琪说 , " 我知道 , 但只有一年和一半的毕业生 。
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使只要寻找一只相似的丽莎松 , 就不会像一只未成熟的床一样 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它从塑料板上到塑料板上 , 用肉滴下来 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	食用树、蟹和涡轮的食物资源 , 食物资源丰富 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	2030年 , 锅炉不需要修改修改 , 要满足新规则 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满愉快和希望 , 所有的祝福神都想要我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年 , 我们从香庆市的30名市长 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能读过它的话 , 那就不会对你有什么访问 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 并且对各种问题有着强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	在头部或地区水平上设计的ihr联系点 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我觉得我们在一个更长的地方 , 或者只是一个下面的通道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但是这种效应太不具体 , 很少会导致清洁和安全转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无需说它是一个欢迎的梦想 , 但它仍然不会有趣 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高球员的座位设计适合生长的孩子到120个lbs 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一位优秀的学生 , 他会做一个优秀的学生身体总统 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了1888无锈钢的腐蚀和污染原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说她正考虑一旦居民被允许搬回 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以 , 由于那个旧日期 , 或者打开一个字典文档 , 试着尝试 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持空间形状和会议的释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尔的故事 , 一个无家庭人来自纽卡 , 新泽西 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	我会喂到奴隶的地板 , 甚至是你 , 贫穷的地板 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3其他安装器从监狱里 , 保存它 。 自我 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	另外一个437例其他病例和207年控制的扫描相同的结果 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到你的会议 , 那么你有更多时间做准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了不同背景的中国女性的生活状况 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	这只是在你的演员头后 , 所以你甚至没有注意到这里 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择自己的生活与比尔盖特的生命之间 , 那么它是一个诺贝尔大脑 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球和弯曲性能和高电性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	范围上 , 志愿参与的原则引起了低级农民的关注 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波的最高位置方式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这显示了一般历史趋势 , 这是人们所吸引的人们 , 没有人能防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经常说话很少人看到我 , 我必须保持承诺 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	生物固定膜的控制是一种经济和有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的个性捕捉在全身拍摄时 , 坐在椅子路上 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	对于企业和企业之间的员工来说 , 企业应该是第一赢后的员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后cicsci连接工厂 , 然后为cics服务器提供连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladedesystem给管理部门提供了一个层次的和相关基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦军为北战争状态 , 秦统一了中国在北部的一个县 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员提供更多的能力来处理更少的系统 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了这个问题 , 这是对象说答案已经得到了 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息组分获得手指印刷和手指印刷 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	洪水是三峡大坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	尽管成年的四分之一 , 就会更愿意住在90年的时间 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	对于这种原因 , 我们继续继续继续在印度平等上保持着印度平等 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标签 " 或llabeing " 是由通道分配问题移动的 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维增长后 , 取消糖 , 取消蛋白加工 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含了推广器的基本特征 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	结合碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	主义者帮助学习频率 , 为卡马的传递提供必要 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用饲料酒精液相色谱法建立酒精肝障碍模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	它确保我们承诺夏季的季节 , 也是最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环方法对杯氧化物的氯化平衡进行了研究 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜜蜂技术是一种积极防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展验证协议可以支持许多认证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们吸引了他们的力量 , 使人们在大众中吸引了强烈的攻击 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型从psds到rtfs , 被接受和下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	qianxuesen是科学原因的最伟大的科学家之一 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	爱德发现 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕捉几个关键成员 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地找到了20岁的女儿穿着她从美国学习后回家 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	1925年来 , 林来到中国 , 作为北京国家音乐艺术学院的主要工作 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果患者随访312个月 , 所有患者均获得满意的结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 帕德雷斯基与他的左手一起跳下来 , 开始填充基地 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前面的操作器将取决于现有文件 , 而后来的概述现有内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	可以获得标记变换量的提高 , 随着这些因素的增加而降低 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 王称为一百八十名叫做 " 荣誉 " 的女子 , 命令太阳训练他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	fuk金字下面应用 " 福金 " 作为东海水 " 的同一过程 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉哥哥 , 目标只是一个人曾经被暴露 , 威胁他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:王子主办一个正式婚礼的午餐 , 650个客人在宫殿上 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的权利意味着国家和其他人不应该有能力 , 而且没有能力 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	在安装情况下 , 布雷亚将是橙色县最大的太阳能用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	周二 , 冰岛火山火山仍然是暴发 , 尽管云越低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	甚至有助于我皮肤 , 液压肌肤 , 因为我有很干燥的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	传统云只有在路边的时候 , 只有在路上 , 马克红尘暴 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	很快还是稍后 , 波浪会沿着来 , 打击我们的工作 , 所以很难建立 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的基本利益和人民的基本利益 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们也鼓励他们的员工捐赠他们的时间来捐赠本地企业的俱乐部 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们与你相匹配的团队在1500年内 , 平均的mrs均匀 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街道摄影师四个有趣的营销理念 , 市场方式能力不可避免 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这小飞机将是短期的星星 , 同称形状 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女人在城市的阴影里留下了铁窗铁 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育的产业是西方教育的伟大影响之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	雷斯 。 一个火星随着生活 , 一个水库的冒险人群 , 生活的岛屿 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样也詹姆斯和约翰 , zebedee的儿子和simon合作伙伴 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持进入手机战役 , 与埃伦潘杀死孩子一起 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月在亚洲的电影制造商每个月都会有新的脚本 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们携带了宗教自由和sang " 我们应该收入 。 "
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他只是观察到自己的某种不稳定的冲击 , 甚至是怎样的呢 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	作为功能材料广泛应用于自动化中 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是自由的福 , 多比已经来节省哈利波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇不到 , 尽管好 , 但可以追踪大量的压力 , 紧张性和紧张性 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过旧镇 , 看着一个很古老的房子 , 看着一个非常古老的房子 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	当你走进门时 , 你看到的第一件事情 , 我们的小朋友从动物学 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	虽然一些平板需要立即注意 , 您的参与并不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	价格风险在非吸引端口室的价格上升 , 同时在传统的端口室 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 如高/n、良好的平等性和非独特性 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	这就导致了莫斯的诞生账户 , 以及他对尼尔河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚的大规模破坏 , 用来反对我们 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	因此 , 日本当局的调查证实 , 教师已被塔格 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要更好的生产性方法 , 这样你可以与其他人合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可以在您的新和现有的解决中心项目中心重用 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有鲸鱼 , cetaceanbing是比新鲜的东西更可行的 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右击击击击打击角 , 左击击控制清单和打击角 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	燕子走到一座破碎的车子里 , 穿着薄薄的马子 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为了促进当地食品文化 , 挖掘土地菜的良好基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空连接的统计破坏性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	数据库资源可以使用jdbc和记录级访问 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpcc的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院里的仆人女孩听着你仍然听到qiaojoan吗 ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 如果一些人都熟悉佛陀的二十岁死亡 , 佛陀的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在这里是我们发现的好消息 , 另一条腿不需要删除 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨小肠癌ct诊断的价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字保险法的基本原则是海洋保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港贸易开发委员会的执行董事 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这看起来 , 是我收到的腿 , 现在已经被送到自己的孩子 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用一种称为重力叶片的现象检测远程glaxy 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了星球星系的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论如何为phd解决方案进行小说搜索 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说他们喜欢设计灵活性 , 他们通过消除空间的空间风格 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特征之一是处理多个语言的能力之一 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你很喜欢把你的女儿打开杯子 , 她在泪水中断下来 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑者的注意:这个故事的原版本错误了 。 马克尔的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	采用各种工艺材料 , 作为设计中所用的原材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	收集的钱被用来建立一个零的站点 , 进入体育场 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他变成了一群地方战斗者在附近的路边的一群地方战斗群体 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间的床紧紧紧紧紧靠窗户 , 而他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文描述了cjk200自动支持和排放变换器的发展和测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人也坐在室外 , 享受凉爽的夜空气 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超弦的曲线特征是 , 他们只能在10维度振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	我总是混乱 , 当人们提高他们的 " 节约 " 的时候 , 仓库俱乐部存储的时候 , 我总是很难 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	比尔科尔毕业于1968年毕业于华克森林大学 , 并开始为pete染色工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·梅纳德和保罗·梅纳德·梅纳德的父亲和曼纳德的硬件超级器 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	我最喜欢的两个新增加 , 多阶段的铸件筛和特性进展是我最喜欢的两个 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们开始在酒店酒店酒店酒店的鸡尾巴 , 然后把我的袜子打开了 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	西欧洲10%的工作率预计在1995年中期将达到12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有以下的批评都必须遇到 , 必须考虑到的是一种可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	如果我们继续运动自己生活在我们学习的话 , 上帝就会适应我们的研究 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港报告的hiv感染已被积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 个体脑细胞会反应一个心脏 , 但不再是另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	证明了19:29只铅笔 , 准备用于模具 , 并且要为愚蠢的背部 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	因此 , 提出了直接序列和混合dsth , 以便设置irma 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了三个物理学家作为 " 光 " 的主人 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符外 , 字符都允许并不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉frisky , 你就有八秒的工作 , 你知道哪里找到我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	事实上 , 我们都知道 , 每次时间都不超过50毫米 , 精度很穷 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh的血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有很紧张、超级群体 , 确保他在这里享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器也用于启动平台 , 以监控虚假开始和正确的替代变化 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热一条小型橄榄油 , 添加了语言辊和轻轻的褐色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	亚伯广泛应用于国外 , 但在国内很少使用 。 研究只是在我们的国家开始 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以他们把这些故事和 " 丈夫 " 的丈夫 , 把你的房子放下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm有超过50个不同的程序 , 促进美国的工作平衡和银行 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是 , 美国和传统的欧洲电力图书馆也许存在问题 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国储备该项目的权利 , 并没有任何先前注意的条件 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到了格雷克的靴子 , 就像他在赫米尼的前面的时候 , 他听到了这件事 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	明星 , 池塘 , 一个大脑泪 , 一个液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过xml定义特定值定义插件实现插件 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府也认识到这份党和党 , 最重要的鲍里斯感觉它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	在它们中 , 异常imay是肺癌的特点 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可以选择石头所有颜色的石头 , 或者添加一个或两个紫色的石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我在全国竞选了所有的国家 , 因为我的丈夫和其他候选人 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	任何东方的协议和标准都在讨论下 , 但没有达到共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我会有趣听到更多的值 , 我们应该在评估censority的评估中优先的价值 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	这个党比今年1月份更好 , 至少一家国会的房子更好 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	针对lan/wan连接 , 建议每包的音频框架的低设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化时间和存储时间均有显著的影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 我们可能会称之为它们 , 两者都有着密切的和一分钟 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生并没有把它的酒吧放在一起 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有它都需要做事务务业务消息 , 这是amqp部署的 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	干扰、泥和火灾的血液和汗水 , 在滴滴的颜色上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , 西班牙产业的增长将继续增长 , 联合国持有利 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	最优化rtl , 然后对代码生成器 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	美国奥林匹马人 , 第三人在484.25分 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是在非洲 , 这种描述可能只是一个代谢者 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	你可以在巴哈马的外部遥远岛 , 如果你正在寻找包括和浪漫 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年群体的风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告的故事是不错的 , 而且有一些错误的错误 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	谁是谁 ? 阿啊 , 朱哈尔·穆拉德 , 这是第一个选择 。 我看到它 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	他都可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 。 他的手臂 , 所以她可以看到那只花牙 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我从来没有感觉到风 , 但仍然有那么伟大的 " 工作感 " 的下一天 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后他躺在夜间醒来 , 他也许会雇佣 ;
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	随着一个小弱点 , 一些有帮助的脚本 , 瑞典可以比你使用的更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我的旅程从拉斯维加斯到伊诺 , 时候我是年轻、孩子和自然...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们叫我 , 因为它显示他和球员带来了成功的成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	一天 , 天气会部分和完美 , 珍贵的樱桃会在阳光下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	这是我们的金融规定改革的蓝印 , 是我们的金融规则的蓝印 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	我在这里有很好的 。 约翰说: " 驱使他直接到学校 。 "
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	本周 , 新世界秩序的战争线被暴露在世界贸易组织 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	纳贝预测似乎与其他美国经济信号相连 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文提出了一种可以计算复杂表面加工的混合力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分讨论了中国外贸易理论的相对优势 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男性的错误都不能安静坐在房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的体育 。 我常常用鱼来捕捉任何东西 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然kian拥有西方的奢华 , 但他仍然承诺到他的伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战争词在中国和西方风格建立私人园林 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但是我们想购买32英寸的模型 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于规划区西部 , 位于旅游区和下市区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一个字符 , 解释某人需要知道的所有东西都需要知道这个功能 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后人们选择了意识上 , 不意识地忽视这项研究 , 与她的心脏 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当拉菲克格林迪从高中毕业时 , 他知道他想成为一个工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我会钻一小洞 , 为了阻止痛苦而停止疼痛 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这是设置情绪、效率的过程 , 而adam必须自我解决 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来临时 , 草坪上没有什么东西 , 但抗议的疼痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感方式适用于您 , 实现降低你的标准将是一个信仰 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学校学术比赛将于本周六举行 , 12/11/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们想要和平、自由和平、稳定的环境 , " 雷尔人打开了 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	数学的数学并不少于四个这样的日期 , 开始了1697年 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可以对经济增长的贡献 , 同时也可以保持它的反馈 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为 , 有一些法国人答案解决问题 , " 亚洲的k线说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 研究显示了一种潜在的原因之一 , 为什么它持续发展的原因 。
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源强化工业集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹晓捐了他的armor和rode , 与1000名男人停止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球发布的中国动物 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子使用水翅膀保持自己在水里 , 学习游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保持和破坏混凝土基础安装工程 , 破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸书 , 看看它 , 还有物理触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节省时间戏剧降低你花费印刷和接触表项目时的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩都面临着水域的所有鱼游泳 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个板来看下一个西班牙 , 西班牙攻击 , 放短短 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性脑神经网膜神经诊断的临床意义 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	沉默地 , 丈夫回答道: " 我错过了一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他变成了这个词 , 虽然他的思想也是其他东西 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	切蒂执行了一个著名的面包 , 把卡通通通通往地板 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 内部性dwindledle被视为外部关注的内部感 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾的人有一个伟大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 杜特先生 !
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	2009年 , 全球162亿美元的投资在2009年独自花了162亿美元 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何 " 街道 " 都有趣的衣服 , 是相当的和体育都很好的工作 。
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它改善了你的dps , 但下面的图像 , 你的图像不能触发任何刷子 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	太阳的无时间颜色 , 每天穿着这件皮肤的理想 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	在这里 , 这是一个更现代的例子 , 一个小的hah咖啡还是一些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生了那夜 , 他必须睡在一只手机里 , 因为没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山上解释 , 同时也是旧的皮革秩序 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能力你的心和神经和神经 , 就会让你变得长久了 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇航文件管理员帮助您获得最多的安全智能手机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	位置直接反对shinagawajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	19777年 , 城市问题:马克思主义法 , 伦敦 , 1977年 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在那时 , 我想为什么会有人这样的想法 , 相反思考我的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子和抽屉都转过来 , 找到我们未见过的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	我痛苦的事情 , 怎样能影响那些在街上飞行的人呢 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布消费者价格指数下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	地球的波浪运动 , 地球的风 , 与谐相同 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作团体 , 在危机时 , 因此不要重新辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	综述了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过分离实践和制备 , 仍然是专业人员 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 超字符已经证明了比任何人期望更复杂的复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	在你回来之前 , 你应该把手臂放到火焰之前 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	另外 , 注意力比详细的一般问题更有帮助 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个很好的拯救 , " 德格拉的生命停止了罗宾·范佩西 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	互联银行债券市场股票和交易额占总市场的90% 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	布林兰登在1990年的投票 , 美国已经取得了一部分 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给予他们的耐心和耐心的人都能赢得爱和关心 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们想在下一个25到30年的时间里 , 机器人和人类会谈 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融范围也是一个威胁 , 高级公民通常是目标的 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	后来几周 , 肯尼亚人在睡眠中走出金牌 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死亡中提高了他的朋友拉扎尔斯 。 拉萨斯已经死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六届国会的复制中有许多创新 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:缅甸政府给中国提供了任何指示 , 这是关于朝鲜地区移动的 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学英语 , 学习外国 , 学习外国 , 结婚外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	明亮的陨石被投在英国 , 留下一个vivivivivivivivivid绿色的火车 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在他的早80年代 , 是集团的高级幸存会员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能告诉他他 , 他真正需要做的事情只是在自己内看 , 真正是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔·莱金晶体 , 罗里亚博物馆 ; 托伦托 , 加拿大加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在1555年 , 她的精神刑事也有更严重的转变 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她的死亡和疑惑 , 还是为了年来 , 一个后来 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	三十分钟后 , 她带着她第一次记录的歌曲 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	因此 , 令人惊讶的是那么高的 , 缺乏自由和运动 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	现场2:建模循环行为重点关注迭代行为的建模 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗姆尼 , 英国葡萄牙画家 , 死于布里亚 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我意味着 , 我们失去了我们的人民技能 , 因为这里有美妙的技术在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	尽管我们继续改善 , 但我们的技术应该成为更多的透明性 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好吧 , 我再进床 , 五分钟后来有一扇门 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	诗歌的主权感觉:问大地 , 谁倡导上升和下降 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利能证明他的父母的婚姻在圣诞节的结婚 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	这与传统上所写的唯一差别是常规的方式 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期作家学习 , 如戒指和牧师 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小型仪器被激活 , 以消除组织和粘附 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 所有这些事物 , 如筛选 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 我认为教育体系是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请大批著名的婚姻名字 , 作为教练和咨询人员 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	用 " 朱莉 " 写在河西 , 我穿着那件衣服吗 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第二章完成了太快 ; 战争 , 恐惧和政治分裂了我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	它可能被腐败 , 因为病毒是在内部的 , 因此它正在制作外部蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙古石油配合国家标准 , 安全人类 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我正在路上 , 我举行会议 , 有时在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者给基本kiva3v程序添加一些新的代码 , 并使其编译 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只有走鞋子 , 我就不能穿裙子或衣服 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他获得了阿尔比的认知和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论性暴力程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你曾经发现 , 平方事物的角落总是易损伤的 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我觉得早期的潜在探索者 , 因为我把自己带来走过去 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	这些事情都很抱歉 , 决定修理天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	结论切除术治疗可能是临床癌的主要途径 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭委员们提醒父母并不要把孩子说成高峰真理 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	py显示任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量水平 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 转换到中级或预级气体将删除锁定 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是 , 在未来的芯片中 , 珊瑚的带宽要求可能会变得严重 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计一种基于虚拟声学的视觉辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	稻米 , 棉和蔬菜种子有时在特殊种子中生长 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活的时间来欣赏我们周围的自然和文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港举行的篮板节日和竞争已举行 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 罗伦纳·zezzula , 欢迎了这个论点 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	2003年 , 邮政作家们想出格兰 , 然后在她的晚80年 , 在巴黎 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	七十年的汽车 , 随着风 , 你穿过花朵的生命 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	克莱纳先生看起来似乎是重新改变 , 她就像一名共识建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧化物是我们身体的高度毒素 , 不要把你的细胞冻结 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	然而我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的源不会基于这个引擎的手机 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 好吧 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个人一起走进教堂 , 再来了 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事情 。 我只是想要有任何关于我的故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在三个安装中 , 是超过中国人民的报道 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文介绍的情况下 , 文档的文档文档文档是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	瑞士再次升起来 , 在一个圆形的环境中 , 等待他们的劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中写了这篇文章 , 真正是由事故所发生的 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我绑在胸里 , 把我的下肚子 , 直到我走出来 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样是最重要的移动 , 他们都显得出现了世界上所有的实例区域 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫特克里说 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变其行为 " 如果想要与伊朗的新关系 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你可以简单设置宽度200至200 , 高达45 , 然后接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个可以用于工作、娱乐、好的桌子 , 通常只是在开关 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动循环时 , 它将作为真正的ax , 这种图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	抗激素主义非常强烈地在英国意义上的英国感觉 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家已经完成了当地宇宙最完全的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对于任何设备来说 , 请联系我们在2406806或访问我们的网站 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	这可能不像过去的过去一样灰色 , 而且可以更好地为平均工作男人和女人 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	目前在调查中 , 数量其他非洲国家的爆发都是目前的 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 规则在每个侧和背部攻击的三个地方进行调整 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	你只能在你身体和灵魂的时候 , 只有和平和甜蜜的休息 , 就像你产生自己的身体和灵魂 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种可分辨的形态理论 , 并证明了一种可分辨的可分解理论 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们追溯了城市 , 中国皇帝曾经生活在洛杉矶的灵魂中 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	很多人相信这是莱姆里亚 , 在大西洋丧失的岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中 , 没有毒性、抗原性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	除了完成日子 , 模拟过程可以在第二秒运行 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	表现并不与市场力量和预算相关 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	" 我想保持下去 。 至少有二十年或两年 , " 他说 。
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	一个墙壁的方向 , 我从我的knapsack中拿了一本小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华华 。 北美最西北部的美国在太平洋 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉帕西尼看起来惊讶 , " 你意味着 , 我的女儿问道 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只有找到饮料没有沙感 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	骨骼有一个问题 , 我们希望在下周恢复他和种子 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻到我 , 闻着厚的味道真的让人们想吃一下 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你完成测试你的新行动时 , 将编辑为hellopp.pli 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花一些时间 , 用它来满足和思想 , 留下和返回 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	土壤活动的非线性动特性是复杂、外部和消失 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股票每股5.333美元 , 从前季度上涨5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是有效实施的 , 如何有些组织能够超过这些 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1mcp处理和mackage在存储期间的效果 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的口袋 。 他没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在沙兴工作的前面 , 接到信 , 姐妹们用我的心脏 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 它转化出假设 , 标准构建通常的标签 , 可能是错误 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了g5动态系统测量膜厚度的基础 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	项目也足以存储信息 , 因此它可以为研究和医疗目的提供 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	本文通过对国内外房地产金融的比较 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文用模糊重新对整数方程进行关注 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	洪水仍然在上升 , 在本周的重量下降了俄亥俄的部分 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们头部的外部化和外部化的语音 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	过去几年来 , 哺乳动物核转移已经达到了很多缺陷 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在感觉到油价的意义上 , 当经济过热时 , 通常会有兴趣率的作用 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	白色石的年龄在意大利 , 完成了意大利:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上述人民 , 但一些老板都有很少的能力 , 真正激励他们的员工 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰设备有限公司是你最信任的供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制遗传学 , 但有其他的贡献因素 , 导致你可以控制 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你如何创造个人品牌 ? 衣服男孩的网络观点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五十三章是区域审美术总结hip手术的一般麻醉 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特点6个开放窗户 , 一个电镜和性别的窗户 , 还有3个桌面的灯具 !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我访问北京时 , 小先生用他的老师照片给我 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	希腊蛋白质凝聚在同一量子状态下占据大量的粒子 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	本公司说 , 在市场上有两种高定义dvd , 导致购买公众混乱 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你说 , 他们叫我们的想象 , 这样大预算电影不能实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿的亲戚朋友和特别助理 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的国王当作另一个完全意识的物种 , 不能把自己打开 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	盲目的行为是指链接到一个歌曲的行为 , 附着150个字符评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不使用妊娠状况、癫痫、心脏、高血压、脑梗阻等 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	提出了系统动态模型的动态模型 , 并得到了动态方程的数值结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些将帮助你进一步改善技术 , 托尼和课程实现 , 如果同时 , 这些都会帮助你进一步 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了一种10w/30/30cc级级级引擎油的形成和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些艺术品都需要维护 , 必须在周围工作 , 而且如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 。 卡尔威尔德·威尔德哈德在联合国的卡普尔酒店做出了一个活动 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的中频电源供应电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特·塞威茨博士在非洲建立医疗临床 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	细胞由机械方法、冻结和混合的过程 , 经过一般的过程 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章对清代翻译的影响进行了分析 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	随着计算的变化步骤是由计算产生的纳米化结构产生的 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	常见的放松技术包括冥想、心灵、太阳和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个泄漏点 , 还可以注册a.mobi域 , 指示移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	得到的晶体系统修改了mc公钥钥钥钥匙系统的类型 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗塔亚 , 我出生在什么时候 , 用来成为前奥斯拉维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于porcelain表面装饰和其用途 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分讨论了分散非复发性非复发价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一个基于碘的对比被注射到血流中 , 看作是周围旅行的 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想收到你的旧电脑 , 选项包括回收、回收和捐款 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文讨论了分布指数建设和分布检索的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	由于我们有这样的反射分离 , 直到我们是受到灾难的 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源不少 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国所有主要政策变化都是一个有限的范围的过程和错误的结果 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送他的无罪的儿子来承受我们的惩罚的全部破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的教师鼓励我们找到很多方法 , 如可能工作这个数学问题 。 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	因此 , 当供应链紧张时 , 企业家奥莫里成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感谢通常在形状中转变 , 平方方位于曼达拉斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	正如它可能 , 神经毒素的业务比血毒更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要的声音箱使用边缘和角膜分别设计 , 线程成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	webapp.net使用xml来允许多part协同转换和接口更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时 , " 佩林 " 全球合金来源于饮用声音的错误工作人员 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特里亚的儿童和成年人受伤的大脑损伤 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	厨房-一个经验的球员会试图跟随车辆的机会 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	妈妈:但我是我是1 ) 魔术 , 保持猫不会对我感兴趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师定义了使用rm工具的艺术和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将超过等待这个月 , 直到第二期正式开始时 , 让移动 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以从buzzzzzilla和另一个由源控制系统组成的饲料 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	库里说 , 在非洲的马上 , 没有令人惊讶的气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群的火灾机制是复杂的 , 没有一组太阳能的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	多元和gpu基于系统在这里和谐 , 今天的编程模式很难 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	临床治疗后 , 一些患者的症状已明显改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说太多 , 恩妮 , 你儿子的儿子 , 我希望我怎么问你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	另外 , 根据学生选择的主题 , 还有一个1015页的最终文章 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终留下马姆 , 获得了良好的教育 , 并让她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你对你的问题的责任别人 , 你可能会感到像你错过你那样的收入 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	法官们说 , 即使是在凯特·杰克逊的对象上批准了合同 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们有两个主要的产品类别 , 一个是文件中心应用程序和另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师常告诉我 , 谈话后的病人说 , 很多原因我曾经受过过很多原因 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二 , 三英尺的马 , 三英尺的马 , 这是广泛的和平面 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而 , 我会看到一个年轻人祷告的年轻人祷告 , 比最平等的浪漫祈祷者 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是通信的阿卡恩手段 , 因为最应该被废弃的部分 。 "
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看她在香港玩得更好 , 我觉得她不会在最后一轮失望 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	男孩说: " 幸运的是一个好处 , 你知道 , 你会在长途旅行 。 "
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	" 使用你的手柄的显著优势是你总是和你一起拥有它们 , " 西亚porter说 。
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在一个饮料会议中 , 他的工作人员们应该把维生素放在他们的星期里 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重损失实际上是连续功能 , 因此每一件数据应该附加 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	没有问题是永久的 , 暴雨总是给太阳带来了 。 冬天总是变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	这个邮票在泰菲尼的电影早餐上就像好莱的演员一样 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子穿过我的电话和uhm , 可能叫你 。 所以如果你能拿你的名字 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	好的 。 这是墨西哥的兄弟 , ucatan是回来的 , 这是保罗马拉的兄弟 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定到我们进入世界的价值 , 历史上意味着我们的专业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站都是聚集站或连接线站 , 以及一些情况 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	试验很好 。 跳出大量 , 还有好 。 米克 , 让它自己做错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	与两种方法相比 , 结果表明 , 剪力分解方法比剪力分解方法更好 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	好的 , 我不会试图喂养这些小批评者 , 如果我是你 , 他们会咬死疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	研究了ddd3单晶的纯剪切行为 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列清洁器和智慧的装饰下 , 命令os战斗 , 外部军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个委员会 , 一个联合国官员 , 一个裁判官员 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林 , 使用甲酸盐和微胆固醇来避免药物吸收 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种方式提高非形成贷款 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来了我最终的建议 ; 不要尝试从什么不存在 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	谈论矿爆发电机设备的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在学习自行车巷的半路测量 , 而允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	1979年9月 , 李建立了85名员工 , 据其网站 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念无限扩展信息化表达高速公路 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议我们今天早上xxxxxxxxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学会如何面临失败或错误 , 并且一般地尝试与它交流 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的转变模式来处理它们的缓慢的天气 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表ii:药物、聚合物和填充剂在研究中使用 , 在水和酒精 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 因此 , 当它来吃饭时 , " 他说 , " 没有添加糖味道 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国的hp也主持另一个重要事件 , 每年都称为hp电子世界 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道 , 新建被考虑到了更好的学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	例如 , 这个例子是一个ifthen规则 ; 因此 , 您会看到如果条件和其相应的行动 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	他们介绍了bittorent支持 ; 浏览器边缘 ; 一个好的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时间使用的端点地址只是位置器 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	与她的能力 , vozda提供了一份公司法律实施的工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	普查尔和震击部队在马什的一个坏天空里落下来 , 就像鸭子一样糟糕 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例内固定患者间隔骨折的影响 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量可以从不同的序列数据中获得 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉莉亚:如果我告诉她在很好的路上 , 给她带来了她的幸福吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或高峰 , 或鞋子或鞋子 , 或是指向公园的角色 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说: " 自我意味着 " 不仅是精神崩溃 ? "
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	纳索伯角只反映了上唇的变化 , 但不能反映出面部文件的特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫教练里克·卡利斯说: " 我很高兴他 , 我很高兴 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	一个新的订单子子指数下降至52.8月52.5日 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年为他的绿卡提供了一个应用程序 , 而且他还没有收到它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	本文提出了一种基于plc的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在这些早期 , 它移动了男人 , 它开放了监狱门 , 使使命从成员 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl++++c和ctrl+v建立新的实现只有二秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	schrag说 , 海水的释放将提高海水的时间 , 但并不太多 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人死于池塘 , 都要做几乎完美的死亡或是在岩石上喷洒 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	血清从锚固到纳纳纳纳纳 , 第一位穆斯托克拿上血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱情发生在所有年龄的人们 , 因为一个内在生活变化 , 以及一个人的机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	攻击的首席嫌疑是阿尔巴巴巴 , 美国的恐怖主义群体 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今年 , 为你今天的奶酪 , 明天为你的祝福:出现和年轻美的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	虽然我们说不平均的原因是因为你想起的 , 总是参考到许多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他已经获得了30%的篮子 , 只有68%的篮子只有68% 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备还有更多基本的 , 涉及少的地方 , 而且全部处理了3d的纸张 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2.环只展示与vip客户的会议 , 以实现自己的婚姻和可靠的...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	天然气价格每年4月增长了3.3% , 而且在过去年上升了33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站起来 , 走过小的谈话 , 罗伯特的黑色玫瑰 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于美丽的城镇 , 是 " 中国的摩托车 " 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	在课程创新中 , 强烈应用于课程教师的角色 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	在城下的坡矿被缓慢填满盐布 , 使地面部的表面替代 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成分:小麦杰米油 , 魅力 , 灯光 , 橙色 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看我脚 , 格拉马弗森·斯菲夫决定做一双衣服的靴子 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它跳起来并不尊重地震动猎兵 , 把猎兵扔进来 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是布伦敦 , 你是19岁的 。 你还没有达到你的主人 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何使用添加性合理和改善cathodeco铜的质量 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一种形状的形状和形状的高精度双重功能 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一件事情绝对不想想要的事情是他们不想对自己的个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普德游泳很高 , 可能是全国最好的城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	房间905间 , 金利制造 , 北山路1115路 , 沈阳区 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有二次猜到自己 , 他们不会说出自己的东西 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:对2006年唐山患者的血液学效果进行分析 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	垃圾 , 木板和其他可燃材料必须从热工作领域删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这个正式关系的存在 , 给你带来了工作环境的规则吗 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 覆盖你的战术 , 心理战术是保护管理工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分 , 我主要阐述生态主义理论和生态社会主义的批评 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	分析了音频文件存储格式和重新恢复音频波形的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分为橡胶 , 平面流量和不可接受的文化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸鱼的战斗 , 被安静的战斗斗争留下了许多鲸鱼 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	据挪加的报道 , 财产损预计 , 财产损失达到81亿美元和108亿美元 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个业务旅行 , 我清楚会带来大多数商务的项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文学并未成熟 , 总结和分析早期 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球化学流体显示核活动 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现上述例子 , 您使用一个常规的表达来执行更换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了远程传感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	模拟陶瓷 , 直接安全米晶体陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们把自己看起来很严重 , 另一部分出现出来 , 关注面对面对面临的关注 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	用来检测皮肤检测所有皮肤检测的所有原因 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图像:澳大利亚的珊瑚冲击和马特kiefer ,  flickr 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	对于一个快速 , 真正的餐 , 试着那条蛇站在街上 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一个父亲很难工作的父亲 , 在生活中带来了他的儿子 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	第一章介绍了qsar和包装方法、进展和应用程序的第一章 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了苯乙烯催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	你曾经参加医院接受医疗 , 或是在过去两年内受医疗 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	腹部紧张性被注意到 , 心动检查显示颈椎动力紧张性 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给了 " 龙虎战 " 的名字 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	id也指出了快乐原则 , 还代表自我认识 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不清单贷款自己为印度最新一代建设的钱 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	本系统可以有效地利用传输带宽 , 实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后提出了基于v的固体解决方案的研究焦点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	据计划 , 最大的基金来源是销售回归的 , 而且已经出现了最大的资金 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温催化剂 , 制备活性粘土 , 制备了活性粘土和硫酸 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前租借允许您请求您在某些时期内有紧张的假期吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最终路径 , 是每个人都可以工作的事情 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着有趣的服务和谐的气氛 , 护理家庭真正是年龄的家庭 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工买了3332个杂志 , 44个非影响书籍 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克隆恩先生:我亲爱的 , 为什么不告诉我这是什么 。 我肯定我能帮你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可以采取错误的鸟类 , 通过手柄和污染的种子进行污染 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去努力达到健康护理改革的心理会议 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	本公司拥有自己的研究基础 , 并在上海、上海和山西省生产基地 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	凯森建议: " 让我们住在城镇的廉价摩尔之一 。 "
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 问题仍然担心精确 , 还适用于其他太阳周期 。 "
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	一位白头发的高男人拿出来了 。 这是阿尔伯特 , 摩利的姐妹的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	这是在泰国的 , 一个男人在重雨中走过一条黑色的街道 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免越南战争的服务 , 放下根 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要组件:活性萃取液、橄榄油、维生素b5、geranum 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作误差是更多成功的训练地位 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但是 , 在这里许多对比中 , 我发现最抱歉的事情总是拒绝 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们惊讶听到损害 , 订单在我们的工厂之前正在仔细包装 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢家们需要机会 , 像其他人一样 , 他们恐惧失败 , 但他们拒绝恐惧控制他们 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	警察在城里没有充分支付 , 甚至还没有足够的钱 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分学习新闻文章的过程 , 如本自由期刊教学视频的记者 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有强大的工作市场时 , 组织需要做什么可以吸引最高的候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次在客户机前面 , 请求解释某些事情是一个危险的经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要进入信仰的跟踪 , 因为你不能测试每行代码 , 你必须测试 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是 " 最糟糕的bach记录我曾经做过过的 , 还是最为普通的 " 。
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火灾和风吹起了全部 , 吸烟的木树和吸引着古老的布什 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页面的内容是从illyport或illy自定义进出口公司目录的 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我曾经通过我的绘画来表达我的关注 , 通过视觉化人类和环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用程序高效地提高系统资源的高效分配 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男人建议不要喝21个单位和14个女性 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	在崩溃状态的时候 , 无论是温度和浓度依赖 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部约瑟利元素将在热压铝镀金灰 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包装床是1980年开发的一种新型高重力气体设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	没有什么语言我学到的 , 我总是试着看我自己的杯子 , 就像 " 全部 " 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要被激励 , 如果一位雇主举行你的账单来检查其实体性 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔纳 , 拉米尔和家庭认为 , 盐可以成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	空气a320飞机从莫斯科飞到基因瓦时 , 试图出现的hijacacac 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	当然 , 50名学生发现6家公司和切尔兹公司是其中一个 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自从那时 , mcdonald和它的分支已经删除了11000家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	可以书籍和图书馆在这个世界的可视性和相关性 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家可以解决只有一个小型的病例 , 例如两个平板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这项发现还增加了更多困惑 , 以确定女性的最佳策略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	我并不同意他的一些情感评估我是一个 " 独特的 " 的月球 " 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃里克的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代数学家 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 有限制它的限制 , 但不可能销售f2的日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	马西亚是一个典型的中场者 , 他必须展示自己的位置 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六我们看到彼此相互的柏林 , 与迈克哈尔·戈巴切夫 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这是一种水果 , 来自纳华尔的水果 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	就像猴王走进洞里 , 另一个动物覆盖着岩石的门 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的方法比必要更多 , 但是它肯定是为他们提供最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	在18881年的铁路后 , 建立了一项过程 , 迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我在我们的主要帐篷里找到距离 , 从来没有想到北极的树木 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	反应由全部震动、紫外、尿动脉和血管肿组成 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄金周围有许多小黄金矿床 。 核矿 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	关注现有资产的底部方法和特征 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	为了研究一个角色 , 因此可以替代正常的表演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	由于一些很高收入 , 德特森解释说 , 平均键比媒体更高 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可能会在下一次重新编写您的变更 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 所以我们从来没有写出它 , 但是我们发现一些有趣的事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	它必须反对这一点 , 即使新年的语言交流了一个优秀的游戏经验 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你发现一个公寓你喜欢 , 将应用程序传递到陆地或属性管理器 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期也可以恢复超级的诺达西单位:攻击是一个日期的看法 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	本研究所获得的单色色体染色体是稻田3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	他创造的最小雕塑 , 保持有机形状和文本的关系 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	没有历史 , 除了她有几年前的地下杯 , 还有几年的历史 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	另外 , 还描述了西方游客的西方游客的攻击 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 不可能印度 , 必须让他们的政府财务更加精心 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	生产开始于秋季 , 电影预计在201年夏季发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	带着严重的英语 , 你是我梦想得到的红十字母球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	沙巴现在只有40%的摩加尔兰财产 , 大约60%的60% 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	随着温暖的天气预测西班牙 , 德国人说 , 他的日子应该站在好的稳定 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:对92.3%的成功率进行108例癌症成功恢复 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特性如分离、环境影响在盘子的周围出现 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	然而 , 这是非常确实的确 , 看起来似乎是如果如果 , 那也许都不知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	温德斯洛ot说 , 他离开了她的酒店附近的海滩 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	这里她不仅谈到真正危险因素 , 她也规则出错的迹象 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并不比祈祷者更有效 , 看起来就可以解释为协作 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据秩序需求 , 可以设计两个可调节的层次 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	如1980年代的马拿大平原一样 , 没有一个情形的声音 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞布朗克有限公司是正式专业装饰公司的一个好信心 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然的时候 , 我喜欢城市的一切都是这样的 。 "
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几个理论例子 , 给出了表面的区域纠正 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例显示代码页在源中使用的代码页面 , 它也是窗户使用的 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设置温度高时 , 可再生性与热速度有负面关系 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史是伟大的 , 中国食物是丰富的 。 让我们享受我们的午餐人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特写成当前的贝尔 , 艾利斯·贝尔 , 和安妮·贝尔一样 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	我永远不会忘记那些日子 , 当我住在军队的时候 , 士兵们对我的生活有很大的影响 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	第一件布拉姆在回来的事情是运动妈妈 , 给她的丈夫和吻 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运地 , 路由可治疗 , 减少路由的风险将恢复 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一个方法来返回其类别的实验室和一个方法来绑定克服行动 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰建立了一个停止和覆盖 , 这个探索了恐怖和费德南的天赋 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	这个明白您应该使用双指数 , 如果您想要语义正确的数字比较 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	自由的大学生活人民自由忘记过去的自由 , 流动到现在 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	在空中没有旅行很远的辐射形式 , 而且不能把皮肤渗透 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后提出了集团开发策略实施混凝土建议和措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	通常和基本上 , 我仍然是人类和我们的社会之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这个腐蚀盆地被封闭 , 进化成沉积盆地的沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 当移动相位移动相位时 , 节约和熵两者都有助于保证 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化都带来了新鲜的服装、衣服、珠宝和身体颜色 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	在会议金融集团对外国酒店的影响下 , 是因为 " 狼 " 来 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	罗纳尔·雷根说: " 我的生命中没有出现的四战争 , 因为美国太强劲了 。 "
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	9月份 , 该公司在9月份宣布了其销售预测 , 至2010年至6000辆车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	不会反对中国的原则 , 其他国家内部事务的非干扰 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨用guillillianbre综合征患者电图学特点 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾素产生癌症 , 肾疾病可能导致癌症的缺陷 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	为了担心别人 , 必信别人 , 事实上都是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他将动物收集在生命期间 , 因为他们的环境和选择了某些特定的特点 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	外缸和内缸之间的空气在空气泵入真空气中 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有人设计这个函数、编码、可访问的怪物类型 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913和1913年 , 他没有出版任何关于法律结构的东西 , 直到1912年或1913年 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以在html指定位置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	给出了mmmm4u变频镜中的塑性稳定性和潜在定义的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 这些交换属性描述系统的平衡状态的状态是称为状态变量的 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	介绍了单扫描链设计的存储元素的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文用宏观树脂来处理废水 , 从制造硫酸盐 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	负责党的工作 , 负责党的工作 , 直接反映了机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	绅士无法资源丰富 , 并且在军队和政治环境有密切联系 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	汽车的车辆 , 达到不可供的标准 , 应该不能在路上运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用来治疗急性和慢性肠炎和腹泻炎引起的细菌或功能的急性和慢性肠炎 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	其他协议在18880年和1892年被封闭到英国的保护地位 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察综合反应治疗牙利腺癌综合征综合征综合征的疗效 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小剂量的2:阳光快速不容易被清洁在东西和雨天清洁 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后由两种类型037种抗泡沫的防腐工艺加强了四种船舶 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和发展作为一种新治疗药物的烧伤和伤愈合 , 还是解决这个问题 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医学:很多宠物 , 胰腺素 , 更多的酶皮片 , 梅宁等待 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对游戏参数的影响很少 , 但没有任何减少 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	委员会长jihua会议 , 与卡加马文化交流集团的主要成员 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	当前的冠军罗尼奥·奥斯利夫相信ding俊华有什么样的方法 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	时间部署工作安全 , 严格执行领土监管责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区的公安工作将面临着良好的发展和前面的挑战 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需求正在驱动它的部门 , 以实现标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划设备其他超光电机 , 从10到60公里的电动机 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在已经被新所有者采取了 , 而且它的钱却似乎是过去的事情 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑我们都是insansan , 它将解释我们彼此教育 , 它将不会有许多骑士 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	但是有关那些能从死亡或鬼子或性别或你有什么东西 , 都有各种事情 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	sift共同干燥成分组成混合碗 , 添加方向蝴蝶和knead 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	虽然很多来自银行政治家的演讲 , 这样的观点并不会被握 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗星价格为5星级提供 , 价值建议在市场上不匹配 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我想读者得到了这个点 。 在我们所有的行动中 , 我们太忙着做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	基本上所有的东西和里斯 , 以及一些人 , 他们的生活中都感谢 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在许多情况下 , 他们与我国正常经济秩序相互干扰 , 影响了许多高质量货品市场的市场 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑事法 , 税收相关犯罪包括各种机构的税收体系 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 基于hikivie的图像捕捉板的图像捕捉板 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能是在辩论的原则 , 例如识别下降、或理解偏见的原则 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否做街道照片或访问一个自然或人造网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能在你的兴趣方向扩展你的当前位置 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将通过你的头部的角度来填补你的身体 , 你不真正的习惯 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度的变化 , 最优化模型降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	这些年来 , 通道的主要特点是多路传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都是底下 , 金钱总是让决定 " 菲利格里诺告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	莎米波和其他产品设计开放的标准池不停止发损失或促进发育的重新分布 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	温室试验结果表明 , 生物控制的效率达到72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 我们没有人认为我们坐在那个不太遥远的未来的峰顶上 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周在我们的系列、拉里西和托尼·里格斯描述了一个反war运动 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使是在学习中心或领导旅游 , 在历史上需要一个主题的地方 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	bct费将在16岁以上的新加坡人和新加坡pr上等待 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	介绍了hl7中间件实现方法 , 介绍了多参数监测器的实现方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我在我的平原列表中 , 我的命令链不会让我移动 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆挂载公司被作为一个例子 , 为操作模式的初步研究 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵风险分析模型具有独特的理论和解决这些问题的方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来的支付价值分配价值的业务学习方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么能说呢 ? 连续没有呼吸 ? 怎么能再生吗 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	克林斯:这个大规模的惩罚是对未来暴力的警告 , 类似于帕罗勒 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一节解释了这个成本更完全 , 因为它探讨了如何启动成本的初始激励 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动学的科学研究是认知事物和客观法的认知过程 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	但是 , 费尔的妻子 , 林达 , 还有一个幽默的事情是错的: " 你知道妻子 。
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	在原则上 , 每个版本都是基因的 ; 估计60000基因都是相同的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有或没有足够的研究人员寻找这个主题 , 那么作者应该注意政府来做什么 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再来 , 如果你想匹配这些字符的另一个字符verbaim , 你必须使用一个逃离背景 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当2008年欧洲冠军的模式时 , 预测赢家并没有给第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	随着多功能死亡 , 平方和圆孔孔角钢膨胀可以制造 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	良好的心灵是广泛、慷慨的 , 而且对人类的利益有益 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	这里 , 我首先表达了我们最自从最好的祝贺到班级团体实现的结果和类似 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	在婴儿中心的地方 , 赢得了全国建设 " luban奖 " 现代园艺 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几个星期 , 我的26岁儿子 , 大卫一直在跟他去阿斯兰城 , n 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	这家银行拥有其顾客的信任 , 并没有看到任何有意义的资金流 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	保险游泳员迪安娜·迪纳德已经成为第一个人来自古巴的游泳 , 没有鲨鱼笼 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	博哈纳告诉记者说: " 这将不负责总统对此立法的负责 。
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事显示了贫困国家的悲剧现实以及其对人民和他们的家庭的影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在一年之后 , 心理疾病患者是明天执行的 , 你正在为一年的短期合理 !
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	根据相关规定或消除检查人员的任何人都会按照相关规则处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许小于kiloton , 听起来像很多 , 但实际上很小 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在更基本的基础层面上 , 美国人害怕死亡 , 但正在想死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	太阳后 , " 茱莉·佩林意识 " 读: " 中国伟大的年代 , 没有云变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	全球银行是美国公司位于华盛顿海滩 , 加利福尼亚 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商将有超过医疗设备的质量体系 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个喜欢道德化的人通常是一个假设 , 而且一个女人也不可避免的平原 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	尽管我们没有人会独立地把宇宙的课程变成宇宙的过程 , 集体上我们可以做这个 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 然而 , " 他补充道 , " 通过我们的领导人和智慧 , 这些插件被忽视 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	一项调查长江山地区的野生花和其应用 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记住 , 神的名字 , 我们的名字 , 耶和华的神是这座塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用一个基于推迟器 , 通过证据钢板判断了电荷的破坏 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自从fda开始扫描药物 , 基因分享了27%的美国 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文总结了almg合金添加的合金添加剂的实验调查 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	根据消息集的消息 , 这并不会在布鲁克er文件系统上保存 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰·布特森 , 与儿童交易的极端固定公司 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该需要更多的字来解释图片的意思或为什么包含它 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	佩普尔 , 巴西 , 摩根 , 土耳其 , 耶稣 , 李梅 , 洋葱和蒜只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	尝试和清理你的思想 , 让你觉得正面的思想 , 这是艾滋病睡觉的 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但是在1992年加入npt , nsg在2004年加入了npt , 至少是正式的 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	汉尼问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金正在不再爱一个人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村资本投资的高效率和低效率 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	对于一段时间来说 , 姨夫还有很大的东西 , 她也打开开了 , 然后把它放出来 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有嘴巴 , 眼睛 , 眼睛 , 身边的肢体 , 这些唇都不聪明 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	爷爷 , 告诉我你怎么做的事情 , 有时我想成为最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚总统罗马尼亚是黑海地区的伊斯兰主义基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与酒精之间的直接联系是很好的理解 , 但酒精对其他机构的影响是什么 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但是我觉得这是时间重新评价我做的事情 , 还是不管是没有任何价值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中最后的接收项目 , 包含一个额外的html类:网上需要 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 " 感谢上帝几乎周五 " , 单词通常使用于周四 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	爱德利·杰先生 , 61岁的活动家和演员 , 比他们的任何人更长 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很抱歉 , 我很抱抱歉 , 而且我知道我想要的是什么 。 如果让坏女人好 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们问关系专家们应该讨论你应该讨论的 , 这里是13个问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	2002年以来 , 北京官僚首席福布斯 , 已经覆盖中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一个停止是东莞 , 东莞县已经在出口贸易中出口力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	我们有关国家卫生服务的立法 , 十年前 , 没有事情发生 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到目前 , 本文根据实践的基础理论和测试的框架构成了一个框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客触摸一个人 , 让他们知道他需要通过 , 但是允许他的手长得比必要 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他走到她 , 把她轻轻轻地为她的无信 , 保证了她的搜索 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipsjtomcat.zip向您的tmcat安装目录 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	这个团队只有通过cdk1分化成骨细胞的ezh2磷 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但是中国并不认识这个事实 , 如果他应该做的话 , 那么它会导致自己的优势 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长调节剂对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘掉礼物的基本真理时 , 它总是引起困难的教堂 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了实现马里亚的未来 , 必须满足许多条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	医生弗兰克·保罗是来自瑞士联邦科技学院的专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	佛电影合同和叶片长久 , 洛杉矶或婚礼 , 没有像任何东西一样的东西 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	执行监测、检测、质量控制在室内和子合同钢制造和焊缝 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了其编码基因和应用程序 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	紧密购物尝试和控制钱 , 只能依赖您自己的内部创新机器和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 这可能会有可能获得同样的限制性 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救援努力并不足以获得组装线的地方 , 然而 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:房间2011年 , 陶瓷研究机构 , 冯西路 , 中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于甲酸乙酸离子离子离子电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和keleleton对象也需要考虑开始和承诺容器管理交易的开始和承诺 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我愿意在天上和地上 , 血液 , 和火山 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自从新世纪开始以来 , 这个主题开始了大规模的引入 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年建立了一家著名的中国现代绘画和书籍网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用的通信建立了inify的通信 , 可以用功能作为跟踪 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠是精神病范围下降的意识之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	根据法律 , 中国的法律 , 中国人应该遵循中国的法律 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液测试早于妊娠7周的早期 , 超声不会发生 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc媒体也增加了越来越多的血管模型的数量和血管营养 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 通常在你的眼睛 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败 , 他的妻子会有一个可行的剂量 , 证明他与他相符 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是空间距离的关键是一个关键 , 自动变化是全球变化 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望上海的同学或朋友可以阅读您的话 , 如果可能的话 , 我希望上海的课堂或朋友 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了电视图书馆的电视图书馆 , 这是艾滋病软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但是牛奶充满白细胞 , 使牛奶上帝更糟糕 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	同时 , 烹饪和可编辑质量大多是由f1组合的gca测定的gca和sca 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	该技术支持uclidean距离测量和lftuclideidean距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	克克斯特说: " 随着治疗方向普通化疗药物的设计而设计 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	最近几周 , 汽油的平均价格下降了7% , 每盎司每盎司每盎司的3.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她准备修改器时 , 发现所有的视频剪辑在记录中装载的所有视频 。
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然你可以购买一些不锁定的电话 , 通常是一个操作方法 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验表明 , 金属离子对金属离子的形状、尺寸和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	姜说: " 如果我从美国开始 , 我会花更多的时间去找基金 。 "
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果有神经分裂 , 那么可以解释一个重要行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干化学试验的临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一个伟大的员工 , 使我的团队有重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	这个记者有权选择和出版本的写作和图片的权利 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第12条小规模税人或税务服务的利率为6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组的电机功能显著改善 , 尤其是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	药物通过子药物传播 , 由热波和强烈的野火组成 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张照片 , 约翰·莱恩逊和好莱坞的照片 , 他们就像一个平滑的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的头发和银色的玻璃使他成为哈利波特的死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一般邮件通常邮寄到美国电子邮件 , 首先是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡是一个富裕的部分 , 必须给予贫穷或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	所以在碰撞之后几乎发生了什么 , 电子在这里倒塌了 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么 ? 这就像是你站在那个巨人跳舞的时候 , 看起来像是什么样 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内部艾滋病 , 让他们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她喂牛奶三到四个时间 , 同样的婴儿需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	为了我们的知识最好 , 大脑胶囊肿瘤不少被瑞士报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看 , 这个新闻是一位80岁的女孩 , 为她的生儿3000元 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	使用erph工具来设计系统信息模型 , 并建立了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	没有洪水到我们的路上 , 但在这里 , 在山地里有山区落在路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层和监督控制层网络系统的框架 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论目前实验室检查并不明显帮助bmt早期诊断 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	设计的传感器也可以用来测量其他类型的线性位移或旋转角度 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析汉代铜铜的一些现象 , 分析了汉代的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	西部和东部地区的一些不同的pt条件是重庆大型骨折之间的 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运行策略:适应积极、先进的、独立发展 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 这种方案被认为是可用的 , 用于管道沉淀的计算 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	设置的价值是一个参考java.语言 。 或子claclas 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	国家集体运动协会是美国的大学体育运动协会 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着那些住在下一个大房子里的人 , 不要你 ? " 问女孩 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我的丈夫的第一次教练经验是一位高级学校篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨血管内血压的临床特点及治疗 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	如洗、吹孔等缺陷有缺陷 , 分散在蝴蝶式阀门中 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	每年你在这里每年都会增加通胀和对象 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	寒战的长期原因是由于东与西之间的理想差异的理想差异 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	抗抑郁剂丸的下面之一是他们可以在两周之间进行长时间工作 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有一个伟大的关系 , 即使是他称之为我想知道所有的事情 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是美国学习和发展基金建立的主要效益 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文分析了现代景观演变项目的建设管理 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市民国会 , 广州人民国会 , 华盛顿大学主任 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立复合材料的质量控制 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分成标准房间 , 豪华房间 , 单室 , 各种套房 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨医疗强度护理单位的细菌感染和耐药状况 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨大鼠肠杆菌的吸收动力学 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜的 , 美妙的范围 , 魔鬼的洞 , 水 , 摩西 , 奴隶 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	回到韩国的烟雾和威胁城都享受了两个人在爱的时候 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	因此 , 这只是最有电子 , 你可以在单一轨道上有两个电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘了水平表面 , 忘记站在背边 , 只是把你的队员拿起来 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 敲 " 意味着独特的信息共享、互相理解和相同时期的平行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰还有神话质量 , 因为直到日本发现他们不可能生长 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	就在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我他 , 妻子在34年前搬到了 , 正好结婚 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	跟着一群群群人 , 音乐也是loud , 我也喜欢我的自由 , 现在我不肯定我做 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	本发明应该是专利的 , 必须在艺术中的普通技能之一 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	5月5日 , 莱纳纳德字段释放和文章在巴塔维亚 , 伊利诺伊关于孤独的文章 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣利亚明显是一座岛屿 , 只有希望它能够保持未来的魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请保持清洁环境 , 转移细胞电话和b.b.称 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	另外 , hpac的治疗效率比传统的pac或铝酸钠更好 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户命令从音乐博客中增加了什么价值 ? 可能没有 。
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我只是在丹麦 , 而且它就发生在我那里 , 没有一个大规模的吉尔普社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了处理基于集群的负载负载负载负载平衡 , 是实现负载平衡的必要 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但是在那么暴力的现象中 , 原因变了 ; 无论是仍然是引起的 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与爱尔兰群体相同 , 给我们带来了一个新的观点 , 给我们带来陶瓷的方法 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务媒体是信贷市场的关键问题 , 是短缺经济的关键问题 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听说 , 可是还没办法 , 然后她看到北方的蓝色和蓝色 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到它在数百年的弗里亚帕尔 , 所以只有半光 , 这是诗歌感觉的本质 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但是改变足够的词 , 虽然它只是时候 , 而你的思想就会结束死亡 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然两个女孩有一个变化 , 另一个人把猎物扔进水里 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳在河上流淌着河 , 和河上混合着幽默 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一对鞋子里都不适合你的鞋子 , 所以你可能需要分离正常的鞋子或体育 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后 , 他向保护和处理一封信件 , 但详细的是他的特殊的插件不知道 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	通过宗教团体的宗教培养 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和增强氢燃料生产的喷雾 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔菲歌唱 , 诺顿玩 " 瑞士河 "  , 然后 " 孟斯兰圣诞 " 快点 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	事务机制和系统将由公司保持 , 代理商店 , 零售商老销售 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期存储系统 , 必须通过视觉检查来控制库存 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	然而 , 我对你说 , 应该更容易对司法的土地进行判断 , 比此 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一次对各位艺术家来说都是一次演讲 , 为了保罗麦卡尼教授 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	新应用程序或功能性能大大提高了成本 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	杰出适合于开放的衬衫 , 通常是运动员 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后给出了匹配和线性电压控制的最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 黄张不能控制自己 , 但开始与他的妻子和可吸引的婴儿一起笑 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道如何在一起工作 , 如何为我提供足够的资金 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	得到一些惩罚 , 还是有一件东西 , 和锤子轻轻地躺在床上 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	轻松是一只鲨鱼剑 , 轻松是一种能让所有人提交自己的电力 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 哲学和经济都变得不可重视的反对 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试的话 , 我会得到一个坏的级别 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但是两次学术奖金也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	数字两个 , 指针会参考点 , 并遵循它的箭头来访问它的指标 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	1891年12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 第一个篮球游戏在历史上扮演 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期的醒来 , 他已经声音了与共和党人在国会工作的意愿 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本的安全已经变得更多 , 但日本已经成为了那些逃离美元的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	地上 , 他们的地方有可逮捕的痕迹 , 树 , 山到西和天然春天 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	詹宁白博士已经出版了许多文章 , 在有机化学和香水的主题 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗 ? 我不相信它 , 我觉得他一切时间与我的兄弟一起工作 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的姐妹已经错过了一间蘑菇 , 她把我保持在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	卡纳罗斯赞扬了 " 外交 " 的生命 , " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	利夫什说: " 这只是那些必须担心事情发生的巨人 。 "
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们把自己的办法放到第二楼房间 , 把门上 , 把自己穿在办公室的统一 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的对象融合方法 , 可以克服传统对象融合方法的绘制 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了一种用于注射液相色谱测定的hplc方法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件过程元素是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	对于经验的讨论 , 本文介绍了大量前秦儒家儒家和道德主义的思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房 , 他沿着他的信里滑了刀 , 把他们的折叠的信息 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地的人杀死了所有的人 , 反对国王阿蒙 , 他们把他的儿子在他的地方 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	另一个零售链之间 , 是第一次给大众和压力提供同样的销售地板 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	达格尔并不需要从发明到生活 , 因为他被法国政府推出的资金 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉人们吃鲨鱼的文件是很好的 , 但是吃这么一样的动物是不错的 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	为了传感空气温度 , 如风热隧道、热空气隧道等 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电源转换器在增强模式操作时 , 低压侧电池将发电 , 为dclink提供功率 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的下面发生在1256年 , 由于蒙古帝国扩张到伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个阻止区域图和边界图 , 提出了一个不能参加振动的边界图 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下文链接应该对创建和使用它们的事务需要进行信息 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个夏季 , 让你的电脑桌面已经变成了幻想 , 充满尝试 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微电力学系统多重度宏观模拟非标准结构秩序降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨甲醇-甲基甲酰胺的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在我喜欢学校之前 , 我喜欢一切东西 , " 现在 , 19岁的cnn电视说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间与各种类型的房屋和贸易人员的工作闪烁着他们的消息 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学习一些当地的法国 , 包括一个在家庭布隆尼亚的家庭布隆尼亚 , 如果吃毒 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	然而 , 在某种危险中 , 假设可变的危险 , 定量的事情都有一定的冲突 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的正式设置 , 给出了正交x转换器的常规半roup的构造理论 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析了安东纳高度扫描的存在问题 , 采用辐射特性测量方法 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但是我们必须提醒我们的标签 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 五七 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满了轰炸和骄傲 , 因为他们收集了他们的第一个部队 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	模拟这种价格位置显著增加潜在的null布局已经积极 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果表明 , 黄马和蒙古羊之间的抗感染有显著的差异 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	村庄跨越 " 和其它人 " 小河 " 、 " 村庄跨越 " 等 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在新西兰电视台的视频图片中 , 男人在他从橡胶带来伤害的男人 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 乔治马逊大学地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	奥兹卡的土耳其农民并非免疫在每个地方都是打击农村社区的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	因此 , 叶子种子用根 , 花根 , 然后把这些大植物放进另一棵树上 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	一个政治科学家peterl&ouml说: " 火山公园正在来临终 。 "
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	由厦门西汉堡的沉积样本收集 , 定量地处理了西汉堡的沉积样本 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两者都成功到饮料和女性的临床 , 与批评家和压力相关 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	达什板收到了集中应用程序的上下文信息 , 并使用它来查询后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	gvgrvgandbase系统是一种软件控制和管理许多gv的软件来完成许多材料传输任务 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	第一章从书五章开始 , 就有一个药物 , 这种药物已经推广了一个希望的禁止 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	运输方便:上海220公里 , 65公里从杭州 , 290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	瑞士作家罗伯特·沃尔特创造了一个诗人 , 他实际上写了一个自我赞誉 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	每件事情都有思想 , 说 , 你现在做出了你现在的人 , 还包含了你未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖主义的nuke , 组成了trayexovietfisile材料 , 可以破坏你的整天 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听了两个朋友谈论过去 , 想 " 梦想到现实 。 "
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	运营研究的性质和特点 , 知识系统 , 开发历史、应用程序、业务决策中的功能 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	据伊里克森说: " 我是一个真空 , 我已经活了500年了 。 "
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	因此 , 在压力下 , 要减少警察数量的结果是用户计划的结果 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	当伊利雅的时候 , 只有上帝把我看起来像他死后一样的预言 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	他说 , 参加他的阅读 , 大量的历史人 , 4000人住在同一个城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确保 , 我觉得你应该有三层涡轮测试 , 以及测试安排的考试 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	学校有小黄 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 现在积极努力建立一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	本公司拥有强大的技术力量和国内先进产品r&d能力的研究机构 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝结冷却与组织失去触摸 , 白海的天使也承认他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在民族卫生机构上投资免疫高度的关键 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	本文介绍了该机理的设计和计算方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在影响福利多元主义的影响下 , 社区护理成为复制问题的主要策略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	实际上 , 我每天都喜欢在杰利的时候 , 而我用冷水就没有什么事情 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被存储到一个持久介质作为新的文档或作为他们原始的数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学辩论的解决方案具有良好的稳定性、服务寿命和低粗糙性 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他是由4名高级部长和特定责任的官员支持 , 同时也是政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	住房活动家和学者说 , 这个选举将会很容易 , 但不会结束 , 房子危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利亚的目标是为了捕捉她在那段时间框架中最好的portrait , 你的工作是帮助她做的 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文先生说 , 从现在移民的移民将在澳大利亚的 " 结构上发挥更大的作用 " 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个很好的责任 , 知道你是为未来准备的 , 中国的下一代领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这个失去人类 , 他们有一个战争的观点 , 首先要问问问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板加强软土基地具有快速速、更好的效果和易于建设的特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 19999年建立了心态咨询 , 目前已被塑料的非常威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	它比原始的一个和覆盖240毫米的22个伦敦公共汽车的等效区域更大50倍 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	不过上帝不仅忘记过去 , 就像你从来没有承认罪 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	观察人们每个人都关闭到6个人 , 哭泣 , 而且每个人都在那个最后的时候 , 让我感谢我更多 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟的厨房是一个非常成熟的加工技术 , 看起来是一个普通的手段 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	在2005年房产的峰值上 , 两家房产的销售都在两倍运行 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:对6例sb患者和8例正常人员进行多糖尿病检测 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	她的男孩 , 他们在水平上得到好吗 ? 父亲对此非常高兴 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	非医学使用预防药物在5059岁的年龄组比60岁的年龄组更常见 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国客人对中国人民的基本利益 , 与中国人民交易和朋友一样 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们也可以猜 , 这样的太布什可能会伤害人身的牙齿和他的情绪 , 使他感到很大 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是 , 一个超自信的李思想 , 两个银行都增强了 , 代码会在中心弱 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	瓦伦拉 , 是最受欢迎的旗帜 , 是一个独立的例子 , 在快速的购物前面 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	三十岁的女性在中国舞蹈文化中都有几乎像个人一样的地位 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲常在这样的晚上错过他们的路 ; 我可以告诉你现在没有机会 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是关于爱、幸运、青年文化和街道生活的新型壳鱼电视 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏幕的新闻 , 死亡滚动现在是21000人 , 000人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , eg插入到一个 " 蠕虫 " 之后 , 如它扩展 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	自从答案可以更自然地回答 , 因为高尔夫球员在高尔夫球员浪费他的军队 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他的玉米有少量水 , 没有粉末 , 当你加热一系列玉米时 , 水内就会使玉米开发 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红葡萄酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症 , 心脏疾病 , 依赖剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到我能花太多 , 现在我必须住在我的信用卡 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会的责任是明确定义的 ? 这些定义会满足区的需求 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	研究人员确保摄影机的一项应用程序是流体细胞 , 用于血液分析 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺 , 他说: " 领域的信心和保护 " 客户端的秘诀 " 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 并介绍了负高压电源的理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但是如何标准产生神经科学评估的标准是目前没有考虑的 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我问她的建议 , 她总是准备帮助 , 解释了我的全部满意 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这个版本双扫描器有两对输出线 , 使它适用于广泛的使用 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你处理学校像一个惊人的教育经验 , 那么机会就会得到很多 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国的邀请来自叙利亚的暴力反对抗抗抗议者 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地回答道: " 先生的声音 , 就像上帝吻了 , 没有任何伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	但是随后他们有四分之一的战斗 , 他们杀死了一个可考虑的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在广阳高中发展 , 获得了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从奥伦斯基转移到贝州霍夫的政权 , 这是在莫斯科附近形成的 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能操作 , 包括战略地下和覆盖操作的使用 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我院英语课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是不会发生的 , 几乎没有完全低关键的细胞组合工作的原因 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理也访问罗德a总体医院 , 由中国社会福利项目资金 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个例子正在改变桌空间容器的位置 , 它也可以使用背部和重新使用 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有引起业务名牌的损害 , 但将增强他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	mercator的世界是一个数月的地图 , 探索 , 发现地球和空间映射 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元将运行198.95美元 , 转换视频和图像来自您的计算机 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	在上海海海海岸的最后一项全球损失的调查 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试类似于最近的实际格局 , 问题类型和困难程度相似 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	比较了vrvv热泵空调系统的经济效率 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这部电影是美国版本的两千八个法国版本 , 称为 " 诗人 " 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	纯金的灯泡 , 用灯泡烧在内部的金属前面 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有许多道术家在唐代有 " 唐代 "  , 上清区具有最重要的影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展已经给出了基督和其他外国节的流行 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐歌在 " 一个小知识 " 的新疆 " 展示了思想治理念的各侧 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春节的第一次声明雨季节是明显的内部特征 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有的sainsac.指令员都在工作层培训和评估中获得证书4 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以把这笔钱给那些在达尔夫的校园里 , 给疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看 , 我们拇指和拳击员 , 我们在车时得到了很少惩罚 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁可以知道你的眼睛并没有与灯泡黑色触摸 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有许多 " 可能 " 的 " 或许 " 的人似乎只是能贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置的原因是一个变化 , 例如一个sort流 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本烹饪书中 , 所以 , 适合全年消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果在交付和出生权的gestal年龄比较少 , 且出生率明显较小 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统已经选择了一个公共生意业务执行 , 成为他的新秘书 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然我不能吃饭 , 但我仍然可以用这些鼻子和排放来得到 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp被给予了奖励权力 , 这意味着它被允许称为大学院 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年出版了我第一篇文章 , 但在1983年的时候没有开始写 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以把步骤回来时 , 开始了解为什么发生的事情 , 你可以寻找正面的邮件 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着你必须战斗如果你想要保持技能 , 而且给你留下更少的注意力 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	为了追溯到家里的玫瑰 , 为了旅游 , 因此 , 没有瞬间返回嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种工业的新标准包括卫生保健 , 提高了xmlenabled应用程序的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你做了严重的错误 , 如果你受伤了其他人或自己 , 那就没有用来感觉 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	一个主机或服务决定在低压阈值下的时候停止飞机 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	变量系数 , 解决方案本身和正常流体可能是在接口中不断存在的 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中9硝酸激素激素激素激素的稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母 , 教育家 , 心理学家 , 寻求帮助 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	第一次出口 , 重 , 米里地 , 玛丽的植物 , 伟大延迟我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸爸:在经典建筑中 , 基地和玉米之间的平原部分 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	上帝是一个机械 , 这是他的工作现金 , 还有一个小房间内有一个小型的地方 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	长一次接受消息 , 不仅是逃避 , 而穿着适合的衣服 , 准备修复他们的父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他捕捉了数百万人住在哪里的山羊 , 三亿人预计在2050年住在哪里 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	美国中西部的一些国家已经宣布了由于雨伞和托尼多州的紧急状态 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	戈斯ip:注意到纳特·阿尔贝尔学习你不知道这是很好的事情 , 找到其他人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论ldocaine与dexametamethaone相结合 , 可以防止由dctaxol引起的phlebiti 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两个人醒来 , 突然看到了春花 , 用来搜索生物 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她变成了非森林 , 沉默的月亮 , 投射在地面的地面 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 区别的客人 , 女人 , 女人 , 所有的员工都在明华 , 好午 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	由于人类对人类影响的影响 , 通常的林林林很难看到拉希海地区 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 在野生中 , 烧伤的动物都与黄金部长和其他人相关 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	拱形学家们确认 , 园林被放弃了一座真空的建筑 , 为提高水的规定 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	这篇文章将是21世纪的萨拉杰夫 , 试图在能源资源的重要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	尤里亚的死亡预期已被修改了一项更多的国际辩论 , 是萨马里的法律 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期污染锂的原理、制造和应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	由于悲剧和死亡 , 莱克有许多城镇 , 为高潮犯罪执行 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果膜过滤避免传媒介介介介质的干扰 , 用异丙烯酸酯作为解决方案 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	1893岁 , 他在27岁的时候 , 他报道了他为照片的方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 这些诗歌的意义很明显 , 读者可能会从她的经历中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	为了防止4 , 00000个工业负担 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	事实上 , 大气速度和压力在传统方向和循环方向中变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在教室培训和评估 , 每个学生都会赚0.2个小时 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了一种精确的dft研究方法 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把鸡蛋放在炉子上 , 蛋糕的沙子是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 在广东核电站18个月的燃料循环中获得了大规模的边缘 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室测试中 , 他们发现一个叫做blec被称为 " 艾滋病毒 " 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	四百个im不仅需要强度和速度 , 而且还需要巨大的耐力 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	帕迪说: " 当声明确了他的数字印刷到公共文件时 , " 他们不能回来 。
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是班级球员 , 他很不同 。 我不能找到他看起来像他一样玩耍 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员表示 , 他们的发现也可以适用于那些声称他们依赖早上喝茶 , 以获得他们的脑袋 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看没有人会来来 , 给你食物或水 , " 上帝将为我提供给我 " 唯一答案 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度不会增加你的抑郁 , 但获得重量 , 你需要适合您的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	在互联网之后 , 他开始从空间里摆脱二点 , 赚到忠实的跟随 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	ahmui还说 , 另一天她只是想说她对整个事情的想法 , 没有任何意见 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用正确的axilla对肝癌h222的疫苗进行移植肿瘤模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我得到了敏感的传递 , 所以我可以在家之后把它放到家里 , 他们不能忽视它 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	文中 , 我们决定和比较了人工、lium、kull和rib的强度限制 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	韩国的物种已被建立为zabrak , 使他成为死亡的大马 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛使用 , hlv综合电路的设计已经越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝型电力设备:主要设备固定为生产电力厂、家庭和鞋子的设备 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	这位21岁的丹麦国际人被视为欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	这位35岁的女性在诊断中被视为17 , 408个人 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	中场的部门已经证实了 , 他将留在一个老板转移 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	面对生物 , 凤凰 , 他们可以立刻携带重载 , 他们的泪水有健康的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样的情况下 , 组织可以使用一个简单的进展检查员来执行机制和机制的运行控制 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	在英格兰和菲伯格拉斯的英格兰手工 , 奥瓦斯的内部措施只超过6英尺 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是知识驱动经济时代知识资本的一般名字 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家墨尔本哲学有许多理由来庆祝庆祝 , 它与观众共享了庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 应该罗克已经结束了 , 国家的第二台电信运营商比埃塞拉特 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前瞻性膜只释放新鲜的水进入海洋 , 不允许盐水污染袋 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们将欢迎越来越多的帮助我们的城市委员会 , 这是为什么我们追求了kirkkby的原因 。
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你已经有限的工资预算和最大五周 , 但是你想要7k 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液保险:现在有机会来自英雄攻击 , 血管 , 或威尔文 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	提出了一种非静态过程线性结合的第一个交叉可靠性计算的有效数值方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	随着营销渠道 , 项目应采用授权代理模型来改善效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民恐惧 , 跨坡可以造成低质量的混合植物 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员了解不同形状和尺寸不同频率不同频率的特征 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨腹腔内皮瓣内皮瓣膜内皮瓣膜内皮瓣膜内皮瓣膜内膜内膜瓣膜的疗效 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	工具适合一个进步的throtle行动 , 它允许低速开关 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	pd控制采用位置算法 , 限制了控制量和集成量的限制 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	研制了一种具有良好的有机化合物分离和强有机有机化合物 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	商品苏州公园酒店和建议是您在苏州的会议或社交场所的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	在操作微镜下 , 观察了异常通信功能的原子特征 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	扫描器切割一朵花 , 想使用鲨鱼刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早晨还是可建议 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在法官、党和其他人参加的方式中 , 要求正等辩论和对话 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记花圣诞节 , 看电影 , 或假日的假期读一本1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	特里的lundren是macy的首席执行官 , 公司拥有macy的和布鲁斯达尔部门 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 无论如同类、会议、会议、会议或会议的事情都会发生什么令人惊讶 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们一般信任我们自己管理自己的能力 , 但我们不信任其他人管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南部外交部长菲姆·布内赫称 , 周一结束 , 生产力 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	邀请你听到麻烦...跟随下的节奏...我们的头发共同神经...
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷染色体缺陷染色体缺陷染色体沉积的关键 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配消除器的信号 , 那么将导致分配到无限元的结果 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨kttp激光患者的复制作用 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	你有一个单一的消息引擎 , 当你添加si业务的成员时 , 就会自动创建 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	一个平板表面将阻止风流 , 同时也会创建死水区 , 在它方方形之前 , 就会带来严重的水流 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国仍然是2008年全国各地寻求者的主要国家 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何响应文本文本文档都可以有丰富的或平板文本字段适用于电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	穆里亚教育教育 , 高收入人口相比在旧金山和橙县的社区 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	通道是一个非投票人 , 但甚至fda建议板 , 还不会被机构审查 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在市场条件下 , 已经形成了10年的因素和经验 , 可以更多的公司加入 , 将建立行业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克逊说: " 你需要一切切削减机构来使系统变化 , " 伯克逊协调预算辩论的伯克逊说 。
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者们学习过前的检查 , 郭龙已经订了两个 " 五个 " 的建筑 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是笔者的作者:指导 , 查德勒·布尔的2003年书的皇帝 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、计划、设计和交付服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供高质量的时尚产品的客户提供良好的工作 , 每一件事都是用来一款qadir 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr常见的工作模式 , 在gpr记录中有大量的水平相关噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 科学的28岁的大脑是怎样产生的28岁的心 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样的蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 很喜欢它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	萨吉特亚人是积极的人 , 他们在生活上有着明亮的景象 , 是企业 , 充满能源和幸福 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	一般来说 , 废物并没有或展示感染的内在危险 , 除了很具特殊情况 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	不过 , 没有什么事情发生 。 相反 , 这种阿拉帕格奥斯进化了一个未经预期和谐的成功 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:观察动物病理模式的血液和血流学的内容 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有的jscsss气体都被政府机构分析了它们的价值 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这个步骤是引起过去几十年来最强烈的化学研究 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个比赛都给了一条巾 , 坐在身边 , 然而只有在他们完全被打破 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	它提供了一个单一和完整的客户、合作伙伴、产品和经营数据仓库或联邦 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	公司可能有时记录卖掉损失的损失 , 以迫使它的风险变成破产 , 然后消除市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常使用git时 , 可以假设您的存储库是位于内核的小位置 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力 , 电话 , 保险和电缆账户自动地从我们账户到 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图把独特的治疗 , 限制了西方电源的特权 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我焦点着一杯烧玻璃 , 甚至在冬天里 , 我可以轻松的火 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应当采取适当的政策来确保这些西方企业的领导状况 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果上帝看到我们的眼睛 , 那么我们也应该从耶稣看自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但是 , 对于一个广泛的方式 , 差异意味着颜色和姿势和多样性现象统一和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性工业和非创造性的袋子密切经济 , 它的非风险的袋子不足于产业的发展 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本文总结了今年我国luu的研究特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	校园的第一条规则是保持清洁的营地 , 你不能留下任何东西 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	这使得它可能达到石油沉积 , 它们不能达到一个城市或湖泊的垂直似乎 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	据报道 , 网络外部性是imcl的重要影响因素之一 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全是由于新恐怖主义威胁的 , 街道被关闭 。 警察线 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我觉得这是很好的 , 看到政治上的动态女人 , " 好的okookamoto说 , 34个解释员 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	法国工业将在2012年开始安装其左边的机场机场设施 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体将 " 北山文化 " 成为一个新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因为很高的美国利率往往会导致美元受欢迎 , 他们可能会让大型贸易赤字更大 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	电视、电视等现代设备广泛应用于电子电子管、电视和许多现代设备 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在塞尔尼河镇 , 生活的过程完全是对藏溪的温度流动的主题 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	在六月份 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪手在奢侈内部酒店上发布了死亡的攻击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果对象确实是飞行员 , 恢复它可能是值数百万美元的价值 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动性与其电荷和平均尺寸的平均尺寸相关 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	采用hplc分析了我国近年来 , 介绍了我国电离纯尿病植物的含量 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	托马斯先生正在做一个长远的距离 , 请等几分钟 。 你会喜欢一些咖啡或茶 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两到三个创始人说 , 每个人都拥有xco的新公司 , 并将所有的ip与新科相关的ipad相关 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过欣赏和分析一些组成 , 我们可以合理地在中国现代油画的现代现代化情况下进行 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	普通的莱克勒克尔克称他们的追踪者 , 说: " 法国 , 戴着别人的统一吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	研究激光识别特性的影响 , 采用光学检测方法对b/kno3产生的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	实验结果表明 , 双方软和xenoft软件的高速反射是很好的 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 它只记录在太阳峰 , 地方是在保护下的乡村公园 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子的歌曲在孩子们的教育中发挥着重要的部分 , 不要替代其他形式的诗歌 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	看来是什么vivivivid图片 , 就像图片描绘 , 还有很多东西 , 或者要求人要熊和寻求 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预计 , 中东的不稳定性将会继续推进春季的价格 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另外一个因素提到:公司建立在后端的公司 , 以获得云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	基于交通统计的发展趋势 , 提出了 " 交通账户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅是学生 , 还是教师们受到王清大学的新闻感到激 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准程序和未来的机构 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	基于工程分散规则的损伤模型 , 建立了模拟机械的原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 脚 " 系统给你一些选择在哪里放置装饰对象 , 例如桌面和衣服 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的十字塔将包括五个混合的塔 , 然后从一条圆形的池塘里飞出 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可能会回到2006年的大厅 , 北京对中国非合作论坛的峰会被举行 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会和美国法官说话一个机会 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意液化细胞形成内部周围的周围周围环境的内部周围环境 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、淋巴细胞变形指数、纤维素和plt减少 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的核心linux用户可以利用云平台来达到世界最大的市场之一 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在衣服行业中应用 , 衣服mtm开发迅速 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据收集的个人数据将被严格的信心处理 , 并且只用来收到和其他通信 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个笔头都是独立匹配的两个帽子 , 液体管被放在笔子里 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从上述结果证明 , 生命可行的方法是预测mchmanpower的供应量的实用和效率 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何在这个自由的环境学习如何改善这个自由的课程 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛也宣布了中国人力资源的重组 , 中国人力资源总裁 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于其中小型微观化 , 格雷兹是一个由于卢什公园的城市 , 几乎是中产阶段 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	你感谢因为你在内部都有这些德国 , 你的身体想让德国出来 , 所以你nez 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这对于增加额外的信息来说 , 尤其是如果地图共享开发人员之间 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某种方式中插入您的网站 , 即使是在头图像或像中心颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另外一个现实是如果美国不能扩大出口 , 压力将增长其进口 , 相反 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全 , 不要触摸产品、测试电缆或其他工具在测试下应用 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	大多数巴菲特的智慧干扰从这项投资特性来说:当你不知道怎么做 , 不要做任何事情 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己受到伤害 , 白人带来了罗杰的药物问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	试验是不仅提高生产力 , 也是改善其工作的途径 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们肯定欢迎各种客户的需求 , 保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一份报道称: " 托尼是很好的和友好的 , " 医院的延伸是防止他的条件 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 在伦敦 , 只有数十名武装运动 , 但在1990年代 , 有超过数百次 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们也显示了我在世界战争结束的一幅图片 , 是一张阿尔雅图片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在今天晚上训练的志愿者 , 没有睡觉 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国朋友们有特别关注他们的努力 , 以阻止gng暴力和困难的青少年工作 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布您的web内容并保持您的原始源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	在伊拉克、卡特里纳和华尔街崩溃的战争是重新开始的三名钉子 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	那个女人在第一次采访时得到了一个直接笑容 , 但是在第一次听到的时候 , 热情在第一次听到 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	重新从那个衍生物的底部 , 可以看到光 , 仍然是好的状态 , 是这样的救济 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我的父亲是我的母亲离开我的姐妹 , 前面是正确的卫生 , 我的兄弟离开了 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	看起来很好 , 看我们共同做什么 , 知道我们是一个没有平等的故事的故事 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着自己的气氛 , 奥巴华把这座速度放在多州最大速度的山上 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容 , 可以实现国家规范 , 这是我们的请求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨已经组成了一个国际联盟政府 , 并声称新选举将在未来几个月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	战时记忆通常会出现圆形 , 所以70周年的雷达的ie可能似乎不明显 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	如果你上面三个人 , 那么祝贺你 , 你已经变成了一个行的女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	双雄 , 由于火烧毁你在一个不可避免的地方 , 就像可能增加水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	罗克fall , 一个微小的社区20英里 , 是中场的中场 , 是中场的一部分 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将再次是星期五 , 但这将是九点钟 , 所以我觉得这里会是很有趣的 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们不确定 " 普通木粒 " 完成 , 但这是纯粹的主观性 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反应是否可以应用到过去事件和行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢慢地想到你的注意力 , 你就会同意在浏览网络时会对电子邮件进行回答 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数抗议者都说是在资本上 , mbane , 而且不能得到曼泽 , 一个45分钟的驱动 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上在剧院 , 这个球迷们告诉了一个水电坝的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢在低键情况下使用这个策略 , 比如gocery商店、咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	下面一个小山告诉记者 , 他每天早上5点 , 第一件事是帮助母亲理解 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 在内部国家拥有强大的存在 , 工作肩膀与当地卫生官员进行工作 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	阿德:这部电影在帽子里 , 甚至显示了我们的立法人在电视上战斗 。 谢 !
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	这些cnv删除的数量有广泛的变化 , 有些人在基因中拥有几百万人 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	" 我在这个城市找到爱情 ! " 租金说 。
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	电力拓扑相信开放性是资源集成者最重要的质量 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	在粉末形式中 , 应该存储在冰箱中 , 保护反对灯光的保护 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	采用风吹煤设备和煤颗粒筛选设备 , 提供了半层燃烧器 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fscanf和flose函数也返回错误的错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳态光学成像部分 , 一个稳态视觉处理部分和电机驱动部件 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流体分析在指导代谢工程中的遗传管理起着重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 需要的类似需要 , 模拟一个消防器 , 在过去的计算中被吸引 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	在这个数据库中显示一个列表列表的列表 , 显示了一个独特的单独指数的列表 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地球物理学家都知道 , 定义差异方法是地球物理学中的广泛应用 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约新闻报道 , 公司的利润导致股市早期收益 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定国有股票主权的工作计划 , 建立国有股票的代表人 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:在刺激70h患者后 , 组织猪成功从淋巴细胞上克隆 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种跟踪修复的减少床 , 然后一段可疲倦的部分 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	其他全身的皮肤皮革 , 没有头发 , 单位表面区域不超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一个俄罗纳路河 , 我们等着彼得 。 q3721 。 两方的合作 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈学院提供特殊的第一次推广 , 允许新生在10美元下采取课程 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评价皮肤移植的感觉恢复 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前 , 矿业企业的有效税收率低于1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数的社会昆虫中 , 如废物、蜂蜜和蚂蚁 , 女性规则 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	采用模拟和实验 , 对低电压系统短路故障的特点进行了研究 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	在插入表之后 , 数据库返回了行列id列的值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义都有自己独特的创意思和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	通过对夏季提到的方法 , 提出了降低能量评估的结论 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论无耐药性在r.flavictus检测不良反应 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	这位年龄的女人开始了一个关键问题 , " 他做这批制造商做了很多 , 伟大的 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆的 " 智慧 " :绅士...让我介绍你来我的朋友:最优先 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	元兴北部位于太阳山顶部 , 是一座温度的大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在例外的环境状况下 , 只有可以允许客户重用或修改相关的指令秩序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常的环境 , 以及宏观之间的宏观 , 一个非常薄的组织保护 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	专业设计师为您创造各种设计方式 , 经验在建筑团队的经验 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 当你在飞行上创建函数时 , 没有变量参考 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人们 , 老朋友和相对自由搜索工具 , 包括411个白色的 " 页 " 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这种设计 , 双臂风格的变化 , 就像轻松的传统一样 , 在法国很短 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	如果你在本周的100磅 , 例如 , 那么下周你应该试着做105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	好的 , 宇宙的概念是古人之间的广泛广泛广泛的广泛传播 , 你可能熟悉 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	正常铅锌生产的分离过程可以离开 , 产品具有高产率和质量的质量 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论甲状腺癌ctct诊断的关键是定位肿瘤的肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有人类的描述都在处理和修改下 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法来解决非线性测量函数的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	印度是印度建设的巨大的煤电厂 , 是最主要气候污染物的公司 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你已经覆盖在所有的诱导下 , 看梅勒的方法来诱导我最后提到它很简单 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农民计划了种子 , 他从市场上买出来 , 秋天也没有收到 , 因为种子是面临的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	本公司的总体收益率为36.3% , 从今年的季度增长到34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	在186例肝移植患者接受腹腔镜 , 4例发育的肺炎被属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	achenbach说: " 作为一个父母意味着成熟的手段足以帮助孩子适应失望 。 "
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外部事件从贷款通信过程的监控模式发送这个代谢值 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天比日本规则的日本规则 , 它的坚持意味着越来越严重的差异 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的记忆仪式是不同于周中和卢在圣诞时期的 , 地方提供、提供等 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至是信息烟草吸烟可能是不仅是吸烟者 , 而且是非吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结高校医学教授在胸部切除术中的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	没有检测的材料 , 可以用于阻抗特殊雷达吸收器的使用 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了用于太阳能热单元的铝合金的电泳涂料过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效应和其他温暖饮料 , 如茶或coa , 可以使你的精神升高 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨血管病理和二次异常异常j波的临床和电图特点 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	文章摘要:探讨微生物的萌发特点 , 用来解决它们的热种子 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多层垂直切割机的应用范围和结构 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆形容器具有广泛的口径 , 便于容易填充和方便访问内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	近年来的气候变化是分泌研究中最重要的方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	它是公安机构的广泛应用范围 , 是公共安全机构的广泛广泛的问题 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国终止了一座远西北地区的定量块 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这个问题 , 我们已经通过单个hscsss实现了一系列组织重组研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	随着眼睛健康公司 , 巴斯&lomb指出 , 为消费者提供完善的视觉和提高生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助医疗企业解决问题 , 人类健康的追求是我们的忠诚理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街头keleton线和构建keleton线的新方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	另一端是苏明 , 来自北京大学农民和研究的家庭 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大公司已经开始雇用西方人员 , 在最好的美国和欧洲设施的经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到我们自己的体验中世界的真理 , 以确定佛教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为了实现控制算法 , 本文使用plc , 设计了pd控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	几天的破产被宣布为宗教假期 , 开始于17日 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以把自己的想法或评论在我们的网站上 , 天文学 , 或者你可以发送信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个人在彼此增长更舒适 , 你将会看到更多的头带 , 因此更多暴露的脖子 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	其他的环节都享受了一个记录 , 因为投票人抛弃了传统的礼物 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论氧化碳的复合治疗是高尿率和低畸形率 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一个球员 , 丹麦教练教练的教练卡尔被纳入了一位熟悉的球员 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼被加载 , 但它们也包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个祖国的骄傲 , 或者对我来说 , 还是对我来说 , 还没有什么影响 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了使用xslt任务示的一个示例 , 在清单1中产生的检查方式报告 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	一个中央新泽西的社区 , 一个新的布鲁斯威克郊区 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	这种方法可以通过单一评价方法进行限制 , 满足精确评价效果的需求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升 , 温暖的空气形成了显著的云 , 两个卫星和模式图像 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	一个游戏区别于一个瓶子里 , 它是一个特殊化的小型复制 , 可以帮助您执行焦点的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	附近的muttrah有一个充满魅力的中部风格的中部风格 , 现在主要使用了ruiselisners 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持这个 , 命令vmdelogr.sh的三个选项是vdm的主要应用 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券是标志的 , 但这个新加坡仍然允许证券在历史成本上运行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想让国家公共服务员的财产透明我们应该建立和消费系统 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbbs论坛作为他们的工具获得消息和通信 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子都在很好的东西 , 她的夜晚都在参与她的声音灰色 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你在葬前面的时候 , 骑士们就像在刹车上骑着一样 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	bronxzo是不可思议的 , 很好的 , 很好的地方 , 用那么多的看法 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是 , 为什么想让跨技术混合的ui组件无法 ? 路透解了一些使用cascas的一些用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在这个背景下 , 基于jw1h医院信息系统 , 我们设计了军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	两者都强化了发展中国家的能力 , 以管理他们的森林信息基地 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小尺寸化学运行并从美国铜矿分泌出污染 , 证明了灾难 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	星期四 , 其他41名患者在飞机am098上海抵达上海墨西哥 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果要求tc的准确度是否要求tc的内部区域效应应应必须被取成帐户 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一种重型的工艺 , 高建造煤炭氧化涂料 , 用于合金服务的保护和混凝土 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	" 民法制度 " 在民法制度中 , 从自由资本主义到垄断资本主义 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	这些位置或类型的用户都需要登录 , 找到不会破坏或错误的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	检查指数已被检测 , 例如肝重、tg、tdlc、ldlc等 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	张先生说: " 这表明我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已经达到世界标准 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	耶稣问他们: " 哪怕是有法律的:做好或做邪恶 , 拯救生命或杀死 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一个19岁的一位名叫马湘家的身体被发现在4:30岁的门诊前 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你也可能会回忆到媒体被称为 " 附近的马戈先生 " 和 " 困难 " 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但是 , 他在爱丁堡大学毕业后 , 他的自然历史比医学历史更有兴趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	问 。 我的年轻人参与到这么多活动:学校 , 婴儿坐在教堂 , 体育 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	这里有人说的是什么 , 这就离开了另一个维度的选举 , 这可能是字符或是什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	洛斯说 , 这些发现显示了我们的理解重量、体脂肪和疾病之间的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户保持他们的网站朋友的列表 , 并看其他人添加了朋友 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家谈论工资平等 , 但我父亲对他的公司做出了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 还有如中国三寸金洛杉矶和西部的美丽时尚 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果在意大利销售iphone 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华说: " 这个概念是阻止你的裤子 , 你不能从家里或你错过的东西 。
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维多·弗里克的基本预言 , 是管理其他人民的钱 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的混合试验中 , 得到直接平面技术能够满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	两个客房间有1500w分离的墙类型空调 , 可以调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个捕捉图像来绘制眼睛和覆盖线 , 通过给出一个令人惊讶的想法 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 ; 请不要期待完美的时候 , 画一张照片或扔球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	过去五年来 , 慢性发现 , 他们的媒体增加 , 调整通胀率为19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法对2780个细胞的血液酶活性进行改性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做许多选择 , 但是如果你想要做什么 , 咨询ocap风险项目网页 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一个新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我将最好的合作和这个团队很快合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	艾莉·迪金森与她的姐拉文尼亚住在一个叫做家庭的家庭 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我站在整个夜间 , 醒一台硬板来保持蚊子 , 就像一个卫生 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始思考这些问题的时候 , 你正在做什么事情 , 他们甚至让它更稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而在实践中 , 我们看到政府官员属于最为刑事和 " 法律 " 的专业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书 。 我们从时间里出来了 ! 你必须给予奖励设备 , 从城里提取了它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们建立在一系列港口 , 每个独特的目标 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇到了她未来的丈夫 , 是中国的主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了移动的目标外 , 它需要男人 , 除了没有目标的外 , 还需要在前面进行功能 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这实际上我想从希腊词中产生了希腊词 , " 同行 , " 同事 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的效应是城市收入的进一步 , 因为这类税收的财产价值仍然持续崩溃 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在 , m1也许是摩托马普最好的自行车 , 所以他们看起来不需要我 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的喜悦 , 他带来了我的生活 , 因为每个梦想 , 因为我在他找到的所有爱 , 我永远会感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑色的工作经验丰富多年 , 合作和设计特殊和完美的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑大机械远程测试的相同特点 , 该系统可以在其他大型机理测试过程中应用 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最受欢迎的收入应用程序之一是28 , 000种来自gourmet和bonetet 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	随着世界的增长越来越慢 , 它从一年前的26个国家的26个国家 , 报道了4月份的数据 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统主义者对 " 价值 " 和 " 示威化 " 的手段进行处理 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	你的细胞使转移rna , 如果他们在这里做转移rna分子 , 他们只在另一端放松 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水饱和缺陷、自由水、边界水和细胞盐浓度都与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要攻击 , 一个在拉霍和其他地方 , 杀死了100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	看起来没有明显的法律 , 花色和总黄酮含量之间没有明显的法律 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	1996年的格兰风格 , 年度报道由纺织咖啡分离纸制成 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家 , 我很容易穿着沙子 , 穿着我的心 , " 波普斯 , " 唱歌 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 我今晚不会喝酒 , 因为我是设计的司机 , 只是给我的葡萄酒给了设计的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 提出了一种对聚硅烷的研究难题 , 并提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	介绍了 " 自定制301船 " 的全尺测试结果 , 或没有流体罐和海洋 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 还有其他火山地点 , 例如mtna和火山 , 这可能适合研究人员模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	保罗立即派出最好的萨普郡、橡胶和钻石的订单 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会与压力下降 , 让自己的一些娱乐活动如电影和舞蹈 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在朋友的环境中 , 工作选择是最喜欢把他们的声音从政府中提到的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两个国家的领导人已经达到了共同发展和加速咨询的一般方向 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是阿森·罗布伦和乔布·科尔的坏消息 , 我想看他们如何在团队获得正常的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在家庭住宅设施安全 , 水 , 享受舒适的纯水 , 下午4点钟 , 因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 姚明的文本研究在理想世界上追求理想世界的纯度研究 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除污染 , 或制造两个规划和不完成的时候 , 通过消除失败的单个点 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能会持续恢复 , 因为左臂仍然固定在左脚腕的时候仍然固定 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨高氧诱导慢性肺疾病的表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册表重新操作的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	为此合同的任何建议 , 应该被购买者和卖方签署的任何建议 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	高速计算中心为学生和教育提供了高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	在获得许可科学的程度之后 , 我进入了我们1960年10月的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	gpo的目录是美国政府公开发布的一个可搜索的数据库 , 链接到这些可用的网络 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	2006年至2010年间 , 美国pto并没有提供一个专利来向中国的五家公司提供了五家公司的单位 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	虽然反对制造方向 , 但赵伟也强调性能的工作 , 但没有意思 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈利克和罗宾斯应该强调私人水果的关键主义 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是关注的最大关注和运动的重要影响 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由于它的大小 , 病毒使用过度的阅读框架来生成蛋白的完整补充 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二个维度是 , 你需要更多的财政刺激---在这个国家可以强化它的国家 , 这是前面的 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁和膨胀你的脸 , 用柠檬汁洗净 , 还可以在黑头上跳舞柠檬汁 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:改善三阳和三金在女性疾病的类型中 , 探讨了三阳的综合分化 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	不在室内选择了一些可燃性和爆炸性物质 , 室内吸收燃烧的防火 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	扩展能力自动地定位所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 用于监控和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内外 , 我们的客户包括竹钢、手钢、姜钢等大型铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘密服务估计 , 美国每年都打印了1亿美元的反对美元 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	教师的专业知识 , 教师从两个方面产生了两个方面:历史和实践 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文采用自组织神经网络 , 应用于异步电机识别的参数 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立一种hplc方法 , 为复合氧化合物和ketotennasray的同时评价方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防御建立的可能 , 中国已经破坏了f17的秘诀 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	据最近一项调查 , 大约78.9%的学生想进一步进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	人们的邪恶经常被描述为人类邪恶的悲伤 , 正是对蒙塔罗的严厉行为 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	采用光敏聚合物 , 实现高温比 , 采用光敏聚合物 , 得到了高温比例 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的金融状况特别糟糕 , 半人说他们有很多学生的债务 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	在他的座位系列中 , 查尔利的天使 , 爱船 , 永远山90210和梅罗斯 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	艾滋病毒/艾滋病毒联合项目已经建立了一个委员会 , 研究亚洲和太平洋发展的影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	正如罗森布莱特笔记 , 黑写的批评经常被当作黑历史上暴露的文本 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	你应该提醒你将会被分散到任何关于这次会议的任何相关事件 , 除非你正确的信息 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的塑料工程师 , 托马斯·塞克尔 , 这个星期第一人在飞机上飞行了1分钟30秒 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	在我的影子知识中 , 缺乏实践经验 , 希望读者批评的文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	这时 , 对于我来说 , 地球的心是这个无眠的春夜 , 希望这早晨在特别的冥想 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 移民不应该被那么严厉处理 , " 一位死亡的父母说 , " 这是我们的预测 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了从学校的目录中获得动画的特点 , 并有一个手段展示动画学院的手段 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰的第三个途径或中途 , 可以从火基上分开火焰 , 分开火焰 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	夜间 , 安静在西边 , 把地球的子子或是有多少阴影在边缘的想象中 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她把她的银牌放在她的右边 , 因为马的第一件事情是从危险中逃脱 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于二次记录的发生发生 , 转换壳壳壳板可以产生比较完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx之间的数据源记录和数据源的字段数据成员之间移动数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	通过肥化稻米产量稳定、高 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 每个邮件都有一个新的查询been , 然后看看在网里几乎没有蜜蜂的数字 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开营 , 就要重建道路 , 还是一个布鲁诺德桥 , 吉尔伯特等他回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	结果表明 , 采用多样性热处理是相关旋转位置的新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷和吸引性颜色可以增加药品的包装 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自从那以来 , 父亲已经被他们的家庭从六月第三日开始认识到 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么我们怎么做 , 很多人把自己放在一天微波的饭后吗 ? 因为这是方便的 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是用一个简单的包装结构 , 许多通道可以交换json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	驾驶员和紧急车辆的驱动员 , 不能阻止他们的邮件 , 死于救援和帮助 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	凯文昨晚与澳大利亚的选民做了一张照片 , 让他们走向前进 , 忘记了一个新的未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了黄铁的反应机理及反应产品利用现状 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看到真正密切 , 我们的野花就像我们在花园里培养的东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这本著名的绘画是在澳大利亚发现的2008年被发现的数千名被发现在澳大利亚文档岩石艺术 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生活时间短...永久有权享受生活 , 享受美好的东西 , 包括这小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	有效的支付汤红酒 , 红葡萄酒 , 正式的网站 , 酒 , 用效果吗 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 抑郁鸭的年龄和饮食cp水平显著影响了cpreretati比率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城市的新收集也显示许多民间文件 , 但也有实际的事情 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音频、光、音乐和技术展览每年都是五月举行的 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 在电影增长过程中 , 可以降低帕尼电影的dp水平 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与控制组相比 , 心动动动脉和颈动脉的异常区域显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	本文总结了vsam文件的结构、数据空间、数据空间、数据保护以及vsam的功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法对358例稳定性视网膜病人进行治疗10到308例nm激光治疗 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	相关的建议在最后一部分引起了两代农民工 " 公民化的相关建议 " 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些喜欢的机构服务享受短距、低成本、管理或监督的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	作者随后评价了三峡储层地区的物理和机械性能 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署的机器 , 那么应该配置最小磁盘或ram需求 , 那么它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法分为不同群体的患者 , 然后所有患者都在肾色素dpler能量成像检查 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃在没有情绪到linknkai微笑 , 总是用刘建的风景来吸引醉酒 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 在妊娠期间进行有效的抗抑郁药物 , 包括60%或更多的风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果在动物研究中 , 肺动物可以抑制静脉癌、巴克里斯和巴克里斯·奥斯 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当建筑物时 , 他们通常是很贫困的 , 或不幸存雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转变点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示出不控制的移民弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	还提出了一种基于cpld控制器 , 两个amplude的共振dclink逆变器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一个刑事抱怨摩洛西亚在她的银行员工时 , 由于银行雇员的时候 , 一位犯罪赔偿摩罗西亚 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他民事服务员应当每年参与正常参与 , 不超过12天的职业培训 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化活性炭脱硫装置 , 用于净化污水泵站净化气体 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonams地理数据库可以在创意的共享许可下载自由电荷免费 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米托莱也被称为黄金买的历史 , 与其开始和意义相关的几个不同传奇相关 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种低电压显示器的粒子游泳优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这并不好 。 " 最后 , 瓦斯告诉我我我 , 我受到了ptsd的伤害 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺院里 , 他发现男人销售猫、羊以及其他人坐在桌子交换金钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	vbelt等效系数表明 , vbelt的轴承能力比平板带的轴承能力高 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子通常在同一夜间都有夜恐怖 , 通常有时在睡眠的第一小时 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算每年生活的增加成本 , 计算了各种敏捷的个人和高风险的个人 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	另外还可以使用gui的管理工具 , 以修改包装箱的基于特定环境的容器 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可是一种保护草药 , 许可证的指标正在推出phgm和逮捕咳嗽 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo咨询过程外包服务提供了部分或整体化的各种服务来在招聘期间使用客户 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去的五十年或一百年 , 转移民族主义是文学知识的常见现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	采用催化剂 , 合成了黄油醛和甘油醇 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文对自动接口、时间接口自动、资源界面和游戏的思想进行调查 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	如9/11恐怖主义攻击的悲剧事件 , 同时也会变成孩子的记忆 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 半学习的启动是多维学术和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏人会在实现对象和教学任务中发挥重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这将是由自由民主党引入的多年改革 , 以恢复日本长久的经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	1994年进口液氮卡车已应用于石油生产 , 获得良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我的陌生添加特征 , 如婴儿、收集死亡事物 , 完全保持婴儿的婴儿 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯·沃布尔顿说 , 成员们在开发可持续食品生产的领导作用 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	路透再次拯救了埃瓦桑 , 通过周围医生和他的巨大的形式和下降 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在让我们也检索了我们的网格工作的什么部分是我们自己的 , 只有能量和重复洞 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于某些人曾经坚持烹饪和苏达 , 路到整个粒子 , 偶尔的蔬菜生活开始 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了 " 接口效应 " 和多晶体在vgfa晶体生长过程中的发生 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保持他们的电话号码 , 包括区域代码 , 当他们从国家移动时 , 所以他们很难知道他们的地方 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法选择11例加速阶段的病例 , 采用血液动态监测方法 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本论文的目的是在本地区的一些有助研究模式 , 尽管在本文建立的研究模式仍然不足 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	业务首先 , 就像国王里德说 , 当他站在塔里的另一王时 , 他吸烟了婴儿 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	由于其特殊的procroenser领域广泛使用的硅和其制备技术 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来如果安全设备在这场活动中 , 没有任何事情会保护他们在利物浦的伤害 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像是来自墨西哥的 , 纳萨发现 , 导致内部的第一个轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我的前老师告诉我 , 作为英语教师 , 我应该读大巴巴拉 , 一个主要的球员之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘的作品显示 , 刘的作品显示了一个现代化中国人民的现代化现代化 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三个财政 , 他把自己的路回到天堂 , 他决定检查他的办法 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸奶酪 , 嘴唇 , 胸部 , 腿 , 腿部 , 感觉他们的伴侣在背部、大腿或胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	采用区域气候模型 , 研究了我国航空区的地区气候变化和土地覆盖变化 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	通过slenopro蛋白的生物功能 , 其中 , 敏感蛋白p是10个细胞蛋白蛋白的特殊表现 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , 氯-3和ccl4的浓度比来源水域水量更高 , 尤其是为ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	另外 , 应该有许多大爆炸场景 , 可以提供行动和破坏 , 因此它可能是很有趣的 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在达到山顶 , 将落下来 , 汽车的右边都面临着一个不可信的飞机 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想成为我的雇员 , " 解释马里·艾伦亚 , 希拉伯格的超级人 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	可预订相关或非相关设施 , 如指定位置、观察器座位、摄像机位等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	由科学通讯员世界范围广泛应用 , 涉及科学进步的决策 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦领导了72%的人们报道 , 美国在1月12日出现 , 美国人出现了59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨这些考虑和讨论空气冷却系统如何帮助您的mig或tig焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	其中有一些差异 , 目的化是超越性的 , 但他们的英语和发展文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖励在1963年开始了视觉效应阶段 , 虽然它被称为 " 特殊效应 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入密封丰富的 " 马克 " 机器在全球搜索最终武器的搜索中 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸 , 看起来似他等着电话 , 然后把地址放到地址上 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	将重损害到9秒以上的目标 , 大大减少他们的arm 。 只有从侧或返回 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的malaria控制部门 , 与国际研究团队一直在监控这个干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部署 , 而且它的自我管理 , 自我保健能力最小减少人类干预需求 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pdport已经提交了计划在一家主要的英国零售商使用10200万美元进口中心的计划 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 潮湿小 , 无点 , 冷 , 蓝色神经caer , 舞蹈大角度 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地消息法使农民在大型公共领域购买未来的土地 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在答案中 , 您可以设置预定的数码 , 并在电话应该自动答案之后选择许多环 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	大约有2000名员工在世界范围内提供科技、系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	下次你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能把它从物理生命之前来到哪里 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析人士说 , 中国 , 在短期内 , 将会将其工业融入公司 , 与时战争和时间战争相结合 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果一个rac节点停止工作 , oracle就不会发现dtp服务 , 直到aaclerac清洁和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在通知过去 , 一个发展的国家往往被视为一个缺乏现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdgpet延迟图像在腹腔肿瘤诊断中的应用价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	本文分析了夏季大量污染的特点 , 并提出了相应的管理措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:采用相结合药物酸和柏林水氯化法测定复合物的方法 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	李永以四川人民的国会为代表四川人民的国会 , 由于英国的嫌疑 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	下面的话 , 从政治顾问的前提下来 , 称为政府放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	原因是为什么白色学校遭受了相关工作应力的影响 , 是他们追求工作成就 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后所有这个地震都发生了 , 我想 , 是卡马 ? 当你不错的事情发生在你 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当收集性知识的时候 , 这个集合性知识使软件模式和分类为反ipattern 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文总结了近年来磁聚合物微球的成就和应用 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象的粉尘点向热蓝星 , 是他们的冷却效应的智能信号 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但是很旧的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf是实现的 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.ox地址 , 那么接收者的电话号必须包含在实验室 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要的研究 , 为了让我们最终决定我们真正需要多长时间继续反复治疗 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论是什么原因 , 我觉得他是一个低级的 " 中文人 " , 但他的公共历史相信这张图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉前平等的目标在全国体育团队的目标 , 这次他对英格兰进行分配 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿的父母是老儿回来很好的判断 , 让一个最老的儿子帮助安排工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能量中心位于人类神经系统的基础上 , 位于人类神经系统的主要分支 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	当决定一个特定的业务运动员的时候 , 你必须信任您的创意 , 指导你的团队 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	一个新的连接网站的初始版本 , 临床和翻译科学网络将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破坏是影响密集材料的湿度变形的重要因素 ; 研究必要 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了三维扫描仪的工作原理 , 并介绍了三维扫描器的系统校正原理 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织已向格兰贾斯卡罗尔农场发送检查 , 调查结果未被宣布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名权利有个人权的属性 , 涉及地位权利 , 财产权利和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文对其物理、化学、生物性、免疫化学检测方法进行了研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	一般的宏观地区描述了武器 " 作为我们在太平洋的胜利最强的贡献因素之一 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	但是 , 团队结论 , 这些异常被破坏后的冲击造成的时候 , 这些异常被破坏 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	与此同样 , 必要是贪婪 , 不要给许多葡萄酒 , 不要给大量的葡萄酒 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva179的两个尺寸混合物 , 并对解决系统稳定性进行了分析 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	精心汁为一种多效蒸发剂 , 除了二部分水形成一个集中的浓度 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	在1974年夏季 , 福建省古代的苏州湾被挖掘 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	要说 , 旅游是奢侈的 , 而不必要的是融合燃料生成的过度简化 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是在垂直位置 。 149.9 , 但我认为 , 我的测量可能是100米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文对农业研究机构内部会计控制的现状进行了分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃在日常环境中显示化学不符合生活事物的反应 , 因此它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	总合成的第一步 , 通过我们实现了七步的总合成 , 总产量超过14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果记录在大学的注册也在做课程 , 他或她可能会玩两个学生的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	本方法的迁移结果表明 , 这种方法在高成像准确度下 , 这种方法的迁移结果显示 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农业产品的独特供应 , 并通过多通道增加农民收入增加农民收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解外周结核菌培养、细菌类型和医药敏感性 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	分析了整体结构的主要因素 , 使整体结构简化 , 双重照明和视觉化 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其他必要油或合成剂的合成剂时 , 某些必要油的协同主义 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏的元素 , 可以改善后来 , 使它更容易跟随您 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	这个例子给出了图形化的 , 信心水平和统一的高斯人民统一的限制 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	石油矿的管道变形特征是在滚动区的应力和墙厚度的变形特征 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 没有私人部门历史的历史 , 还没有包括在历史书中 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	二十世纪是国民安全战略之一 , 是我国安全战略的一部分之一 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨粉的粒子尺寸和陶瓷量对密度和粒子尺寸的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种恒星菌的耐药率相似 , 耐药性均为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了稳定的技术、目标特征和检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频彩色多普勒超声在肺动脉中影响儿童的成像 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三条规则在数值控制复杂组件上进行了数值控制 , 以及模拟过程 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨加速器质量保证的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育学是教育环境中的一个研究模式或方法 , 是教育环境中的范围 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已经成为一个常见的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们不愿意与一个生长的性传播疾病或一些贫穷的礼物一样 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	利用基于p波粒子振动的协调转变 , 实现了不同深度的源组件 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热盘是数字化的 , 通常是灵活的 , 不要从电源来工作 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 张州 " 是《战争时期》 , 是道德主义的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他化合物或治疗浓度没有明显的吸引力或反复对女性成年的反应 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	显然 , 这个科学家称为照片公司 , 订购了 " 缺陷 " 电影的替代 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来的10天 , 我将在chq上做过时间 , 因为大量的客户订单 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他将要求国会增加援助 , 但在回到巴基斯坦 , 他希望保护安全 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期使用mmmmms , 我可能永远没有另外一个冷酷、布隆蒂、流感或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	也许 , 可能会有一些背景 , 当他们攻击古老的时候 , 但至少他们都会有大多数生活来估计这些信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse让您自动生成hhh代码和平等方法 , 所以你不需要做自己 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	建筑师决定用例可以通过现有应用程序或服务实现的情况来实现 , 并需要建立或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们应该再次认识到我们的语言上升在我所认识的 " 理解 " 之上 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	因为微流比运行过程更好 , 使用一个微流来实现您的程序实现 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 星球不会像其熟悉的角色一样 , 对于数百万年的典型的奥运会来说 , 这种角色不会被视为 " 特别适应 " 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月11日电------2009年12月11日发布 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	新研究称 , 红色猴子将是最受温暖的叶子变化的威胁 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	激励参与你的游戏的参与是选择在某些事情中 , 玩得完全享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有很好的时间 , 你应该问你怎样在采访的结束 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	美国零售主要的沃尔玛已经从2008年执行了 , 全世界各地的深层弗雷兹人都不会与led一起 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者指出 , 随机化、地方控制试验需要确定该观察的发现 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你不知道我做的不错 , 因为我读过同样的书 , 听到同样的故事 , 我从未见过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p球员几乎所有这些银行都做的事情 , 评估浏览者、知识和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售房屋的情况下 , 要求一个终止建立到另一个设备移动的人 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	茶在唐代的首先 , 由中国西南部的江流传播 , 数千年 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室的长日之后 , 你可能会在你新平台电视前面崩溃 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	在印度 , 8.6%的女孩在15岁和19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在网络上 , 这是10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事考试凯特的生命作为摄影师和访问者 , 以及是一位党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都可以让你微笑 , 很多人都能让你哭了 。 但是它会让你看到你的眼睛里的微笑 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海洋和狗手工迈克一样在采访中说: " 只要狗用手工 , 他是爱生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	还有他在迪尼 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑白短缺的弗兰克威尼 , 大约有一名男孩参加了他的死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一位专家认为 , 多年来 , 美国已经在技术下投资了 , 使汽车更加有效 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	人们担心失去他们的工作 , 让他们从饮料上减少 , 减少了几个风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	指着一个大型混凝土建筑在中央zlitan中心 , 这个人说: " 他们有一个密切的看法 。
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	如果u必须释放一个单一的t恤 , 就会使用frank , 那么u就会做一个尘埃电视吗 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	然而 , 当学生的困难比例时 , 他们的跑步下降时 , 与清华在23分钟 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速和准确预测了最小实验和成本的自我寿命的新方法 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	还要检查你的手机或pday , 你从来不会错过你在你的脚趾或追求的时候 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏珊娜说 , 在一月的 " 天然 " 是世界第五大源 。
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们想要4000个朋友来自希腊 , 主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	那些相信透明的价值 , 或者应该是正常的 , 可能是这种方法的困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	您可以使用这个技术 , 在输入数据中需要分离输入的输入组成两个或更小的阵列 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼斯工业平均平均上升178.08点 , 或1.53% , 836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	这是一个步骤 , 程序上来自大型模型 , 至少需要一些产品要求的想法 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	高质量的蒸馏面包 , 加入了大豆花或饮食纤维的性质 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	化学家janbaptiste杜马斯 , 法国农业部长 , 停止流行 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	莱斯科特说 , 世界最大的零售商的老板 , 是为了改善其供应链的巨大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	而以色列仍然继续在加沙准备一个可能的地面失败 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	游客走到海滩 , 他们去拉姆岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们坐着和饮酒啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	sif是一个急救者 , 呼吸一个幸福的心 , 保护自信和生产许多年轻的小组 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是理由的 , 没有疑问 , 但是有人必须认识到原因的惩罚 , 并把一只帽子放到他 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更加灰色的是在冷轧感觉之后 , 质量改善 , 就像新客户一样 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	使用图片 , 用精子空间电镜 , 科学家首先从密闭的星星和星系中删除了光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子们自己取得了自己的目标 , 她会学会在自己中获得骄傲的目标 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥斯岛是沙滩和海洋的重要性 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这种鸟类的其他名字是埃尔贝斯帝国鸽子 , 埃尔贝斯绿色的帝国鸽子和绿色帝国鸽子 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持它清洁 , 清洁 , 伪装 , 但确定关注特定客户的利益 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	大规模现象的经济理论 , 如股市流动或谷歌国家产品等大规模现象的主要部分 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活让自己从活动中断出来 , 压力你是很好的放松工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	在过去的情况下 , 我们已经看到的完全有弹性碰撞 , 我们失去了动力能 , 这是转化到热 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	同时 , 吉普斯可能在绿带购买一块土地 , 并没有知识管理系统的知识 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们称为 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它是基于拉丁语 , 古罗马帝国的语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 而且在民主零售额为12.9美元 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们一样不想被拍摄的品牌 , 是那些秘密的注意力 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于预防多频测染电流技术的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这个字段在设计台上创建一个匹配实验室 , 并自动绑定到节点的场景 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	血清、肌肉和肝胰腺炎的活动仍然持续稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	但是他是一名勇敢的战士 , 当他上升的时候 , 他的母亲正在设置 , 他的肩膀都被广泛 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔吉um发出了四个16个jets和150名军事人员帮助利比亚航空区 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	在他们的领域里 , 红鸟在其它季节上被执行 。 农民们在他们的领域 , 准备另一季 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	状态不能特定这样的活动 , 虽然不会受到整个流行 , 尽管周期尝试 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	时尚世界的一个品牌是微妙的 , 而它的服装和鞋子的设计也是巴塞罗那的 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但是 , 后来 , 执行一些类似的事情 , 当我一直尝试一个记忆 , 使我错误 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 关于文本的研究已经是一个为了支出的努力 , 因为我们希望它将是其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	本文关注了两个方面:必要和足够的条件 , 在e2中被关闭 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在电影里 , 他总是穿着一个面包的肌肉 , 有穷人的衣服 , 经常跟一只蜡烛走得很好 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国无法破坏了康复 , 而且在世界战后 , 数百万名越南人在一百万的战争中坐回来 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	结果 , 因此 , 可以获得两个平板连接器 , 每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准化衣服的时候 , 就像雷夫科茨先生这样的男人 , 最后的比例都会出错 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年的路由变化 , 每年 , 通过山 , 小镇和巴黎街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你已经在景观设计和城市设计实践 , 已经有15年了 , 你从未在你的职业中有任何挫折 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	雅拉山谷的一个优雅的卡纳纳尼尼 , 附近和新鲜的杏仁香味 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子们站在他打开口袋里 , 然后盖茨说: " 你没收到电子邮件吗 ?
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南部说 , 三个飞机在凤凰喷射中有相似的类似 , 并且在飞机再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话诉讼是最有效的基础工具 , 大多数社会运动机构使用一个或两个 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师已经知道 , 设计更小 , 轻型车是满足更强的经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听人们的参议员是25分左右的 , 但他想让我们保持在后面的伤痕 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里亚补充道: " 你知道他的脸 , 甚至十天后 , 呆在太阳里 , 他脸不变了 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过详细的数学推导 , 详细阐述了水平化的耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明她和她的丈夫在自己的房间中都是不可避免的状态 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	高度承诺非操作员或非修理人应该进入模具的安全保护铁路 , 以避免扫描 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 美国和日本相对成熟相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本研究在烟草类型上建立了烟草指数模型的准确性 , 87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用合金x观察血糖对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 文章利用eml教育模式对教育模型的学习内容和功能结构进行了抽象 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	详细介绍了地球化变量和变量图的基础 , 详细介绍了基于地理解释技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤联系 , 克罗顿油造成盲目和痛苦的皮肤灌溉 , 可以持续三周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了一种双代理板运行系统的稳定性和活性功率分布的离时间滑动控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	尽管更多的案例被特定的报告系统报告 , 问题集中在延迟报告案件上 , 所以需要完善...
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	超过500个救援机构在海地运营 , 空中充满了飞机发电供应的供应 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	作为一种理想传输介质 , 在短途通信网络中 , 聚合物光纤具有很大的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国联系了几个新的世界 , 实际上发现了一个很大的新地区 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	合金是最近崛起的一种新型飞机构材料 , 它是它的低模块 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 改进工具设置不提供 " 排放 " 和环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的反年中 , 他们被认为是这样的 , 而且在杰拉德的杰拉兹人之间发现的 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实际需求相比 , 双边商务合作享受巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验的预先 , 允许吸收、整合和精神化的经验 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	驾驶鱼 , 驾驶快速 , 壳子 , 海卷 , 壳壳子 , 壳子 , 干燥的海蛇 , 还有其他 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	随着预言烧烧伤的方法 , 讨论了烧伤对内蒙古流行的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷酸肥胖者在这样的国家使用时 , 产量增加 , 但在高成本的农民和环境中 , 产量增加 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 采用传统的方法 , 用沸腾的颗粒来比较amygdalos的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	只有 , 建立了建立建立复合材料的动态模型 , 解决了复合材料的结构动态问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督徒死亡于上海多媒体照片展示 , 展示了它的手袋 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , hm的国王abdlahii指出了一项战略 , 以使jordan一个区域信息技术丈夫 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定要让自己更多恶意 , 对于一个人来说 , 就像不会有难以置信的问题 , 而且可以乐观 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是immel艺术思想中的一个重要类别 , 也是美学制度的表达 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	正如你将爱上长海 , 确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦 , 并且不舒服使用卢比工作的原因 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会玩一个小ng和歌唱歌来赞扬春天的音乐 , 这个人将给每个家庭的图片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 如果你做的话 , 你不应该跟我那么接近 , 我就会是爸爸 ! 另外一个舞蹈 , 我的声音将永远失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的西班牙 , 黄帝的后裔正确骄傲了现有的冲突 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的颜色将适当于寺庙或城市广场 , 是一个年轻的、慢慢的男孩 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千个岛屿湖地区的景观指数显示了植物社区的地位 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更有机肥料不仅能改善土壤聚集结构和基本特性 , 而且对水和土耦合的影响也很明显 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这种独特的是 , 轻松地骑着公式叶子 , 柔软 , 轻松地管理新鲜 , 轻脆 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	普里托试图画他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的亲戚 , 都觉得他在外面 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮机的三维逆转设计方法 , 根据泵的流量参数和革命的方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	现在包含了一个高端的董事会 , 可能是bean先生的笑话 , 这些抗议的交易者正在感到骄傲 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新训练开始运行时 , 只有一半小时 , 这只是一小小小时 , 只要吃午饭 , 就会有一个nap !
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	溃疡化学技术建立了创新和我们成功的关键 , 继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , msc文化与正常的hdnf表达了低层文化时的bdnf 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	在所有的框架中 , 沙拉 , 塔格拉 , 蓝色的洛杉矶和杰米斯都是最甜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家在多个国家投资公司的外国投资公司 , 属于钢铁集团 , 澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernate硬件文档 , 这个属性很昂贵 , 应该在生产环境中转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	更新震惊了罗马的回忆群体 , 成为当前的诺贝利亚和民事发送的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:研究钛铸件表面反应层表面反应层的组成、微硬度和微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	代谢工具性能和兼容我们的数据总体化了我们的超离英国桌面代谢工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:对3501指数进行文献评价 , 总结了35个评价 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多个尺寸或替代的facece设计可以提供更多的选择 , 以获得良好的配置和密封 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本 , 城市员工发现的城市员工之间没有工作 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne并不存在现代英国 , 但在英格兰南海岸有一个小城镇 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同时 , 为了刺激经济 , 政府应该回溯低利息贷款 , 这是为了住房、汽车、大型货物 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	反复geronimo将正确错误 , 但是在数据库访问时再生的例外 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝克萨尔 , 打护士 , 声明: " 美国人知道没有什么事情 。 "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	通过对复制cobwebweb算法进行分析 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	根长、根系、茎高、茎基直径、上面生物量和下面生物量的根长度 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信相信 , 大多数fai在星期六发布的一封信 , 被称为 " 亲戚 " 的释放 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究显示 , 吸烟药物如zyban , 可用的描述 , 帮助许多人没有收到重量 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	鉴定了24个犹太国家的1个敏捷研究 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发决定土地供应的大小 , 以提高土地规则停止土地保护行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后采用燃烧热法分别不同晶体hffrl不同晶态变化的稳定性 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生咨询团队建设医学生的培训质量是医生培养素质的重要 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文提出了一种用于多输入多输入多输入细胞系统的功率平衡方法 , 并对berber性能进行了分析 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术提供了一种低级消息结构 , 它保持集群同步中所有节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常被传播在撒利瓦咳嗽或被感染的大气中的小滴滴水 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列出了许多需要和选项晶态算法 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金山警告明华不要破坏郑中 , 还是他将明华的真实认同分离 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他似乎很有意识地寻找她的所有倾向点 , 因此 , 就像在她最危险的伤害 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 自动模拟技术是研究交通流流动态问题的一个简单有效的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用他们的尊重国家的司机许可申请中国驱动许可证 , 同样是在下面的信息 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非武器的处理包括oat、包装小麦和bleley的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化学工业有限公司是政府和商品有限公司合作的一个成功例 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波诱导了盐水的主要属性 , 是黄河地区的潜艇生理学的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	本文介绍了pulp一致性控制系统的神经元自适应管道控制器的算法和学习规则 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	乌诺夫世纪的文档家教育他们的学生如何在特定的情绪或消息 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	房间温度测量的性能必须正确 , 如果他们在深度使用的岩石 , 就要比1000毫米 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	陶瓷复合铜管在管道模块中采用了良好的服务效果 , 降低管道的生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他运行 , 没有人笑... " 姚敏的时刻转变了正常的风格的脸部声明 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	第一四至五叶之后 , 一些强烈的种子在第二次出生 , 出生于耳朵的出生 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	本文提出了一种新的电源覆盖 , 它是解决传输线的电源监控系统在高电压电压边的问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	本公司的零售空间在加州的金融中心 , 卢华区将迅速发布 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	十五年12月15日 , 我与国会达到了一个omnibubus预算协议 , 最后的立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它与编码可重用性相关 , 比如编码可重用性 , 还限制测试努力 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在右手中打开一条铁路 , 科巴lt60的衰退已经被镜子转移了 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如前几个季节 , 中场和攻击之间没有真正的联系 , 需要为一个新的tquartista 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约翰对上帝的帮助 , 他知道以色列人必须在他们的新家里生活很多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在被卡罗伦·埃弗森领导 , 他替代了全球销售的长期vp 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 我们给出了这个模型的例子 , 并分析了一些影响因素的影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	星球和星球形成的旋风云和气体的尘埃和气体 , 无法渗透透 , 但恐惧辐射 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但是随着沙曼的演变 , 一个印象的文档过程只有控制的出现 , 因此只有承诺风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生活经常被视为一个公平的父亲和她的传统婚姻来基地球巨大的乔治奥是这个概念 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过引入数学图书馆和混合编程 , 给出了深度6800的数学结果是满意的 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 艾滋病 " 四自由 " 政策在天津全国艾滋病实施低价国家艾滋病 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 。 不要对你生命的负面印象 , 让人们觉得你是 " 贪婪 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	让你总是想做的事情 , 但不能因为你正在提高你的孩子 , 也许是写或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	杜巴的艾尔·华尔俱乐部预计将在接下来2年的教练签署了正式宣布 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	指导问题是因为两个测试员可以结束不同的分数或两个不同的知识水平 , 可以结束相同的分数 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	当我们大多数人听到一个巨大的暴风雨的时候 , 一位戴维尔的摄影师已经让他的工作变得更近 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将在8月31日完成这个客人邮件 , 因为我不知道这是因为我不会失去1000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 这个游戏失去了流行性 , 大部分是由于化学的增长而被皇帝奥迪奥斯托斯所废弃 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	分析龙形象的分析能使人们感到兴趣 , 因为龙是传统中国文化的相关图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是古老的战斗 ; 好的邪恶 , 愤怒的浪漫 , 手工的版本 , 没有手工 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适合自传输机的地方 , 可以通过平衡和卡隆尼亚盾发现的地方 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	太阳闪亮 , 所以肯伦和老人在玉米沿着脚步走过 , 这里是相当的责任 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料和穿着一辆飞行车的车子外 , 炸弹店需要覆盖我家的时间旅行 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在那里 , 脆弱政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施是非存在的 , 战斗警察的成本 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他在两分钟的间歇中听说 , 他跟前面的战斗车负载 , 并听到了莫特拉壳的声音 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次看到alcino在电影中的时候 , 我第一次在我的生活中 , 我想像另一个人 " 他回忆道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由巴勒唑裂纹盆地组成的大型超级盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有许多生物功能 , 尤其是对病理条件的抗癌作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	在线上 , 学生可以表达自己的感觉和意见更自由 , 甚至有助于外语学习 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使是在战争时 , 台湾人仍然是更好的中美关系 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从未在办公室设置工作 , 我不确定如何学习礼貌 , 如何适当地讲话 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	其次 , 通过建立数学模型的数学模型 , 通过对比分析 , 证明wrh的学术可行性 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何变成主机逃离 , 学校同时也注意训练 " 蜘蛛 " 和 " 视频类似代理 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过mcggs , 通过一个mcgs , 通过监控卫星传输器的工作来监测远程监控网络 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加拉克·福特先生想看银行们应该考虑到国家问题税收和证明的问题 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32他没有自己的儿子 , 可是给他一切都不会 , 和他一起 , 令我们感觉地给我们所有的事情呢 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	在实际上 , 西岸已经从东耶路撒冷分离了 , 这仍然是最受欢迎的巴勒斯坦城 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	而且 , 我的第二个软件raid文章 , 我们将采取一些更先进的软件raid功能和raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天的声音会听到他的头部 , 心里的声音会回应答答答答答 , 同时他在无穷的任务 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前的石油勘探已经从结构储层来源于岩石和地层储层 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	例如 , 默迪亚在肾上持续到肾上被称为 " 肾炎 " , 而剩下的可能会被动态降低 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了北京外 , 这种品种并没有成功 , 但在伦敦的谷歌和加利福尼亚文化 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫拿着哲学家的头 , 给耶路撒冷带来了它 , 他把哲学家的武器放在自己的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	算法满足了新特性ncncncing技术的需求 , 通过字符keleton生成工具路径 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售不受信任者的影响 , 那么信任者对自己的缺陷 , 它就绑定了信任者 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	尽管数据同步发送同步 , 协议提供在网络传输过程中失去消息 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件良好时 , 土壤水含量低时 , 开发过程被延长 , 生存率降低 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	船舶的生理状况是维生和零应力状态负载生理压力的国家 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	与葡萄酒相混合 , 轻柔地混合了香味 , 笑着笑声 , 人群在手上忙着 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	为了实现状态子数的减少和隐私增长 , 更多的工作经常会变化那些没有付出的工作 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 金晓突然问一下 , 托尼是冷酷的 , 但要求几个照片 。 "
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	明显决定看他最好的时候 , 妈妈花了一段时间 , 仔细检查他剩下的东西 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画在中国绘画中发现的各种方法和性能表达到了现代绘画的印象 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发布了网上信息和叶片 , 目前对怀孕妇女有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	法律义务在法律保护法律下做什么协议 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们把毯子放在那里 , 吃我们的餐厅 , 很快就开始喝黑色 , 风吹得很难 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数对岩坡稳定性进行了分析 , 用恒震的平面表面处理了单面滑坡 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	奥克福教育馆在古老的佛教徒里被扫过去 , 在一片黑色的山谷里 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个程序还引入了偶尔变化和随机性 , 它们可能产生事故发生的机会 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌的鼻子:把它放在沸水中 , 直到硬核被变化 , 然后用肉或蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	目标是文件的最后访问时间 , 每次访问文件的文件系统必须记录这个时间 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	与此同时 , 高温区逐渐降低 , 直到与水失的蒸馏有关 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这类不授权计算机引入明显反对法律的战斗是一个挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股票的比例越少 , 投资额越少 , 现金流量对投资的影响越小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们在美国和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战下进行合作评论 。
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	经过水解实验室加入媒体后 , 种子减少 , 但污染率总是很高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解物产生了肉类的味道 , 让这些快速烹饪汤 , 肉类和娱乐 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	推荐的菜肴包括哈克卡风格的beancurd , 蒸发的鸡蛋 , 然后冲刷 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	通过激光诱导的血浆检测了微波的频率下移和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	rubish收集器跟随处理后面的过程检查 , 绑定今天成为一个大型货币 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受我自从成功的祝贺 , 我希望记者更加成功 , 快速 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 北京150名警察沿着北京的中海领导化合物沿着北京 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影之一的记忆场景 , 叫戈里拉斯 , 基于真正的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	这种设备广泛用于食品加工厂 , 食品仓库等 。 单位上升到错误 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	成立于1540年 , 卡姆peche通常被17世纪的bucuccacaneser检查 。 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	工艺实施和应用已经积累了我国建设油气和气体储存的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来对江苏大学教育的特点进行了分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这个狗的另一名名名字是中国的猪 , 荷兰堡 , 荷兰大夫 , 米尼·马斯菲夫和它的国家是中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种新型的单核和双翼磁场传感器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是可怕的 , 而且这是难以找工作的困难 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了有限流量空调和控制方法 , 提出了现有问题的一些改进意见 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是在高中学校的研究对象 , 通过研究地下人员的心理问题 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨 " 输送 " 的动态功能与胃肠肠肠癌细胞的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者购买有机增长食品 , 因为他们认为产品是健康、味道更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	通过实验方法研究了fpso的动态响应 , 研究了极端波载荷的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	世界范围的数据损失现在表示 , 每年都有40亿美元的损失来影响企业和个人 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	与葡萄酒相混合 , 轻柔地混合了香烟 , 笑着笑声 , 人群忙在手上 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	不同协会的不同人口结构反映了社区成功过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	正如在日志上出现的 , 获取名称方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用程序服务器生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包括实际数据发送到另一个程序中 , 并由使用它的应用程序定义了内容和结构 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东部地区和银行控制的pw%很好 , 同时也达到100%的目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要心理和身体变成一个心脏 , 如果心脏可以进入细胞内 , 可以使细胞的膜传递 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	通过对比sa和cft的应用 , 测定了710例牛肉的样本 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	东方绘画的影响 , 利用空间描绘的线条来获得新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能会指着你的鞋子 , 说: " 如果你相信他们和看看 , 你是一个四月的傻瓜 。 "
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她抱怨或不会把自己放在三角关系的指标上 , 并未能看到她在过程中的痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷酸复合物的主要活性是促进细胞吸收 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用理论的主题 , 需要高科技和很多经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和愤怒很小 , 但有世界范围 , 特别是我希望我能代替自我效率 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年弱的经济承诺了一些家庭可能不能为大学付费 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	警察打开了他们的车辆 , 并把玩具模拟成四轮机和视频摄像机的玩具模型 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	她用 " 幽默 " 作为一种吸烟屏幕 " 的吸烟屏幕 " , 萨洛蒙注意 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	这个错误听到这件事 。 他突然跳出来 , " 谁给我承诺吗 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 艾莉·林德和亚人承诺 , 如果必要 , 把我放在地板上 。 我不能错过这 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性感是很不同的东西 , 就像你似乎说 , 那么就有任何必要的事情 ? " 问年轻人 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我明白她如何笑话 , 是英语语语语言的途径 , 但对于我们来说 , 我们正在考试 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿正在阅读或观看 , 并用她讨论她的 。 鼓励她谈论她的事情 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	随着文件的工作 , 作为全国文件规定和上海规定 , 分类、排列和识别文件 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	常常受到冲击 , 偶尔过度 , 丹尼必须学会在长矛盾之前学习患者 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	十个人坐在皮洛特的座位上 , 飞机在风中 , 很快飞行在空中 , 尽管飞行 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长久以来 , 中国的注意主要是小叶茶 , 忽视了大叶子 , 茶输出也减少了日子 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在长久的夜里 , 很像他们有甜甜的梦想 , 即使是安静睡觉的时候 , 但不能做 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	" 所有这些都导致了许多itter性 , " 谢赫·曼佐说 , 印度urdu电脑编辑 。
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生物化学、生物学、医学或相关科学相关经验最低5年 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法是一种小损伤 , 床床 , 是一种安全和手术方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们还可以在世界广泛的网络上 , 这是国际通讯网络的媒体组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于两端信息和单端端端端端端端端端信息的传输线路非et保护的实现 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他住在一个简单的和脆弱的生活 , 他对钱和幸运的感受很大 。 他总是错过了他的工作 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 旧金斯科的董事会通过当地的法律禁止了孩子的产品的使用 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗永是一个晚唐不允许忽视作家 , 它的诗歌明显的地区已经被唐至歌曲转变 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西在星期一提醒我们的根据 , 俱乐部的创始人支付我们来访 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但是看 , 这只是真正的错误 , 因为他们不能处理他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的评价腹泻盐在营地区的旋转控制效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年第一次 , 风吹起来越多的风 , 听到了摩擦的风 , 干燥的下降 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	胡格斯承诺继续建立 " 隐形连接 " 的联系 "  , 这使得那些想生活在和平和自由 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	对于中国来说 , 民族革命在战争中 , 中国的帝国主义行动不再是不错的 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我已经缓慢了14小时了 。 我觉得我很累了 。 这是晚上 , 我一定会很饥饿 。
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一个领导州长和总统的领导人 , 克莱的政治直觉使他赢得了 " 伟大的编译者 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	智慧:我知道你想做什么 , 你是个傻女孩 。 我的亲爱 , 我能帮助你来真正 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 治疗最常见的词语的语言和写作例子显然不平衡 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我从流动的7个训练时 , 我总是试图解释报纸上读的中国字符 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然最糟糕的价格下跌 , 家庭价值预计在2010年全球2010年都会显示小的收益 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果言语证明了有效的话 , 美国表达可以在虚拟市场营销运动设计来创建 " buzzzz " 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	伦敦梅西是 " 与耶稣打开一起 " , 但不要让错误选择 , 迪戈·马纳说 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您想要改变sammba服务器的名称 , 使用netbios名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新ipodnano , 开始在149美元 , 然后用fm接收器和pometer来建立视频摄像机 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	但是瑞典的报纸已经建议 , 鸟儿们在路上被一条路上运行 , 经过耶和华 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何生理差异 , 研究人员从每个群体中获得某些个人来研究他们的脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语的第一篇文字是第一篇从5世纪使用的语言编写的 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共享的义务 , 确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案件和交付时间的规则 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	游客的中心和博物馆提供了关于古代的文化历史和今天印度文化的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈到一般半的一般 , 它的无力参议员在大量的、贫穷的管理估计上都是无力的 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	在cpb期间 , 总mk和类型4mk水平均在中央静脉和周围动脉发生显著升高 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 这是一个非常特别的愉快 , 让我公开表达我深刻的承诺和欣赏 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有助的步骤包括帮助别人的帮助 , 使用幽默学习 , 以及实践问题解决和时间管理 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项计划导致了标志 , 因为它不可能导致更高的能源成本 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	请看<washome>/var/目录/服务器 。 xml用于目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	下次尝试你需要驾驶你的车时候 , 把左鼻子覆盖在你的胸部 , 只有一分钟的右鼻子 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	事故教他们两个课程 , 他们说 , 无论是如何安全的船 , 最多的人类错误都可以沉没 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	据一份报道 , 第二季度增长的报告显示 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要出现在未来的网络和公司应当作为客户价值的代理和集成者的价值 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	据媒体传说 , 一个杯子或板子 , 被耶稣在最后的供应商使用 , 后来成为许多对象 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我把他们送出一个长期的购物列表 , 设置电话在十分钟和拖拉列车上 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 在今年 , 离婚 , 希望家庭在今年 , 我们可以健康生活的幸福更好 , 不错 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾利夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以为短时间开关 , 并使它失望 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实施的独特特特特特色之一是俄罗斯生态群体扮演了重要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	数据统计采用频率、可靠性、可靠性和空间距离理论进行统计分析 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	歌手线迪龙正在为2000美元的超市报告 , 声称她是双胞胎怀孕的 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他确保男人准备好了 , 麦克莱尔的计划是把他的军队放在池塘河里 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	对于电源分布 , 给出了一个特定a/d转换器 , 实现了电源区之间的良好的贸易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 可以通过音乐课堂教学的实践来引入理论教学和结合 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这是为什么伊尔兰咖啡杯比一般玻璃杯更加热量 , 而且有两个金色的线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些游客正在考虑到现代化的安全 , 所以您的健康提供者对怀孕期间有多少非营养性的游客都是可接受的 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:采用非肿瘤技术的非肿瘤合作 , 可以防止静脉肿瘤的肿瘤传播和局部种子 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种双维服务器四色模式识别的方案 , 以及其边界处理技术 , 为什么 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hm的基于hmm的同时解决和更新参数的联合源码解决方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个激活器 , 并对美国的激活器行为1应用于co2删除过程中使用的co2 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	目前 " 巴迪拉 " 计划在夏季被关注 , 大量有效的干燥和产量不明显相关 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三国 " 在刘北 " 的浪漫 , 原来的销售trawsandals , 但后来组织升级的要求 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	城市电子有限公司是以色列购买商 , 需要购买产品等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	在传统的方法学中 , 我们已经完成了客户缺乏传统的重点 , 为了对产品所有者/管理器的优先化提供了控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	两张照片都完成了 , 以色列看到她的惊讶时 , 她已经被称为上帝的设计是不错的 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	由海洋、湖和河流都有不同的土壤含量 , 导致不同的土壤含量 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部请求 , 建立和改善哺乳动物防治和控制系统块 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业人员:美国和中国妈妈和卫生损害预防和控制协会的一员 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 湖南 " 和 " 南京 " 是克里南美学育种的潜在父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售商只卖了学生的一对鞋子 , 他们可能会很好地有一丝满意的笑容 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成就被列为以下:1 ) ) 自我nof脉冲调制为旧灰度控制 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	为建设完成技术文档的技术文档提供了补充、补充、修改和必要的解决 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	民主党法律师akihima说: " 唯一与党联合会联系起来 , 唯一的权力是ozawa 。
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是30小时的数据 , 需要搜索一个速度的参数和天空位置 , 但没有在石头设置 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	对于了解一系列温室效应可能带来的一系列的结果 , 但所谓的利益很少 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	二十世纪的系统功能语言学和心理学被认为是两大影响语言学理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	拉尼星期六在上海的欧洲国际商学院举行会议上周六举行的一次会议 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道自己的是虚拟人从他身上走出来 , 把他转向在压榨里 , 说谁触摸我的衣服呢 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴特拉·梅萨现在在美国人 , " 谈到马萨德 , 一位退休的巴基斯坦总经常转向分析师 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	营养成分的原则之一是不能让郑浦食品、橡胶、提高等价值 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里格说: " 我们只需要强调那些饮料和驱动的人真正会造成很多家庭的心脏 , 而我们需要停止这种心脏 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马对记者说 , 奥巴马表示 , 他将向外交和其他非电力的非电力发挥新的能量 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的激励是关注战略油储备的作用 , 增加探索输出和许多化石油冲击的作用 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它是由异常侵入 , 转移到临床淋巴结或远程组织和神经疾病的血管疾病 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	巴西人是理解巴勒多样性变化的关键时间 , 在德国弗兰尼亚大规模的延续事件之前 , 理解巴勒斯多样性变化 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍教师互动的概念及教师与学生之间的互动特点 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别活动通常是癌症、恐怖、病毒感染、炎症和自身免疫疾病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	1990年 。 华盛国际社会会议、城市生态学和克罗罗戈多市高盛论坛的报道 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我开始在 " 伪装 " 机场之后 , 在这次旅行的领导下 , 我们用所有的陪伴照片 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是0和100之间的值 , 而100指数显示一个轻载的服务器 , 0是一个重载的服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	通过直接计算不同生成的每一代非明显的陶瓷合金的稳定性值 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果显示 , 单视结构的优点是单一的 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	由于混沌动力学系统的陌生吸引力学系统的陌生动态系统的无限相似性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	另外 , 还需要更长的跟踪评估是否可以采取后手术放射疗法的地方 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	" 鸟类 " 、 " 鸟类 " 类型的 " 鸟类 " 比 " 所有的程序都要多 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司具有重要的贸易权 , 可以提供全面的船舶自动系统和信息系统的全面解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	同样的问题在于中央政府的传播部门被视为中央政府的传播部门 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	大节将举行 , 称为uletide , 一个特殊的东西将在火烧伤的火烧伤 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文是第一系列将采取更新的视图2.0 , 如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人风扇的欢迎 , 他的两次冠军在周末与三个失败的损失 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	至少是根据大多数美国人和英国人在一项新的调查中称之为 " 语言应用程序 " 的新调查 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会尝试执行这种预先和使用xenophobia或海军主义论 , 说每个国家都应该举行同样的标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果建立8 , 000个自动测试案件生成600个失败 , 你真正能处理这个 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的协作者几乎不能说一份作家的潜在分享 , 但他们将有良好的任务 , 不会与其他男性的工作相互干扰 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由变得太远 , 社会平等的声音在社会现实上提出的时候 , 系统可以在平等上提高 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	决定人也注意到中国已经为它最大的市场 , 而且每年都是大陆的竞选市场 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国的天空飞机最佳 , 大多数年轻 , 他们笑着笑着 , 他们的眼睛和兴奋 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	当大公司规定了罗斯特和国际竞争的时候 , 就变得越来越多的精力和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	随着世界银行和新闻组织的陌生 , 因此 , 由于世界银行和新闻组织并没有通过尘埃经济预测 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	随着分配 , 有许多用户创建事件 , 例如当用户单击或两个单击标签的显示空间中 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于廉价中国商品的价格更适合于大批零售商来处理 , 这些低于他们的推广项目 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	因此 , 通过接受和票票合并并并不分别控制的管道事件 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染剂在感染人员的贮藏中出现 , 通过污染的食物或水来传播人员 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	杰:我们并没有详细看到其他平台 , 但是我们确保有更多的平台、应用程序和网站都会受到同样的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度改革和证券市场的稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	它是网络化视图 , 核心正在寻求常见的地面 , 而储备差异、和平相关性、代码 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学具有交换功能的特点 , 是在主题的选择或在艺术结构的形成 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文提出了风险识别技术的风险识别技术 , 建立了检查list和流量图的基础 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	位置连接板的面板应该使用 , 无锈钢 , 钢铁 , 铅头扭矩的性能瓶装 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计的教学中 , 给出了线性回归的参数估计方法 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物收入太多 , 造成了无辜疾病的死亡 , 这些文化被隐蔽 , 他们不会考虑结果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中国和外国佛教的活动有限于点和线 , 缺乏大规模传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水的表面是健康的 , 它来自第一个地方和下一个地方 , 空气的表面是不健康的 , 它来自污水 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波提供了一个服务器的服务服务 , 这样 , 其他用户可以从您的电子邮件中获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿音乐 , 因为我喜欢运行 , 但对于我来说很难信心 , 因为我只有5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除了葡萄牙的葡萄牙外 , 互联网并不受欢迎的猎物 , 大约有一半的调查男人和女人都在网上找到人们 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译claus的特点 , 从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译clas的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	风格和闪烁着 , 一个红色的红色和巧克力的黄色 , 完成了许多美妙的声音 , 令人愉快 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧 , 看起来很慢的进步 , 记得上帝永远不会在一起忙碌 , 但他总是在时间 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 尤其是那些希望我们和他们回来的人 , 我们需要 " 公民 " 程序 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	由于信西亚丑闻的丑闻 , 伯卢斯康也曾经正在向那些参加他的党的顾问提供 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅有苏菲证明了全球的平均 , 而她自己的祖父却是伟大的 。 祖先的祖先 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	尽管酒店战略是聪明的 , 约翰逊愿意把它作为旧版本新 , 还有两个问题 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	不要提到互联网游戏 , 甚至我最困难的朋友 , 他们正在抱怨并试图在他们的msn中登录 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	针对钢铁焊接、气压焊接焊接焊接焊接、铝焊焊焊接等问题提出了火焰正常化处理 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚前 , 另一个人完成了他 , 说: " 谁从脚上看到了一个蛇吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	在决定哲学博士的领域中 , 它做到了最好的地方 , 理论、重组和制备的主要角色 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们结束在花费和债务的无端周期 , 还有更多的工作 , 终止生活满满了良好的空间 , 但意义和幸福 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , websphere每个替代访问提供一个解决方案 , 通过访问下面portlet来提供一个解决方案 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语版本 , 可以引入一个报告claus和分类 , 由逻辑和语义标准制成 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白色博士在8000年代的记录中看到了他们的iq测量了5岁和十岁 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何希望 , 旧pc识别它需要从xo机的目标模式来获取它的目标模型 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	在编辑视图之前 , 必须将视图绑定到这个控制之前 , 双击视图控制来选择现有的视图或创建一个新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已广泛应用于长久性通信 , 但它的高系统成本大大限制了电子区域网络 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在内存库库中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过分享某些服务器在整个集群中分享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在一个线路拓扑中 , 一段段段段段段是一个连续电路 , 通常与重复器相连接 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	马里夫影片的高级姐之一 , 已经显示了她的竞争在他带来的试验之前 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	2008年奥巴马是总统的候选人 , 他承诺 " 拿到马 " 交易和货币问题 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着渗透频率的增加 , 光谱区域的数量和变化都不同 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你每次选择你的仪器或打开你的嘴巴 , 都是建立良好的习惯和沟通 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标直接的行为是生物学的基本特点 , 也是识别实体是否有效的重要标准 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是他们在奥林匹克之前回到的东西 , " 乌尔斯特克说 , " 否则这将对商业计划产生影响 。
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安的质量和技术监督官官布鲁为了进一步促进食品的英语名字 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国委员会的全球运动来提高气候变化和能源挑战面临世界的城市 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	google的技术要求从商人中得到少量的资产 , 但看起来很简单和安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架在短方向上应用 , 同时 , 诊断桥稳定了建筑长度 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	东方的历史展览区大多是对中国铁路的荣耀进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这件信息的重要性是您的健康关系 , 请使用这种烹饪方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	然而 , 在工业化管理的过程中 , 河流种子生长产业的过程中 , 需要迅速解决问题 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响循环链头、阀门和阀门内燃烧机的性能的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被告知 , lt键是故障 , 而如果压缩电脑将崩溃 , 所有的实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	这种性能主要是由cutof插件引起的损失 , 圆形的rusquarerustmber和插件开放基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于对美国的民主政策 , 美国的民主政策 , 提高了 " 出口民主 " 战略 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周宣布 , 美国的天主愿望只有上周宣布他们最终会对死刑的严重关注 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	莉莉安·拉弗里斯:直接电影是一个非常重视的工作 , 我们都知道它 。 你只是说的是 , 还是你怎么做 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本文的对象是探讨几种复杂的变量的形态函数和形态映射问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血液动态稳定的血液动力学稳定 , 可以保守糖尿素观察和分泌 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	khakitebags和金属硬币包 , 因为你想要你的访问 , 就像你一样 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphereapplicationserver应用程序服务器版本的插件吗 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种有机盐的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的探讨急性贫血患者的治疗效果 , 探讨急性肾、增强脾气和生成血液 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了一种基于普通不同方程的多体系统动态动力学的设计敏感性分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	采用多线程技术实现的孔洞扫描 , 扫描速度很快 , 洞很容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的整体性质 , 使观众变成了voyur的位置 , 只有显示自己的意义 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	关于等价理论的视点 , 翻译品牌名称应该实现一个完美的语言学u...
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流流是稳定的 , 则如果没有重新到文件或管道 , 那么选择的页面就会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探讨圆柱、纵壁和中壁缺陷的概念配置 , 也为厚度验证和协作监测 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有欧洲 , gm的承诺建立了一个小型和更有效的汽车 , 将缺乏争议 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	国外废水处理工艺在zibo市废水处理中 , 处理了80%是工业废水的工业废水 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同意红肉菜 , 蓝鱼和硬奶酪一样 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这个综合资源包括一个国际贡献者 , 他们是领导学术和实践者的领域 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他喝着深渊的蒸汽 , 学会把自己的精神带到了房子里的潜力 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 全国核政策的回顾是自2001年以来第三次从冷战结束以来 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	个人涉及在这个竞选中不仅是科学的 , 而且表现出不利于更好的信息 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自我开发的轻油改造催化剂具有良好的水生生产 , 完全取消了家庭的重要手段 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我确保每个人都在这里加入我 , 希望你两个 , 西雅图和kikyou , 最好的生活必须在你的婚姻中提供你 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布几个客户机 , 可以模拟数千个虚拟用户在各种情况下的虚拟用户 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	振动液化床已广泛应用于化学工业、冶金和食品工业 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们早期认识到这个趋势 , 我们可以重新编制我们的资源来刺激我们的关键路由活动 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在一定的意识状态中 , 和平的思想 , 一个有力的危害 , 以及信仰和精神的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的分析全球医学神经诊断标准及手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数情况都在显著的区域组装分布中 , 北城的病例占总数的78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	房子们庆祝它 , 共同支持他们的业务、农业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续产品升级 , 多纤维混合理念的实施 , 棉花企业增长纤维来创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体上 , 53%的法国人认为萨科兹先生是 " 好总统 " , 比51% 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源家表示 , 它将为中国公司提供30毫米的煤炭 , 在2014年的价格上 , 开始大约3b美元 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和脚本部分提供了很大的建议 , 如何改变你的行为、学习新技能和变化个性特点 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	根据cin的数据结构的数据处理 , 将数据处理基于cin的数据结构 , 这个功能并不设置ray维数字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	amazonweb服务 , 它租用大型数据中心的计算能力 , 同时也获得了便宜的信誉 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	版本显然为自由版本提供了更多的特点 , 弗鲁斯特称是自由版本的免费版本 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kdup9数据集 , 实现了该方法 , 结果表明了该方法的优秀性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯坦是爱耶稣的那些邪恶的青少年之一 , 为他住在他 , 突然死亡了数百万的问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	这足以让我们感觉很好 , 经过外观工作和耐心 , 结婚机构现在都在外观我们的爱生活 , 日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	去年 , 金融时期收购了金融媒体 , 一个网络提供商 , 收到一个订阅费 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	你可能开始等待你早些时候用来找到你的新教育或计划一个新的博物馆展示你已经希望捕获 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	克莱恩先生 , 你真的想结婚詹妮弗 ? 杰尼弗回答 , 将是我们的天津集团的生存 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	谢希望与胡锦涛总统、温家宝和其他高级官员在五个星期间会晤 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	ym:当我年轻时 , 我看了很多哈克姆奥拉杰逊球员 , 当然迈克尔·杰丹的时候 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是如何基于恐惧的思想形式 , 集成了宇宙的思想形式与光的语言 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美的水果和蔬菜作物通常不能达到超市 , 因为它们的大小或物理出现的超市 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	这个项目将利用电源购物技术 , 由模块、海洋购物组成 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课堂的合作学习理论 , 可以改变传统教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 在1980年被释放 , 特别幸运的 " 格鲁克蒙克 " 年仅发生了60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是二维 , 那么你通常想要 " 不包 " 每个网络列表的内容 , 就可以这样做 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能确保电力支持的安全和快速 , 而且大大部分降低了面部的消除成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 在高卷医院完成的过程中 , 通过经验的外科医生专业化 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场者和消费者的时候 , 市场的营销工作都意识到发生什么 , 而且两者都满足了最终成果 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从网络早期使用的流行使用 , 网络空间是网络空间新鲜 , 主体不法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	然而 , 这并没有满足两个神圣的女性 , 马吕斯 , 德博士 , 以及委员会主席查特维斯 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是一个成员 , 使许多基本的法律 , 管理法律和地方法律等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 充分开发:我不会叫做一个基于社会网络服务的重用户 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	采用ovafbb2的涂料抗原 , 研制了一种用于测定麦芽素b2的冰淇淋 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以学习你的第一句话 , " 莱克er " [le''ka] , 意味着 " 良好的 " 来自食物到女孩 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他是欧洲迁移的最佳工程 , 因为他收到了维萨的dor和护理奖项 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有良好的适用性 , 具有良好的治疗效率低、成本低等特点 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌患者的四个患者对18fdg协同图像进行负面发现 , 但显示正面血清标志 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	柔软的织物和强有力的压缩机设计 , 想要每天都要穿上风格的细节 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	你需要跟随时间的相当正式的服装代码 , 没有犹太人和女人 , 穿着一件夹克和身体 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助你工作的前景 , 因为你可以获得一份工作 , 如果你需要更多的公司 , 还需要更好的费用 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	中国男教育家的缺乏雄性教育家和书籍有着强烈的论点:中国男孩正在发展在一个先前的女性环境 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	本算法采用了几种简单的模型分子和苯胺胺和hiv1蛋白蛋白酶之间的包装 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	五个经理也表示 , 夜间的一位经理也意味着他们更有可能让错误 , 妈妈的调查显示 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么 , 医生告诉我今天早上 , 你的机会让我们看到他说的机会十分十分了 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每次呼吁自己的活动记录 , 所以每次被称为自己的存储空间 , 在活动记录中获得自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	6月13日 , 捐赠者捐赠了超过4亿美元支持加维的工作 , 超过任何人最野生梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人加利·福尼克用他的知识来创建成功的葡萄酒图书馆 , 每天的视频博客展示了酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周 , 一位名叫加里的男人 , 卡尔维先生的奶酪 , 来回来 , 转动它在内部的湿润 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是我们需要空间岩石使用科技系列星trek来帮助我们达到可谓的星球轨迹 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	" 如果你有坏的信用卡比它更难使用 , " odseseaspaulu说 。 " 但是他们仍然可以使用 。
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与测试员深处在我的低血amus , 我喜欢与多巴胺一起吃我原始的蜥蜴脑 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	接下来 , 您需要一个pojo和sap , 将它转化成一个ejb , 您可以给openejb团队提供一些感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因 , 一些常见的动物包括环境、动物权利和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国的煤矿一定杀死了2 , 0003 , 000名工人 , 煤气藏在那里 , 另外还有很多地方 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	大多数记忆的研究重点是关注的 , 因为你可能会预期 , 记住事情的一面 , 如何准确等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如路透小说一样 , 我们可能试图把我们的注意力转移到一些新人 , 再次尝试浪漫的爱情 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 它通常设置alias , 扩展到 " l' , 对于一个目录或文件的目录或列表 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战是在单个umbrella提供普通访问 , 最大的挑战 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放已受到很多关注 , 增加柴油发动机排放标准 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在这种观点上 , 一些脂肪细胞的脂肪神经细胞之间被视为神经组织细胞之间 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	主要类型的土壤降解是贫困营养、贫穷的微生物、坏结构、基础和重药物 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术中脑梗阻患者的肝内外科诊断进行分析 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	美国国务卿克林顿星期六称北方的协议和声明 " 可重新注册 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店付债务卡 , 那么你可以从账户中获得额外的总结 。 这通常叫做 " 现金包 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	皮吉隆斯斯科特作为一个男人走回家 , 在卡斯曼德州附近的寺庙附近的寺庙 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	然后 , 种子进入马丁晚期挑战 , 虽然罗斯里仍然继续看到更危险的侧面 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中配置的线是一个3rdderedre聚合物 , 但是任何类似的吸烟都会告诉你这是一个巨大的趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	如果一家公司想在下跌利率下跌 , 例如 , 它只能有它的市场单位建立它的收入 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大型战略 " 角度 , 讨论成为福州哈利的价值 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	您承认和同意 , 你可以享受成员支付成员的年费和相关设施费用 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据工业分析 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋实际上购买篮球 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国的社交效应也不可预测 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	香港大桥是上海地区最长、最高的石桥 , 拥有五个开放 , 在上海地区的五个开放 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行化程度的差异之外 , 定义性的inquacy也是重新检索财政编码人民一大处理 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	新的金融规定没有什么地址公司 , 即使他们发挥了一个中央的作用 , 通胀房产泡沫 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯·苏雷兹在上个月在联合国111幅摄像场的阿菲尔德的11幅画 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	我们的路程让我们走到公园 , 穿过足桥上高高高高的地方 , 是洛杉矶河的摇滚水 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	2004年9月 , 曼联人失踪了欧洲2004年9月的测试 , 这是一个很明显的球员 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 采用改进剂 , 研究了硫酸盐和丙烯酸酯涂料表的不溶性 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了moca/tio比和填充物理性能的影响 , 讨论了pu弹性时代的热空气 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , src柱的轴向压缩比的有限值比例通常比rc柱的有限值 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织一般的行政赞助 , 反对反对抗抗抗抗抗抗抗抗抗抗冲击和缺陷的产品和其他非法活动 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 双层水平和砂层河流都不能明显通道模式良好 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	通用设备的例子包括雪鞋和电脑键盘的通用设备 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从当前的情况下 , 欧洲民事党的发展可能会再次突破巴黎人 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	方法采用马蹄肝组织作为原材料制备干细胞粉 , 制备马蹄酒精脱氢酶 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	一种透明的反射层 , 生成在薄膜材料的顶层上层的硅薄膜子电池 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业都是关于特定市场或技术的热情 , 并把销售帽子放在不自然来 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接地方能源的生产发展和需求 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	知识和实践 , 关于孕妇女、家庭人、改变区域的知识和实践 ;
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法采用ct扫描对74例病例进行改变 , 分析了ct扫描的变化 , 并对其与预后的相关性进行了研究 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	输入/userinstallroot}\etc\wsecurity\sampleer.jceks在键盘路径领域 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的评价全体骨科学的应用价值 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	经过一次举行会议和一场奥运会典礼后 , 10名成员方向保证安全 , 他改变了他的工作 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	奥利拉表示 , 微软不仅是诺基亚的唯一选项 , 而且许多公司都在与最后的手机制造商合作 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家 , 是在星系中心的环境环境 , 只是在中央栏外的环境 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了pinellia转化研究的mplaslam评价方法 , 建立了提取物和总碱的评价方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国银行法官允许雷曼将现金投入两家银行 , 以避免监管机构 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法采用热塑性试验 , 观察了两种不同浓度的cinobf-bf-注射对小鼠小鼠血液注射的影响 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是整个文本的总结 , 语言的整体特征已经做了简单的文章 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	普兹沃尔斯基的马一次旋转蒙古亚的步骤 , 被认为是在野生中变得太分散 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系的转变模式要求美国和韩国保持 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长的门打破了 , 这些 " 被短的恐惧变成了 , 就像有些奇怪的照片 " 。
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑您的网页 , 作为每个乘客的价值 , 等于等于租赁家庭的价值 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场的激烈和公司 " 通过一个衰退的长期日志 " , 这些指数很少 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果你跟踪并计划在这个点上采取一个破坏 , 请在您的文件系统中创建两个工作 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们看到更多的作家主义在非白人群中 , 我认为作家庭的百分比在亚洲人中最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月亮远离地球 , 即使是大树在山上生长 , 我们不能通过最强的电镜来看它们 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	冲击机场风格和袋检查主要城市的主要城市停止了实际情况 , 因为它将带来普通生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	几天之后 , 他们仍然与军队一起触摸 , 他们杀死了鹿 , 可以依赖冒险 , 花几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 对于四大银行 , 好银行/坏银行应该管理 , 行业只有四个工作 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时 , 我仍然想要一个指定的键盘 , 所以当我看到了s710的时候 , 我知道它是完美的适合 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 那么必须是神的一般知识 , 不过有限 , 这导致男人常想 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	与任何人类癌症之间没有其他文档联系 , 淋巴瘤 , 淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国最近已经公开支持伊朗和朝鲜核活动的规定 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这个游戏开放了五百年的演出 , 是一个不已的战争中东的中东国家 , 在交换1000美元的费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	八月末 , 乔伊·德法科完成了许多残酷的工作人员的幻想:他在一个难以置信的时尚 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	根据价值链的手段 , porter提出了不同的优点和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	给出了一种滤波器的能力 , 只有j2ee1.4岁的j2ee版本要求不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利主义布雷特·布雷特·布雷特·布雷特·布雷特·布雷特·布里特·布雷特·布雷特·布雷特·布雷特·布雷德·布雷德·布雷德表示 , 她不能给她带来压力 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦西亚全部充满了更多和安维拉维亚中场马萨斯卡 , 都是拉齐奥总统洛蒂托的购物名单 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在两级金融控制涉及到大学和学校在实验室管理和长期发展中存在矛盾 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	结果表明 , 该样本更有效地提取信息关注的关注 , 以显示eeg生物反馈系统的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科莱声称 , 穆里奥并没有解决未来的球员 , 更喜欢在手中获得匹配的事情 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	系统的实验研究和理论分析在金坦岩石盐的机械方面进行了系统的研究 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例发生鼻腔感染 , 呼吸道感染14.3% , 呼吸道感染占48% , ur24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	除了德国外 , 年轻人实际下降 , 至10.3% , 两年的时间 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	从传统观点来看 , 句子意义的意义是其真正的条件 , 因此 , 分析意义的新角度 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论对大鼠肝炎大鼠肝炎患者血液疗法具有调节作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗马州的冰淇淋说: " 虽然物理学家常常常知道他们的病人会死于给予疾病 , 他们从未告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然停下来 , 命令他叫他叫他 , 叫他说 , 好舒适 , 他清理 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	墙面的尺寸表示 , led的质量比小芯片的质量更好 , 价格比异常的大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国的hiv传播模式具有显著的变化 , 感染率显著提高 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	事实上 , 美专家通过实际研究表明 , 婴儿油与糖的结合提供了最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他指责陈的电脑正在修理地址多媒体限制 , 零是雇员 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了增强他们 , 从林肯的演讲和写作已经被偷偷过过火车上面的火车人员 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多人设置在损伤宫的地方 , 他们已经保持了大部分原始的地区文化 , 例如他们的方向和传统食品 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中 , 它可能会聚集到如何反射 , 总是寻求一些固定和永久的东西 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔给婚礼带来了kay , 所以她会慢慢慢地缓慢 , 也许没有很多震惊 , 吸收父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	焊接金属和硬钢36z的裂缝增长率可分别分别为35和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统很容易构建和简单使用 , 比传统的msp不增加收购时间更高的谱解决方案 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 复发pv在前列腺癌患者中有效地恢复pv 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	软银行的合作是一个好的启动:公司拥有2200万的订阅 , 而它的用户基地已经在过去几年里逐渐增长 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	郭说: " 我不敢称自己改革开放和开放 , 但是 , 我们是第一个普通人打开餐厅 。 "
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	温姆在上赛季中错过了46场比赛 , 左膝损伤的比赛 , 他平均为14.0分和8.2分 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了相关膨胀土的性能及设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	采用性选择性吸收指标 , 指出性别吸收对生育率的影响 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女人将有更多的建议 , " 联邦主义 , " 阿马逊似乎是英雄 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	这些日子 , 通过 " 水边缘 " 实际上 , 没有发现 。 今天 , 去图书馆 , 在我们知道之前 , 图书馆几小时 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	根据我们国家的特殊环境 , 我们必须重新发挥公司的规则机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	吉利·穆斯发现了一张石板石表 , 许多字已经被毁坏了 , 显然不想让别人知道这座墓 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它提供了一个蓝色的内部通信 , 对于会议业务目标而言 , 而且也是有效的工程 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路布林确定它使用的形状是 " 红 " , 但认为任何混乱的形状都会影响贸易标准 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	因此 , 您可以去学习一些信息在常规颜色上学习一些信息 , 这个论坛将涉及到哪个网络平台更可靠 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	签署 。 您可能不会签署 , 代理或否则转移您的权利或责任 , 通过法律或其他法律操作 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物主权在中国增长 , 藏族马斯菲夫是那些想把他们的财富比较低的股票和房地产的时刻 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应该是为我们所提供的高中培训提供的 , 而大学培训应该是我们普通国家的课程或比赛 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点讨论了原始日常中心工作人员自身事故 , 并探讨社会结构背景的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为1918年以来 , 奥巴托没有使用的东西 , 不过是真正的 , 叶肉是季节的 , 吸引完美的 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	阿富汗总部的阿富汗总部阿富汗政府的最大的雇员之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他带着汤姆的谣言形象 , 她看到一只山羊的眼睛 , 常见的小狗 , 晚上散发 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	通过对镜像的分析 , 提出了用新媒体来降低新视觉创造影响的新视觉 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 经典装饰、完美展 " 的质量产品 , 永永永恒定义了每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行正在转向亚洲的中央银行 , 以保持高通胀 , 直到全球市场转向 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个nps也显示了显著的基因生成交互 , 但它们的效果不明显 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	尽管第二年 , 俱乐部是一个成功 , 部分由于其协调员的能量和热情 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	杰8g.德勒在弗兰克福特的债务 , 提高投资信心可能在全球信贷交易后返回 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	根据计算机节点的请求 , 在mrpd中 , 数据被重新编制成一些团体 , 并且所有团体都被许可 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	两个不同的法国彼得到密切的海岸 , 两个人死亡者是杰克斯科的海洋船员 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	在城镇的错误边 , 但仍然要穿上新的看法 , 美丽的鞋子 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	如今 , 投资者要求银行像雷曼和华盛顿互相提高资产 , 或销售他们的资产来提高现金和证明他们是解决的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在20000年在民主的民主公约上说 , 他是党的副总裁 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	利用bp油喷雾的砂浆污染 , 团队能从二秒内分离水中分离出来 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 基金基地可能是由于未载土壤的安装而造成危险的条件 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生做了一个程序 , 让一个有关朋友的列表 , 有短文本消息 , 每15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	把你的空间与窗户手机的运动传感器和战斗与您的阿森纳更新武器 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	本方法可以提供一种新的测定铝粉含量的新方法 , 以其快速性和简单的准确性的方法 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	随着它的目标 , ekv集成了xwi的网上传感器和锁定敌人导弹的数据 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利的头脑 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 发明效益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	由于主人是电影生产商 , 他的客户都是电影明星 , 歌手和庆祝他晚晚期供应商的庆祝 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	杰西斯 , 脉冲器 , 心脏器 , 腰衣和类似的文章 , 厨房 , 丝绸或丝绸废物 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	结合:任何对原子的交互 , 包括分子、离子、晶体、金属等稳定的物种 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另外一个是洛布莱松 。 风暴不仅是保护风的土地和作物 , 可以从风中降低 , 用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个全部回归 , 约翰·弗拉纳和杰克·罗宾逊昨天 , 反对了沃尔科特和萨姆·纳米尔 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	随着糖尿病、甲状腺细胞、异常技术等因素 , 显示了一种独立的方法 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	审美追求具有各种各样的新闻工作的联系 ; 编辑新闻也是审美追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西省西南地区的六个县和城市 , 位于南京地区 , 位于广西省西南部 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	它的特点是:严重的条件 , 快速变化 , 更容易误诊 , 困难管理 , 更多复杂性 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 菲隆尼亚总理和安德鲁斯在他的办公室遇到了中国外交部长李肇兴 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹被委员会实施整体和平协议 , 并举行南苏丹的参议 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种交换车辆的悬挂系统 , 特别是一个拖车钢袖 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使小山成为我们国家制造基地 , 我们需要做以下:人 , 识别开发和创新高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	最近 , 改善氟化学的最近 , 使用高浓度的氟化学并没有引起医疗复杂 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	儿童的家庭历史或个人历史越来越有可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及使用新型有限色谱介质在净化和生产cobra神经xin的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitelight干涉率增加了端口测量范围 , 测量精度达到纳米的水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省级劳动确保高楼的地板行动员张迪奥到现代 , 办公生长joxuebai来做出重要的演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	将广泛的各种历史上准确的武器 , 包括机枪、巴萨斯、尼古斯骑兵和火箭 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文对水溶性硫酸的黑色染色和完成性能进行了研究 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	给出了一种用于厚厚层的氧化铝膜的制备方法 , 属材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	选择序列和平行执行之间的理想阈值是编码的成本的函数 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北部地区微镜特征没有显著差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面临问题是人们身体的喷雾问题的反射 , 只有内部和外部治疗可以迅速解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是最优势和临床价值的方法 , 采用巨大的市场需求 , 为诊断早期病理损伤的诊断提供了最好的方法 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	雷霍姆再次获得了 " 2004年最佳生产商 " 和 " 2006年男性音乐家 " 的最佳男性音乐家 " 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个电子商务存储应用程序、社区网站、港口网站、样本报告以及项目采集应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度多文本增加了平均14至21个新闻节目 , 与150个额外的展示相比 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛 , 礼物 , 礼物 , 陶瓷品 , 叶子和糖果 , 巧妙的桌子 , 桌子 , 烛台 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他打开鼓声 , 说话 , 把它放到地板上 , 然后把它放到地板上 , 然后把自己放到好的措施 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	莱维特说: " 不要把你的老板带到一个情绪 , 尽管他是个人责任你的职业 。
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	阿蒂拉 , 阿蒂拉 , 大多数西欧的匈牙利王和拉瓦格 , 死亡了一个死亡 , 没有人会从这样的战争中预期 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	有一个视频的能力 , 由于你可以看视频 " 威胁 " 的其他人 , 尽管你的互动有限于视频 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	它改善了xererosis的主观症状 , 临床xericxericxore和dermosctic表现 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	把剪切的床上 , 开始轻松 , 当感觉逐渐与剪切压板连接到一半 , 开始缓慢 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底部改革不能抵抗 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免面对 , 而且它就像一个不可避免的平原 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	阿姆斯花了电影拍摄的剩余的电影 , 让他的逃避 , 让他的小女儿从她的新家长回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则的价值是应该在测试1中被指定为机器的测试之一 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几周后 , 我们得到了几个字 , 克里人想要我讲话 , 尽管它还不清楚 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果也可以用于解决中国西北部海啸区的同样盐问题和地震复制的相同盐问题 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	一种晶体化合物 , c6h12n3ps , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	本文描述了热力学的基本原理和热模态的类型 , 提出了一种制造热耦合方案 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥是中海岸 , 18kkm的东部 , 附近意大利边界附近的东部 , 被法国围绕 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有一个文本就会改变世界 , 但把这些文本都会同样 , 这些治疗将约束qaida的招聘池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三个星期下午 , 我们听到他的卡车在公园里很多 , 发动机被转移 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	这个增加的电压主要是电源线频率和电压计读能力将依赖于正常模式拒绝能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南湾湾贸易有限公司是一家公司主要在优良的葡萄酒、葡萄酒、香烟和烟草 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	为了获得 " 双重财富 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当骆驼完成饮料时 , 这个人拿出了一条金鼻子 , 两只金牌重量了十块 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆教师为例 , 探讨工作负担和影响因素的影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类可能看起来很像清单1中的同步计数 , 但类似性只是超级 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另外一个风险是个人和商业账户将会混合 , 因为他们与沙米克尔这样做 , 现在正在继续他们的银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能带领一个装定爱人使用很长的鱼杆来捕鱼 , 而且也可以减少或设置鱼钩 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 对于某些燃烧机械喷雾剂的燃烧机械喷雾喷雾剂 , 还可以得到更稳定的燃烧器 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这导致模式定义和soap消息生成的si基本文件 , 并遵循wsi基本文件 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建你最喜欢的收集 , 常常常用的nippet , 并确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们提供了一个小时的基础 , 以保持我们的用户信息的情况 , 直到在4pdmpdt前解决 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 仍然是关于膝盖外科医生的挑战问题 , 以重建损伤或受伤的敏捷功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些在政治权拒绝纽约时间报告的任何东西 , 无论是fox新闻提供的任何东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管卡普的爱与中国 , 他的中国风扇相信他是美国人 , 甚至是世界上最伟大的 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	同样 , 中国政府计划通过当地中国政府改善基础设备大量的重型设备制造商 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当粮食是地面 , 或叶子被烹饪时 , 他们变得更易消化 , 允许更多营养由身体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找一个机会 , 以保持他的团队在一个大城市学校的艰苦足足的游戏 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上周 , 一些主要银行包括ubs降低了他们的增长预测 , 大多是因为出口会减少 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热负载集中在插入时间内的外部循环 , 可能导致一个形式的变形形形式的变形 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依赖于系统中多个文档滤波器 , 它可能需要添加一个查询 , 如果请求文档是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数5000个应用程序都被编写的手机 , 使用操作系统应该在一些基于android的表上运行 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作家结合历史和理性思想 , 深入分析每个作者的工作 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室是用黄色自行车锁定的 , 可以在仓库中看到的纤维产品玩具 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	考虑生理信息融合的多维性和非线性特性 , 本文采用svm来建立医学模型 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	1934年6月16日伦敦 , 美国战胜英国 , 英国球员亨利·杰科布斯 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党的党 , 布赫托的党表示 , 联合国对她的死亡是唯一的途径 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场间互相干预的工业组织模式 , 工业集群已经促进 , 促进经济发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸呼吁维多利亚 , 允许与她的男朋友在一起结婚之前尝试与她的日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 仍然是关注高水平的关注和后面的原因 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将有昂贵的增长 , " cinic说 , 在声明中相应的发布 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个幽门的空间电镜显示 " 猫的眼睛nebla " 是最复杂的 " 行星nebla " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管制 。 玻璃加强了热塑料组件 , 测试方法证明了熔体联合的设计 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪士尼执行官说 , 如果他们在中国的努力是成功的 , 他们可能会在其他国家滚出英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	随着我们世界各地的美丽的地方 , 我们失去选择和唯一的方式决定是遵循我们的心 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非其他城市地区的居民 , 可能是对外国人来说同样的方式 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位guugugugueimithirr发言人被电影电影电影告诉他的朋友如何在他的年轻人怎样的故事 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	限制数据显示ms0和tsr是1:0.93平均的关系 , 这是ms0的价值大于tsr 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	这个性能游戏开始了这样的灯光和吸烟 , 现在都得到了所有的黑暗和兴趣 。 更有创意的男人 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqa和qam决定如果需要额外的行动 , 实现这个行动确保规划审计被视为稳定 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	同时也可以保护磁阻止磁阻止 , 可能是由ct的变化引起的第二负载而引起的变化 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 在稳态铸造的稳态铸造工艺中 , 采用了两种生产工艺的清洁度 ;
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可转换是可测量的 , 如指定、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联邦军队承诺不要战斗 , 在这项计划中 , 他们被释放在帕罗伦 , 并向他们的家庭送回家 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	船员们从波浪上移动 , 开始在身体的后端 , 直到每一段时间到达头 , 推动它 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有灰色的摩西斯科的故事 , 特别是黑暗和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一个不可阻碍的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中会有益 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过对自己的部门进行回顾 , 诺佐先生可能帮助最后一个改革:更大的透明性和会计性 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 。 我们还有大卫贝克哈姆 , 罗伯特皮尔 , 丹尼·贝格克姆 , 珍妮·莱曼再次尝试 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们彼此奋斗 , 斯德德德德德德德德德博士说: " 谢谢你在我相信 。 "
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	超过调节、压力或担心孩子经常开始睡眠 , 而睡眠令人严重的后果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 他买了印度农民沟通的土地 , 它吸引了农民 , 阿蒂斯人和智慧人 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过对提取和错误管理的结合 , 庆典摄影师安妮·莱维茨发现自己在债务中获得了24毫米 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈文先生要求一个统一的思想 , 保证各种工作的完整充满成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	近年来 , 发现了中国和西班牙的早期人类仍然存在于 " 非洲理论 " , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他写了一个 " 一个小庙 " 的孩子 , 描述了他的生命和研究在年轻的时候 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	在一代法律的过程中 , 给出了判断的报告 , 让法律的整体体体重新从目前的角度恢复它 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但是他决定把笔、磨笔、继续写作 , 每个字 , 他需要支付普通人不能想象这个艰难工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	" 进口税率 " 是旅客和个人邮政园 " 的一部分和公园 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 城市和某些虚拟私人开发人员开始尝试改变 , 重新改造商业空间 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主机家人知道时间/平洋/估计/预计在前进的时候 , 然后你想要在旅行或停止的时候 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	这样 , 在前苏联有很多平洋建筑 , 在公共厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	第二 , 有一些糖尿病患者可能从艾滋病中获益 , 第三 , 病人可能仍然希望继续药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	后来 , 张先承认面对数据 , 让纸张更好 , 但声称一个同事被认为是英国的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	它也确保您的应用程序背后运行 , 因此您不需要让关键文件世界写作 , 这是一个大插件 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	凤凰太阳首席执行官和总统里克·韦斯 , 一位长期的nba执行官告诉纽约时代的时候 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	联合国俱乐部的运行基金由参与者收集 , 权威提供地方和体育设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	它是由莱德·弗哈卡尔大学的法律教师简单改善报告的 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王的死亡意味着埃丽莎白ii已经成为世界上最长的生存货币 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四十四条建设企业合同合同工作的规定应当申请 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	文章从大地区的灵魂平衡培养 , 为精神培养提供了成功的预测和预测 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 闻到竹心的深度 , 优雅 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	作者对催化剂转化剂中催化剂的毒原因进行了分析 , 给出了防止毒剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	采用六种量子特征 , 研究了六种量子特征的遗传效应 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到所有方面的纯粹时 , 却发现只有在债务中只有我2个人 , 还没有看到fuono的图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种好办法 , 包括一个瑞典分析、评价你的市场 , 开发您的组织身份或只是预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	来到古拉维拉酒店 , 同时也会看到三个相同的看海鲜餐厅的右边 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一种自动增强机械设备 , 一种自动调节可移动 , 背流冲击缓冲阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文利用简单的方式 , 给出了两种建议 , 以找到多变函数的条件极端 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择147个私有企业作为样本 , 分析了21个因素分析和获得7个常见因素的内在影响因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了铸铁酸盐酵母和聚氨基醇类化酵母的行为 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	所以做的所有坏后果 , 包括贫困的性能、大量的系统背景、管理性和增加失败 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种利用多个类随机神经网络的实时语言质量评价方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待的过程中 , 9个城市一定要失去一个人幸运的预测 , 这是一个成功的球员和收入 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血液内皮素和肾氧化物和血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 大卫和金正在看戏剧的辩论 , " 红墓梦 " 的梦想和dprk的人从生活中走出来 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的测定不同的固定固定结端的强度 , 评价适当的stitche数量在切割标签重建中的评价 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	主要讨论了交叉项目的计算和应用情况 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的评价磁共振振振图的诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为这大部分是由于男性有厚厚的皮肤 , 阻止出现脂肪细胞的出现 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈到那些会从课程中获益的人 , 以及一个关于详细的主题物质 , 我们将在这个课程中覆盖 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃部十度 ? 你的呼吸速度快吗 ? 你的手臂 ? 这些感觉阻止生命多年 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	在生产hogholeholerabtadapeedb-b-da-b-ta-i-p-i-i-p-i-p-i型的细胞疫苗中 , 发生了疫苗的危害 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	通过强有机酸包含活性氯氨酸的有机酸 , 介绍了氯丙烯的活性氯原子 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我公司产品很好 , 产品销售在全球 , 比如:东亚 , 我们拥有大量的成本 , 日本 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐是自然生态环境中的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和沙漠化 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这个名字在解释他们的动机市长承认的媒体报道 , 在城市西瓦利的犯罪事故报道 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了建筑和装饰的原理、性能、影响因素和使用因素 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	当前的工作包括当代五间卧室 , 现代家庭1500m平方和完整的退休家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个自由和愤怒的问题 , 人们是中年人 , 他不想浪费时间 , 你知道他怎么做 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语媒体成为审美学的主体 , 对于生存吸引力、应用性和社会价值来说 , 成为审美价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存行简单的实现是可扫描的 , 允许您在一个行列表示的记录之间进行扫描和前进 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 在本周的特殊报告显示 , 德国最大的经济 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 告诉一个不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	请求api使用http请求形式来建立的服务内容url , 包括xml数据的细节 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持初级和二级学校 。 除了英语和马来文化的主题 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件 , xls传递表 , 或动态web页面没有开放ide并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 性选择性吸收的效应越来越多 , 与不同民主特征不同 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育的核心是培训获得创造性的学生 , 关键是在教师的参与和学生的参与 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾·范佩斯西的新合同是阿森纳年轻的代理 , 但他并不希望这个问题在几个月内成为媒体对象 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个<p><p>儿子宿主威胁陈元 , 陈元最终不敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我的家里工作在计划到陌生人看时 , 我知道它会很难利用摄像机构建良好的图片 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	波里蒂和阿拉克诺斯可能导致年轻的生长和损失 , 通常是在灌溉过程中飞行 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的一般条件包括人类的思想和道德、科学上文化、劳动技能 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟对此表示表示 , 中央出现真正进入计划长期 , 面临广告的最重要问题 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以重新返到我们的订单 , 然而 , 客户将每个parcel的运费 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	因此 , 价格下降不应该被所接受的或接受 , 除非摩菲菲菲菲的初级决定和受伤的原因 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果紫杉醇从紫杉醇中组成 , 红素 , 乳素 , 麦芽素 , 肽和甲基酸酯 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	要了解不同类型的吸烟木 , 为了让酒吧bbqgills和火焰在这个自由烹饪视频学习更多关于bbbqgills和消防pits 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳的替代物 , 动物 , 地理长 , 地理 , 地理 , 地理 , 植物 , 植物 , 植物 , 植物覆盖 , 云覆盖 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	一旦说 , 这个碗形状将帮助观众集中在容器底部的中心 , 集成人们和整个结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比西南部的玻璃海洋远远远超过西部的玻璃海洋 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统奥巴马正在决定大多数时间和公共出现的问题 , 改革国家卫生保健体系 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	测定了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和ash的成分 , 以分析铁酸和泡沫的营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我阅读这个消息时 , 我是一个很好的震惊 , 然后我回到他最后一夜都是什么 , 他看起来像昨天那样有些显示 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为一个特殊城市 , 资源城市 , 已经有很大的成就 , 建立了全国经济体系 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了基本原理、过程流程、技术特点和工程实例 , 以及我国地区硫回收过程中的应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果你已经使用的铁路行为sasauthicic , 那么你知道一个锁定用户将与该会议内设置值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	迪斯坦解释了神经活动 , 即使在睡眠过程中 , 通常与某些模式相关 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一个可移除的观测塔 , 可以用来直接导火箭和火箭的位置 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种设施 , 如污水处理厂和鼓励科学家工作更好的方法来减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	虽然他们危险于说话 , 中国语音在网络上说 , 但这里的公共意见已经准备更多的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	新岛的建筑师 , 看着他酒店窗户 , 坐在巴黎街道的家庭 , 感觉他与青年混乱和年轻混乱 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	贝恩:是的 。 很多人住在那夜上 , 我看到人们在长城的街上走过去 。 民族旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 朱明也试着最好的帮助赫米隆 , 负责整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然配置的边缘也可以把注意力绘制到更小或更重的层次 , 但小调整可以提供更多的平衡形式 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	清楚地 , 不同的管理水平 , 无论海岸或海洋 , 需要变化知识和意识 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	政府允许鲨鱼法在今年早些时候被武装极端主义者压抑两年以来 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 他为电影提供了英语子 , 虽然7个只显示了它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	据大卫来说 , 苹果代表的一位苹果代表讲话由于它的 " 政治魅力 " 的 " 自然而受到拒绝 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	科学基础是建立一套科学和综合考试系统 , 进一步运行后院教育体系 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	或许最重要的是 , cd19l死亡甚至杀死了那些高度抵抗化疗药物 , 以及辐射 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	系统将允许使用手持电脑来求求全部利益的地区 , 例如敌人地位或敌人领域的全部运动视频 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最好的美国主义和最聪明的美国主义 , 甚至是那些很难知道另外一个英语 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织保持周明在交通政策的时候 , 为了方便生活 , 她将回到东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男性的完美浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了穆迪尔性的重要性 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的课程中 , tes完全修改了自己的表现 , 如今要教会一天早上 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	采用纤维素gel来支持大鼠心脏细胞 , 在纤维突破细胞被组织成组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了建筑能源节省的窗户 , 指出低玻璃是目前最好的一个角色之一 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们年龄的时候 , 突变开始扩展系统的能力 , 而米托隆德里开始了数量的功能和染色 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一个独立的研究 , 看起来像小型透明昆虫 , 双重了解物种从7 , 000到14000 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的业务是非常紧张的 ! 经过尝试总是的产品 , 看我们的上线 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类生活的重要生活 , 是人类语言的重要 , 血液丰富 , 例如能量、情绪、艰难等 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格得到了 , 突然把他的妻子放在他的妻子 , 所以不要破坏贝特哈 , 因为他已经付了一个圆形的总结 , 他只是在她的唇上 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	国家石油威尔瓦科已经开发了下一代一代程序 , 这将培训和发展高潜在的大学生 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 携带旅客和货物 , 是铁路的主要任务 , 随着社会的发展 , 铁路的需求更高 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持一个希望是她的丈夫的重要项目:快速从他的衬衫上做出的东西 , 枕头从他身上做出来 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文介绍了2006年由红书发布的信息引入世界uranum资源、其分布和变化 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华尔·宁波计划在专业、动物和消费者市场上开发国内市场 , 我们希望更多的人 , 明天会更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	周五的一份独立报告显示 , 在20个月后 , 第二个月的消费者信用增长 , 这可能会为支出良好 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者的cgm和csi可以获得有价值的信息 , 并提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiphop社区已经收到了一个平等投资来自普通音乐集团的金融细节不公开 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但是城市规划人员 , 齐全试图把资本转化成现代、效率和宇宙利亚城 , 大多数人都考虑到历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	语言表示:页面像邮件 , 但是 " 正常的博客科学 " 当你在管理页面时 , 生活在正常的博客科学 " 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国的婴儿有效学习程序是一个完美和多个ex评估系统 , 结合评价和教育过程 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	此外 , 提高了rpuf的压缩强度和模块 , 从耦合剂产生的兼容性增强 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了由日本建筑师kengouma设计的 " 竹墙 " 设计的维拉 , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 做一个立即模式相比 , 用数字0 , 存储数据4美元 , $3 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	星期日 , 观察员声称 " 茶党在联邦支出的规模上升 , 特别是在银行 " 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 1990年代末 , 许可示例已经变成了许多放射器开始创建背景跟踪和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	如果检测早期至15年的生存率达到98% , 可以低于15%的预测阶段 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	然而 , 经过几年的加拉德里尔·格拉德里尔 , 去与埃伦的儿子一起穿刺 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日 , 2001年3月28日 , 智利总统与外交部长唐在智利参加东亚论坛 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在全球的背侧是数百名最低人 , 这个全球是一个重要的诗歌历史 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 商业在中国破坏公司 , 这些合作伙伴在美国销售的时候 , 低于稳定 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评的有机形式包括三个概念 , 如 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机整体 " 和 " 反对方 " 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下面的命令将创建 , 在体积组测试中 , jfs2文件系统与运动点/fs2相结合 , 并只读只允许 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨血清中介素6和中介素18水平的关系及血清综合分化的关系 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	目前的运行状态和电磁搅拌系统的电磁搅拌系统是马山铁和钢铁轧制的1.1钢 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线继承 , 等于性别之间的互相继承 , 个性属性的建立已经成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱的完美状态是单一和独独的 , 就像花朵转换的花朵:保持夏季的记忆...
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	中国南部的大陆盆地是中国南部的半格拉伯盆地 , 位于荷兰断裂的北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	这个单位特点是两个128galn混合罐 , 一个30glon持有hopper和一个变形的进化电容泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理的 " 经常表现民主文化的公共文化 , 但现代的主流思想是经济主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种基于更新大气分散算法和调整方法的化学基础 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的分配需要谨慎的考虑 , 但如果完全的通胀不再担心 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作方案 , 运行在ct和超声图的指导下进行ct和超声图 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	因此 , 当然 , 黄色应该死于剑剑 , 由于人民的感情 , 在地方 , 是的 , 去来源 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的集成对象 , 包括一个延迟锁定循环 , 同步对参数钟信号进行同步 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸称 , hkma将增加两个欧洲资本通过交易基金 , 投资车辆hkma管理的暴露 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股市最近的普拉克已经在家庭预算上再生压力 , 标普500指数在7月下跌了4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他在非政府组织上重新限制了美国税收者从执行吸收的非政府机构 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊情况防止这种情况 , 它可能会与国家委员会的证券委员会批准 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	在一般的相对性中 , 时间就像高度、宽度和深度一样 , 创建了一个四维宇宙称为空间时空 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	几个人自定义了他们的灵魂 , 因为它更困难检查自己的心理比写一个重新写一下 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	帕拉圭总统的发言人说 , 他仍然会继续诊断淋巴癌的诊断 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	承诺人应当确保项目设计 , 根据媒体报告中包含的信息和建议 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型的时间更长 , 消失自然缓慢 , 如果有重复的速度 , 可以显示不断的蛇 , 天然的形状越多 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , niu加入了emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家们签署了国际古典音乐品牌 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是在我的经验中 , 基础uml语言超过文档大多数软件系统的必要性 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我想如果我在夜间做一些空气运动 , 它可以帮助在15am期间增加我的能量水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从第一天的治疗过程中 , 小鼠pmn的化学物质开始降低 , 大剂量的影响比小剂量组更大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	芝加哥会议的展示 , 最近从一个系统网站中消失 , 从来没有讨论机器的特定位置 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可变线性回归数学模型预测火灾的传播 , 监管火灾预防 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法对245名学生自我抑郁症标准、自律焦虑标准和自制问卷进行评价 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	拉里亚先生说 , 我们不应通过这个过程来进行更多的努力 , 比我们愿意积极地做得更加努力 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	埃尔格人是一种智能的科学家 , 出现在浮动大脑培养了怀孕的集群 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司的需求将增加五倍 , 要求超过200多个额外飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看到神的惊人的作品 , 听到神的声音 , 听到了神的声音 , 并且他们在正确的恐惧 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地区 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 一个阶段被称为保护老师教育的阶段 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当爱德华出生的时候 , 他给予抗生素来清理他的肺部的流体 。 尼古医生建议我们承诺 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微批评自己从约翰尼·沃尔克的瓶子里 , 鼓励我的想象来源于它的爆炸 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一条小树时 , 他们听到了一条巨大的飞行 , 穿过他们的头部和一条草地的脚步 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外有一些疾病 , 除了10天或酒精外 , 还有一般的炎症是不能使用的药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预测1 , 今天为下载提供了下载的第一步是将下一步的第一个步骤转换为本地html5支持的第一步 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革的培训应该结合以后的培训 , 提高学生的整体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有良好的耐腐蚀性、耐热性、耐磨性、耐磨性、耐磨性等优点 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	控制器已用于多功能电动驱动同步控制系统 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论我国5例昆虫剂的消毒药物可以用来检测cx.pipien的耐药性检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	大多数情况下 , 目标是在昨晚的最后一夜之前 , 但周维人坚持在13级好的测量中获得良好措施 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短码实现的同步信息 , 实现了相关代码的难点 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是导致服务方向与服务的技术体系之间的关系和区别的问题 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件的错误 , 可以让它很难回归原来的问题 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是增长的双胞胎和adsl的避孕 , 缩短了对称数字子编码循环 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组装水体细胞是技术可行的 , 应该在水收集和水水水灌溉项目流行 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	尽管如此 , 学校在某种类型的学校积极寻求广告毕业生的潜在学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	本周 , 亚太太太平洋经济合作论坛会议的高级官员在海威夷本周举行会议 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	还讨论了城市环境路建设的功能 , 运行阶段和环境路站的必要性 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多目的结合plough可以结合培养和开放 , 实现空实体的合理培养方法 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	阳光强烈推荐了艾滋·纳尼亚 , 揭示了男性与女性之间的平等概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	一些机构已经开始他们 , 他们把他们转到火车上 , 开始从草地上跳出来 , 他们的运动就像球员那样丰富 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	皮利多毒素:在治疗双盲患者的高活性儿童高活性儿童的治疗中发现更有效 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国商业上发挥着重要作用 , 进一步的作用 , 它对国家经济的影响很大影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您的收集和保持wenginging工作和这个收集卡 , 以及收集的行为也会成为工作的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每天都看到他们的平均性经验增加了2.7至4.5% 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	在江南地区的低渗透性变化4+5储层中有良好的油气勘探潜力 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	这项研究将看是否可以破坏病因pudomonas的通信系统 , 以防止疾病的疾病 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于子层储层的特殊地质特征 , 引入化学剂的普遍方法并不适合子层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	" 我不会说我们看着多迪 , " 玛丽说 , " 你说 , " 你不要是贫困 。 " 我总是记得 。
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	据说 , 这种革命可能会被限制或雇佣 , 硬线人和巧克力一定是在日末进行的 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	尽管iq和个性测试可能不会对费纳思想的直接关系 , 他们的精神也是相同的:测量、定量和差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	但是 , 沙箱有墙壁 , 如今没有与外部世界玩太多 , 而且对一个严格的监控和刑事政策的主题 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	好的 , 这是一个很大的代谢手机 。 如果你看整天看完整的话 , 那就会找到一个正面的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobradadadock认识到 , 最大的障碍之一是消费者不能检查和触摸食品 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每年患者治疗 , 预算中有相当的变化 , 在2002-2005年全部ntp预算和总成本都有一定的变化 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 本发明一种复合压力 , 具有摩擦压力和液压力的优点 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	这是印度的议会辩论 " 普通稳定 " 这个月后大多数忽略了这个问题 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究视觉媒体在格里菲大学校园的视觉媒体 , 并提供了一些有趣的观点 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在螺旋板上 , 似乎所有人都离开了站台台 , 连接从楼梯里走到车辆 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	尽管目前数字可能会提出一个步骤 , 但分析人士说他们并不在中国贸易的定义指示 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译在点上编辑 , " 把一个邮件附加到ina.com上 , 一个流行的web端口 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	我们分析了反垄断权机构的四个主要模式 , 并指出有效的功率是反垄断权威的重要性 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗后果 , 但这通常是在他或她看作是一个意思 , " lucnoel博士补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	更多的是 , 花园选、农田、居民和工业土地将增加其峰值 , 然后减少稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbbc报道 , 至少19人死在德国德国德国杜伊斯堡西部的爱情舞蹈节 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象可以让我们做任何东西 , 即使是一个爱尔西亚综合征导致没有过度的行为 , 文学可以让我们带来任何东西 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成后 , 他删除了旗子 , 切实用它 , 一些圣威尔的汉语就像14岁 , 少于25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年 , 西部的一个城市在利马附近 , 建于1537年 , 它是匈牙利最大的港口 。 人口264 , 13 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人犯错 , 我发现这座建筑超级城市是很贫穷的 , 没有一个古老的模具 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经过困难的时候 , 试图学习外语 , 同时适应整个不同的文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个男人为一个狐狸 , 终于失去了自己的森林 。 他走过了一边 , 在黑暗 , 他遇到了一只白头发 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	地球上最大的链接地球上最大的链接 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	红色的天气覆盖鸟体的身体 , 它们的紧密关闭的葡萄酒创造了翅膀和尾巴的气动力学表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	它通常需要映射一个业务对象 , 即使是正常的业务逻辑的一部分 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	然而 , 有时 , 这种疲劳从低铁商店 , 尤其是在20岁和30岁的妇女中出现了很大的肉类 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 设计合理 , 运动是可靠的 , 由那些有害的链接组成的链接 , 达到了世界的高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了减少海岸鸟的习惯压力 , 需要在核心区建立水池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	infoq:看起来像谷歌宣布他们正在下降h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	马登娜 , 切里·布莱尔和贝克汉姆都被威胁在他们的国内生活中迁移到了沉默的纳米 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	设备一夜的vfrvvrvvvrvvvrvvrvvrvvrvrvvrvvrvvrvvrvvrvvrvrvrvrvvvrvrvvvrvvics也很容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	这个酒吧和咖啡都有桌子 , 家庭停止在他们晚上 , 或是一杯葡萄酒 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	据陈晓说 , 一个高级咨询员 , 公司不能在经济衰退中生成利润 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	" 世界上最大的矿业公司的发言人俄罗班瑜伽拉雅说 , " 世界上最大的矿业公司的发言人 。
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市市场指数、声音房价和低通货膨胀确保更多的饲养银行和借贷者的膨胀感 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是教师职业发展的重要基础 , 在教师的路由工作中发挥不可替代的部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	另外一切体育赛事 , 20岁的年轻人也完成了像荷兰、纳米利港民和萨尔玛·哈伊一样的一样 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们得到了意义的结果 , 我们也证明了网格指数实际上是为了解决稍后的部分解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	例如 , 在短期市场峰值上 , 许多人指出宠物利润 , 股票明显喜欢捍卫或覆盖位置 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者看起来似乎是一些投资 , 他的股票在周一交易中下跌了9% , 但后几小时后再重建17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意 , 阿瑟并不会在达wn的时候工作 , 因为他有一个与阿莫斯的争论 , 他已经工作了几次 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	通常的办公室层次不适用:管理人员喜欢法拉 , 超过数百名艺术家的团队 , 是无根的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	从现在 , 只有16qam实验在空间通信中实验 , 其16qam是由传统的方法制成的 , 数据率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜切除术是腹腔壁固定泪 , 使用小切割、电镜和模板固定的技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	没有嫁给任何生命的头发 , 我的父亲曾告诉我 , 因为他们太喜欢分享他们家庭财富或传递 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	为了一个电动俄罗斯舞蹈主题 , 玩家将聚氨基聚合成另一个清理板 , 取得最好的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	一个关键的解释说: " 你可以完全适用于公园的大峰峰、昂贵的玻璃器和印象瀑布 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达式---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案 , 直接影响建设后的投资和周期 , 决定服务和经济效果完成 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及荧光塑料链制造和应用技术 , 尤其是一种荧光塑料连接产品及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:评价板体生长因子对不同根表面的附加和增殖作用 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	彭阳 , 革命的首都是破裂的 , 社会主义公平的每个地方都不会改变这个国家的看法 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温微镜和xrd的方法 , 研究了包含硫酸盐水泥克隆器的闭合过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变量指令、多个地址格式 , 并包含一个小量的目的注册 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	为了诚实 , 大多数学生都会学习的内容 , 因为我们教学同样的事情 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自从1979年重新重建金融信任业务 , 信任业经历了六大改善和修改 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察儿童哮喘新生儿血液悬浮液的治疗效果 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南切尔南部的bp错误 , 联邦政府已经正确了 , 大多数都没有影响皇家付款的影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	结婚之后 , 父亲试图安排 , 她发现在荷兰的幸福 , 但失去了一个被穆斯林奖励的亲密朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过他们完全可以看到独特的机制 , 建立在天空的原则 , 尽管故事只有五个 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	然而 , 公司通常不会给慈善 ; 它并不贡献政治活动 ; 它不应该是理想的 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	格拉玛·布莱尔现在96岁 , 贷款了100美元 , 一个火车站在第八年级建立 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖食品机械厂是汽车生产机械、香港机械、邮政机械等专业生产 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦管理员拉斐尔·贝尼特兹赞成了保持史蒂文·杰拉德 , 提高他的婚姻背景的问题 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	cuimadam的观点是相对较复杂的 , 准确仍然有一些代表性的清单问 , 为了节省更多的两者 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了企业分配资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐述了该技术的结构和实现技术 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	重新努力需要增加 " 三农村 " 的支持 , 即农村经济 , 农村发展和农村民主 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了圆形光长流动的影响 , 假设是一个算法随机过程 , 对纤维环理论进行了详细分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文利用概率学和非可能性理论方法来描述影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	使用hoil , 氢阻止硅油 , 六甲烷 , d4合成了需要的氢硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的影响及心肌超声结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的研究抑郁剂细胞功能的变化及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们回到一起护理管道 , 垂直平衡老师在普通时候说不到挑战 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	它在西方和东方的战斗中不可忽视 , 运营 " 市场花园 " 的战争 , 以及阿伦斯的缺点 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章讨论了林代资本城市资本制度的相关问题 , 包括珠州市与李建之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但是奥巴马总统的预算主任彼得·奥尔兹扎格表示 , 共和党人正在对总统的税收建议进行错误 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	因此 , 要求不要解决:它不能盲目地工作 , 而且在这个缺陷中 , 内容也限制和事故 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她保持她的时尚主义 , 穿着t恤衫运动了她最喜欢的游戏 , 通过对她的个人化的咖啡 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本著名的思想中 , 新心理学 , 斯坦福的心理学家卡尔沃克给我描述的名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们称 , 为了变成任何更聪明的大脑 , 需要大量额外的能量和氧 , 我们只能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿2月22日监管员周五在美国银行举行的五家银行 , 预计将成为银行失败的一年 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构预计 , 今年的全球石油需求只有400万桶 , 达到86.5亿桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也受到非印刷报纸读者的重视、声音和运动 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近的公共评论中 , 温家先生已经向中国保持外商信心 , 并且与国际执行员进行更多 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果时间器在部门的数据之前 , tcp假设将失去或损坏 , 并发送重新承诺 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	由于它返回了正常纳米二分辨率的结果 , 它是自然认为它具有同样的精度和精度限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	因此 , 通过一个完美的重量来读取一个完美的重量 , 让你的脚步发布了更多的实现方程 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司 , 进一步扩大其生产能力 , 同年生产能力达到了2008年12月的5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真表明 , 仪器的测量精度大提高了l、c和r的参数 , 得到更好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入积极的态度 , 每个人都鼓励在我们自己的校园中帮助社会建筑活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还显示他们可以分开整个文化遗产微生物群落 , 创建一个 " 个性化 " 的细菌 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在重建一个锁定板固定结构的过程中 , 仍然必须保护全重轴承 , 直到联合信号可见 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还担心迈克尔·布莱克 , 但西蒙也在周二转向蒙古的问题 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	申请党和党的监督 , 获得低法院文件简单或编写论文的课程 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	实现改善是否会在董事会上进行客户运动 , 否则会有意义地进化过程 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金使人更敏感 , 减少了社会状况的残疾 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置缺陷位置来解决这些地区的摩尔特铁 , 从树砂中得到成功的缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 与zte的手工、统一、贡献、微笑服务和顾客携带的现实 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不想上周改变事情已经从上周改变了 , " chuat应力解释那些劳动计数的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 年轻人已经在银行上 , 我可以听到所有东西深刻的音乐 , 天空开放在我心里 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场关于圣亚反对的战争 , 她已经失去了四次 , 赢得了太多的回归了 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	" 我想要有一个孩子 , 但我不想尝试 , " 马登纳说 , " 这是那些怪物之一 。
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过骨颗粒中多级有机矩阵现象 , 指出矿相与冠状腺炎有机矩阵相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例患者有虚假阳性结果 , 其中包括111例自治平衡 , 9例高血压 , 6例糖尿病 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另外一个任务从来没有证明 , 是帕帕帕诺达的兴趣严格是家庭 , 而参议员们有血液来源于巨大的酒吧 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了有效的dmus的有效途径 , 提出了一种有效的决策和科学管理的参考基础 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果与谷歌地图相同 , 当公司试图通过120kb页面尺寸下降到30% , 公司开始了30%的地图要求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑元也宣布了卫生 , 要获得女孩 , 严肃和罪恶 , 抑制她 , 不要用非 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法甚至允许您在飞行上修改认证规则 , 因为所有pamaware程序开始使用新的规则 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但是我坐在我的山上 , 巴巴巴比人仍然在在他们的数千人 , 而且还有几个人敢敢敢死 , 知道他们肯定会死 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	因此 , 三季长袖在顶部和心脏组织中都是一个很好的方法 , 使整个上臂和上肢 , 同时也不错了一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	介绍了一些相关概念之后 , 重点集中广东电信的工作流技术的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	虽然汤姆意识到它将是在销售会上显示宣传 , 但他并不能与客户的不合理的需求 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对论文的优秀机会 , 它立即攻击了他们所谓的非法干扰和破坏的政府 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找转移额外的行星是对帕拉和同事的技术 , 用月亮作为镜头看太阳的镜头 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填充了这座建筑 , 是一个完美的炉 , 门烧了 , 地板烧了 , 木材基督不被烧伤 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	fcdb的个人成员通常回答这个叫做武装和参与国有的宠物驱动 , 让各种建议 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 你怎么能准确评估你正在为您的产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 而不仅是在大鼠洞里挖掘进一步 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公共演讲也有好处 , 如果他成功与他的观众同意 , 那是一个信心的博士和雇主们的声音 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	如今 , 这比起快速世界的快速世界更有关 , 您的工作发表自己和ivy联盟信在你的名字之后没有匹配 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	这说 , 还有很多故事仍然是探索和离开的故事 , 让故事只是关于阿拉斯和李王的短暂 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体系逐渐建立 , 教育体系在改革、知识经济年龄的改革下 , 教育服务开放 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc已经发布的威胁 , 应该给国际社区疑问它在民主政府领导 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	如今 , 人造监督的政策已经被社会接受到了明显的成就 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	由于心理卫生专业人士称 , 大多数受抑郁症患者并不会受到适当的治疗 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	同时还讨论了多模式方法 , 实现了统一和 " 目前 " 加速运动模型的目标模型 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:采用医学知识、诊断、医疗技能、评估和测试 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	印刷工业的增长一直担忧 , 如果我们可以使用密度测量和控制点颜色的印刷过程控制时 , 就可以考虑印刷过程控制 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在阳光500kvehv传输线中 , 固定系列电容器用来增加电源传输 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	卢西亚和泰坦人常常认为是妹船的 , 他们属于两个独立的所有者 , 但错误都是理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但是当前的h1n1病毒流体真的确实是很明显的 , 人们已经通过流感病毒 , 土耳其和威尔特 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	随着我自己的愤怒 , 与格兰维尔的角色相比 , 最多的鱼类 , 试图从前一天捕获28鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr , 83岁 , 现在是他儿子的30亿美元的菲律宾 , 比尔金达盖茨基金会 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	这并不仅是开发人员 。 正如牛奶油的开放显示 , 提到用户开源的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	北京仍然占据数千名死亡 , 中国已经把第一个蓝色印刷重建在上周的地震之后 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文提出了一种新的目标变换因素分析和光谱图书馆搜索方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	原因是 , 具有声音结构的知识基础 , 直接影响引起速度和专家系统的有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 水效应极大提高了液化温度、催化剂量、液固醇比 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了宋华河水系统的性质 , 耐冰性能 , 然后研究冰冷器的生产性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	美国和联邦技术部已被云的迅速转向大多数机构受到了很快的影响 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是一个孩子去学校项目赚钱的卡 , 来自一个昂贵的评估箱子 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	大多少是否从某些乳酸细菌中制成的酸菌 , 可以转化糖分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济时期 , 一组生产区域和居民单位作为整个社区 , 建立了满足国家建设的需求 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划也会遇到西方的其他预言 , 为一个有效的绿色刺激 , 在建筑效率和可再生能源的浓度 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 卢迅是最常见的中国作家 , 被称为日本学生所需的文本书 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单讨论了敏捷方法学的特点 , 并与传统软件开发方法相比 , 介绍了几种敏捷方法 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%的患者的症状减少 , 囊肿显著降低或消失 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统的操作简单、快速、稳定性 , 维护方便 , 接口良好 , 对于其流行化和应用有益 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智能分析师一致认为中国进步的速度都是经济和技术的 。
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔菲亚的阿尔法亚 , 另一条条条件 , 是世界上许多地区 , 马来里亚洲的内在 , 尤其是东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍主要脑系统伤害的ct信号分类 , 并探讨其在诊断和预后的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验表明 , 这种模型描述了猪肉动物活动器的行为是有效的 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	固体相位是gtaw联合微结构的主导 , 低温影响的gtaw联合强度比smaw联合带来更好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要在孩子和孙子们的生活中心 , 要寻找自己的社会环境 , 这样 , 你就不会有太多的期望 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	按照未来的项目 , 应当确定有效的有效传递的部分 , 按照未来的项目的绝对数量 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公共性是建设和加强政府的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 为了在圣地上做服务 , 圣洁的服装 , 以及他儿子的服装 , 去祭司的办公室 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验 , 分析了硅橡胶释放剂在房间温度下的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾生物反馈治疗30例患者的生物反馈治疗和护理 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引法 , 一个有力的内容由清洁、纯粹的思想开始吸引你的欲望 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	为了重建心脏和心脏缺血的3维生素图像 , 心肌缺血区从2维生素beamct引起的心肌缺血 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	如清单12所示 , 将循环数字放在前面的例子中 , 添加x设置到脚本的开始 , 并执行它 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究利用食品频仪来评价咖啡因消耗与肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用程序集成带来了多个应用程序和信息源 , 不直接引用户直接调用它们 ; 它关注应用程序和数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗、阿富汗等国家都是贫困的 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润已经达到2007年前的峰值 , 但增长和稳定市场的差异越来越大 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	此外 , fda可以启动一个管理体 , 如果机构决定一个成年或错误的婴儿公式给人类健康的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	danton是一个强烈的火灾品牌 , 一个令人惊讶的政治展示人 , 他的视频都在拉拉尔举行了观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行风格界面 , 许多商业软件都使用 , 是从年轻手中开始的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母超级治疗是严重溃疡性咳嗽患者的安全和有效的方法 , 可以改善患者的组织学 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水控制的高质量技术解决方案相关 , 从任务到混合器 , 从直接展示头部和输出 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构 , 提出了信息树的概念 , 并提出了一种新的抗力测量 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管疼痛 , 我会努力完善我的生活 , 不会对你们的爱 , 不会与你一起玩10年的痛苦 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	法国花园的花梨 , 由三个兄弟谷歌的知名生成 , 三个兄弟戈尔 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建课程设计的实施和管理体系 , 是运行课程设计和培训综合应用人才的前提 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	albanese现在将导致一个挑战 , 试图赢得个人机构 , 保障大多数需求来批准这项交易 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一位警察学院的演讲中 , 朱拉承认 , 南非人拥有最高的谋杀率之一 , 去年有1800人杀死 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国的警察发现 , 92000多台陶瓷桌上的船舶 , 中国的云南港和泰国港之间的船舶 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	将军队发送到非洲 , 直接murky冲突中心 , 是传统的增加更糟糕的症状 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	测试结果证明 , qh4节省能源海岸设备具有显著的燃料 , 以及任何道路条件下的任何模型 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这种方法对clivus进行轻微的阻碍 , 但是可以提供广泛的曝光 , 就像两边的矩阵 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三个意识到 , 男人是对天战争的关键 , 因此 , 自从开始以来 , 就变成了他们刚刚的年龄 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	公共的模拟系统分为2000年 , 包括其现实和鲁棒模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法的基本思路 , 给出了地板结构安排的规则 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的范围远大 , 许多美国人认识到 , 根源品牌改革不比当代修理更多 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅是通过发展经济的 " 社会财富 " 的基础 , 而且分布了合理收入体系的基础 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	在治疗25分钟压力的压力下 , 甲状腺的再现时间达到了1824天的1824天 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	这是一个固定的小板 , 同样有相似的塑料前面和橡胶化的塑料 , 作为79美元的非触摸模式 , 但很少按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	因为我们的团队需要用户联系到数据库并设置多个jbos包装器 , 我们使用panel来提供特定信息的用户 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 在第一次光和粒子的互动中 , 这些相互作用像魔术 , " 极端分子是量子光学 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个伤害的王 , 克劳迪斯 , 正在为他父亲的死亡和姐妹破坏汉姆尔 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论我们可以通过观察病理大小的病理学和精确检查 , 应该是路由检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	地面上没有资料 , 盐标志 , 当jet被解释到了一些距离普通县的新机场的时候 , 就没有资料 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经过类似的经验 , 在战斗贫困和追求发展的经验 , 我们充分欣赏他们面临的艰苦和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	将数据交换到客户端和服务之间的格式定义为xml的xml模式 , 显示在清单1中 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题 , 据报道 , 一些美国媒体指责中国黑客的黑客进入普通的网络和编制信息 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 平均非洲人口的平均 , 只有9.2%的人口定义自己 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海锁水果 , 除了蛋白质、脂肪和碳酸盐 , 还有各种必要维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	员工满意度可以分别解公司转向注意力 , 工作绩效与49.38%、58.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	owenpaid试图在那个年轻的扫描 , 打击邮件 , 并从罗伯托·阿伯伯伯托·阿波利和阿拉克·阿扎里省出来 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	1920世纪初 , 民族化的记者出现了20世纪初 , 是政治和经济体系的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双彩色荧光和流体细胞分析 , 比较了不同层次、血液时间和洗涤时间的结果 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	飞行已被认为是两个世界级目标 , 我们的激情领导jt , 信息翼箭头和影响中场乔布尔 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	它广泛应用于汽车和视频、tac机、智能计、太阳能车、电力工具等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	杰米·威尔逊说: " 只有一半小时才能帮助别人的生活和生活的真正差异 。
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	为了保障公共卫生的责任 , 紧张官员面临这样的情况几乎总是错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国正在加强市场和发展中国家的改革 , 增加发展中国家的代表 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	好吧 , ...................................................................................................
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对孕妇女的影响越来越严重 , 而且更有可能承认他们的死亡率越高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	有趣的是 , 我的朋友 , 就像许多航空电影一样 , 就像许多航空电影一样 , 看起来很有趣 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	更多的抵抗是在我们想安装第6届战争教授 , 作为股东霍姆大学的物理学教授 , 然后记录 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的安全版本很抱歉 , 但我觉得这是历史上有一个单一的例子 , 一个炸弹威胁被称为 " 炸弹 " 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这可能意味着不同的东西 , 不同的西班牙环 , 米克哈尔·利布里夫说 , 一个被称为冷战的颜色 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们也发现男性和女性工作人员的方法几乎没有差异 , 提示职业驱动女性只是 " 竞争性 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	意大利软件肯定有 " 北美的权利联系 " , " 丹尼尔洛说 , " 我们在欧洲和亚洲拥有我们的 " amadus " 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然气候 , 如洪水 , 热带循环 , 恐龙和潮湿的瓶子都发生在这几乎每年的悲剧结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	soap<>cobol非xml变换可以用ibmhere转换器来执行网络处理策略的消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	这些形态变化很少是2.结论:hbo与nimimipine和音乐有很大的恢复效果 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际探索方法 , 利用地震波实现了周围岩的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	虽然有很多实践和政治困难 , 但这大区域的福利 , 但利益可能是很大 , 更好的碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 一些新闻:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等 , 从传统中国的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻炼、润滑油泵喷雾、延伸齿轮寿命 , 确保长期印刷色彩精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	清明节著名的《河景景景》也将在中国的电影中展现出它的出现 , 以展示古代中国城市的魅力 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在喜欢的时候 , 这个知识的后果每次都是锻炼的 , 它的权力总是直接向它的欢乐 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	这是不基督徒相信结束的意思 , 即使上帝的王国不够好 , 才能让任何意思造成危害的人 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高能量风隧道试验 , 实现了一种超声波通道 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果突变淋巴酶和淋巴酶都能成功地降低细菌的墙壁 , 提取了纤维细菌的塑料 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨内骨的疗效和安全性 , 探讨腹腔镜治疗的临床疗效 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子膨胀阀的流量特性应适应超热收益 , 适应不同蒸发温度下的流量 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	111岁和索洛蒙给了二十万个小麦作为食物 , 除了两千个浴室 , 还有两千只老油 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定在2001年以来在甘肃基础教育项目运行的一些缺点 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价当地早期早期乳腺癌的临床疗效和毒性 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	加强医疗业的组织和协调 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步促进医疗业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	犹太人在印度哥伦比亚的另一侧看来是可见的 , 以庆祝国家独立70年的70年 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车、大型自动车、小型飞机车、箱车、照明车 , 无论是私人车或公司的车辆 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了对触摸屏的物理变化 , 触摸屏技术也在移动设备上使用了新的软件交互 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择紫莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 草莓酱 , 菠萝酱 , 芒果 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行业的发展面临着各种挑战 , 包括纤维、企业的竞争 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	它们在氯乳母膜结构中很不同 , 猪蛋白复杂 , 电子输送组件和照片合成函数的内容 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	为了探讨改性型tvp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 改性混合蛋白类型的效果 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了大径向圆柱柱柱柱柱柱柱柱的影响 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	某些人可能没有什么事情 。 相信它还是不 , 还有数百万富翁和数百万富翁 , 是相对普通的人 , 钱意识的人 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	前军队殖民 , 在1969年在27岁的时候 , 已经完全恢复了他的国家 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	斯蒂文·杰拉德今天拯救利物浦的德比日胜利 , 并坚持红军的挑战是最高的四个地方 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了大规模细胞培养、环境控制、吸收技术和材料管理的一些措施 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	左yi不知道了电影 , 拖着这个艰难的主题 , 这并不好 , 请求一个人格来错误 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	据当地的丹麦报道 , 利物浦正在唱歌bjerg年轻的nikoljajohlert 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	南18年法国信用农业银行 , 沙街60年 , 江南沟通是邻近的工作 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	大学教育人员在思想和政治领域的前线工作 , 是草地主义者和教育者的思想和政治工作 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct电流变换器在接触方式、控制电路和保护延迟时使用 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 就留下几天 , 然后在一步步步步骤上 , 干水果鲜 , 公园层 , 都是从绿种子 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声正确方法相比 , 非线性配合 , 后来的冲击响应函数相对较低 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	介绍:厦门和母亲给了母亲付出尊重他的坟墓上 , 小宝会突然下跌 , 在返回10年之前 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务过程中心可以提供一个集中的信息库 , 并且在云中可以很容易访问它 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	通过实验测量相对相对相同的实验测量 , 得出了降低扫描模型的表面温度分布的结果 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	作为聚合物填充剂的研究 , 考虑了壳粒利用的重要方向 , 降低聚合物产品成本和改善产品性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	在十八年10月份 , 迈克尔·波兰写了一封信给纽约时代的总统奥巴马出版的信 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人 , 质量第一 " 是我们的张力 , 金泽人将继续创造竞争性产品 , 我们邀请您未来的依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:冠状折射性能有最好的耐蚀性能 , 因此它是最适合于此kiln中最适应的 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 带来了我国市场的机会和游戏 , 信贷已成为社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在斯坦福时 , 六艘美国战争周围绕着大型船舶 , 以确保武器在火山地区的其他地方不会采取 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	混合特征明显显显显显显显显示出物质变化、水果设定日期、水果尺寸和颜色 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但是 , 即使我们重视效益 , 不完全回答气候变化的问题 , 这是答案的必要部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有小型结构 , 很难和耐久性 , 尤其适用于各种调度卡车类型的修复 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	来自西部地区的西部地区 , 这些毒品在最重的婴儿单位可用的刘南军 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了该模型的反射和噪声的机理 , 以及进一步 , 显示了这个新概念研究的方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左颈椎切除术对颈椎动脉癌和部分颈椎切除术进行手术治疗 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	随着经济增长的增长越来越慢 , 联邦储备的增长可能会推动另一轮债券购买 , 试图长期借款 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了山西省土壤含量及其动力学 , 探讨了固定点的动力学 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会表示 , 美国教师在美国大学的六十八个百分之六是指责 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量、集成传感器、转换器和集成器 , 并在此基础上显示 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	照明中心的旅行代表了世界贸易中心的失去二十塔 , 它只显示了9/11攻击的许多记忆之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们应该不能信任那些已经错误的人和态度仍然糟糕的工作 , 他们应该被剥夺到当前的银行和精神 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑郁基因pten对人类膀胱癌细胞凋亡的影响及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是博登尼 , 而其领导人一般是皮卡 。 医生们每天都在读者对动态假期的更多信息 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	使用qcg系列传统的电动管道运动泵 , 用于处理清洁水或其他液体类似于物理和化学性能 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	非常规的代理 , 例如引起血管疾病的原因 , 与人类不同的切割性疾病相关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	通过引入减少外科系统的观察器来重建外科系统的状态 , 可以实现ootc法的问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	提出了一种基于粗糙集理论的连续间隔特性 , 提出了一种方法 , 重点利用分辨性的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	在11月份 , 空气防御系统显示出中国空气显示出了一个强烈的重点 , 多功能武器与出口市场紧张 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔子病人应该保护安静环境法院的处理 , 可以用来减少患者的痉挛、痛苦和痛苦 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 应该到nilmar作为替代 , 沃尔夫堡可能会降低他们的价格 , 让罗斯里的浪漫 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动周期识别电池的自适应控制策略 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	作为信任研究的现状 , 多文化交互和omnibeinging的现状 , 对于检查其哲学维度 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	马萨斯和他的同事研究表明 , 大坝的极端沉淀模式特别是在阿滋病或半年地区的极端沉淀模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿反对苏联影响的时候 , 美国政策已经减少了重要性 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 两个德国代理代理人发现了英国智慧的两种代码已经不能破坏 , 声明的文件显示 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新的稳定添加剂 , 改善了fcc柴油燃料的颜色变化和沉淀形成 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	净收入达到54亿美元 , 或每股4% , 从净收入到151亿美元 , 或111美元 , 2007年第三季 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	虽然英语最受欢迎的信 , 但它并没有真正需要 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时代主席阿瑟伯格周二下滑评论其涉及新设备的投资 , 除非说 , 「 安装 」 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	动态、vivivivid , 工作流的个性成为客户的急需需求 , 用wfms应用范围来扩展和应用程序 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指部的部长们进入大源 , 很快从中间的工人都用水洗在各种部件上 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	麦克伦南 , 另一方面 , 感觉更多 , 说她喜欢她前的工作 , 尤其是金钱和岩星 " 的机会 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	由于我们每周花了十多小时或多小时的工作 , 对于你的健康和长久性来说 , 你的地方也是可能的 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	当使用odbc时 , 这是一个冗余的实践 , 正如应用程序的初始化 , odbc函数是数据库系统的 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在八年内返回巴基斯坦 , 幸存了一个自杀爆炸 , 在卡拉希只有几个月之前 , 只有一个自杀爆炸 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分为糖尿病 , 给了一半的地方 , 并用扩张的释放氮 , 一个药物在血液中提高了hdl水平 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	你可以伸展它 , 说 , 一个例子来改善人类健康的例子是从一个地方到另一个地方 , 但这比我要更多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资人决定在星期一举行 , 亚洲和欧洲的男孩都在下滑 , 大约有643.76点 , 或5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是我从网上找到的星座配置的一个线程图 , 可以更好地做这么伟大的环境 , 或者很容易被烧伤 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 佛教学思想的研究比其他人更少 , 尤其是大昌六inlun的内容和意义的研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的规定 , 由美国的sarbanesoxley行为鼓励更多的公司 , 以及其他措施设计清理企业行为将是spspur 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	您可以嵌入媒体来更好地说明一个主题 , 为自己建立你的信用性 , 并与其他人合作改善你的肯定 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	本文描述了mvc2的思想 , 以及基于mvc2的访问控制管理系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史蒂利说 , 因此 , 利比亚的评论是普遍的 , 丑陋的 , 使利比亚的能力带来了党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏季更有可能涉及城市娱乐中心 , 蒸汽黑客或公共池塘或一个火灾水库 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	利用这些参考 , 中国应该完成现有教育投资体系 , 为基本教育、加强教育机构等优先发展 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它袭击了岛屿 , 杀死了两个民兵和两个民兵 , 因为南方忽略警告不要在岛上纠纷的水 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:基于整个策略实现创意思想 , 我们可以从用户经验优化实现最佳结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 在超级机器人战争中 , 作家肯诺克·苏里亚也没有报道 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着我国的战略和领导产业的战略和领导产业的发展 , 逐渐吸引了大量的fdi , fdi成为我国高科技产业的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季 , aol表示 , 自己的成员拥有36%的独特的访问者 , 但创建了80%的页面视图 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但是最后 , 我们决定把它放到巴克哈 , 沿着我们的旅游者安杰和乔治 , 还在探索城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	加利福尼亚的宪法改变 , 直到48小时后 , 物理学家认识小鼠的父母或法律保护人员 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	大多数种子在早期出产的种子的胚胎可以发展到全球胚胎相位 , 由于异常内皮核分裂 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理教育应该教育专业知识 , 使独立思维和培养生命学习习习习习的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总战争特色是我们最新的发展基础 , 引入了3d海军战争的第一次 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生们将能使用知识和方法 , 他们将在本课程中学习相关材料 , 并在未来遇到的法律问题时发现答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论在冠状皮下 , 术中产生了良好的骨折 , 造成了良好的机械因素 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	政治家们总是会谈到人口崩溃 , 奥巴马总是承诺自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	智慧的模式在其它地方做出了相同的设计 , 为了一些有限的颜色和三种方式选择 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律收集权的时候 , 完全运动权 , 可以保护自己的工作权利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	同样 , 奥巴马总统提出了更强的恐怖主义 , 但他面临着强烈的国内反对 , 提出碳切割 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉·克林顿回来了几次 , 而在2008年的民主宣布中 , 有时从声音邮件出来 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践表明 , 希望完成 , 材料探索和今天的外部戏剧现象 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	平衡输入信号从任何真正的平衡平衡球员将通过完全平衡 , 直到达到平衡电话输出器 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为一个 " 伊纳 " 的 " , 聚集了世界大权力和各种政治 , 美国认识中亚是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	英国哥伦比亚大学的最常见的是gregregorkiczal , 目前在英国哥伦比亚大学工作于软件模块研究 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型的帮助 , 可以在工作、方向、交通方向、或其他支持个人保持自己或她的职业 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	这里有一个场景 , 苏金终于走到了房子 , 最后把所有的东西包装到邮箱里的钥匙 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元法分析外部环境对电动混凝土的影响 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp管理员说他们通常听到 " potus已经订购了这样的 " 和 " potus " 正在华盛顿短缺 " 美国的总裁 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	美国认识到国际机构、外国政府和其他代表人员和他们的家庭成员的存在 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 相关进口声明形式作为签名并发布的客户应当被任何购买的外汇付款 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	本文以板体和壳体的经典理论为基础 , 采用两种有限反应产量条件 , 作为材料的产量标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	中国在马来西亚和新加坡保持良好的经济和贸易关系 , 三国都是互相交易伙伴的重要贸易伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	对于偶尔来说 , 这个月的列表提供了更深入的ibm支持者 , 包括最新的特点 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1个可爱的cap岩条件可以重新覆盖的甲烷扫描和直接限制甲烷脱硫 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的照片显示了几个女孩在jiakai体育厅内玩坏事 , 这是用空气化系统装备的 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	根据本发明的另一个实施 , 图5显示了脉冲宽度生成器的例子 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一条街道之后 , 是一条街道的破坏和传统的法院房屋 , 只是东方购物区 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国的民族组装投票 , 回归了16个马来自新西兰的各种博物馆回到他们的家乡 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国正在建立和平建设和平委员会 , 更有效地协调和平、积极冲突重建和发展的努力 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系的劳动法、劳动法是劳动关系调整劳动关系的主体 , 应该是劳动关系的特殊性 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师做它 , 他们会创造日本产品 " 解释说 , 他的头部的海外运营 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	甲基素提供了许多水果和蔬菜的黑色 , 如蓝莓和红椒 , 它们是黑米 " 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站说: " 几乎地震的资料 , 从崩溃墙、飞行玻璃和下降对象 。
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部的大范围主要由平原和平原组成 , 马克隆隆隆隆隆隆隆是一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的按钮 , 微电脑锁定其他地板的门 , 设置回收容器转换直到右键盒下来 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	这种药物在干燥类型的早期干燥时很严重 , 而且它的强度和时间都是普通年度的 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	爷爷酒店拥有一位荣誉 , 与安吉先生、高级副总裁、销售和销售太阳 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国很高兴宣布 , 与党级比赛和党级的球员共同达成协议 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我走过发展中国家时 , 问自己是最大的解释 , 是经济性能的最大多样性 , 它会在这个领域下降 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前已完成了许多项目外包装框架 , 但对此类框架的设计方法有很少的研究 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是在夏季的温暖和冷却 , 由气体直接燃料的气体吸收式气体吸收式冷却器实现 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	我的身体位置----------在我的赛道和脚趾之间 , 身体位置与你的接触点一样 , 当你服务时 , 就会有什么相似 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	采用扫描电镜对l929细胞的培养和生物相结合观察 , 进行扫描电镜观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚大学的精神意味着不同时期不同的意义 , 但秦明的发展中文化总是在它 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	陶瓷是细胞膜中的脂肪酸类型 , 同时也为身体的应力响应 , 夏季解释 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司已经建立其现金水平达到60.9亿美元 , 包括平等投资 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据8月份报道 , 官方的工作率 , 加纳了政治家和公共人群的注意力 , 报道 , 公共工作率达到9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例手术中医生诊断术前急性呼吸生物检查进行比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	作为一种自然地理景观 , 由人类作为一种旅游资源 , 我们称它为旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角:它转化了绿色 , 因为苏达水含碱 。 如苏达水 , 可以转化成绿色 , 被称为碱性物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着舞蹈的发展 , 与社会开放开放 , 永久的戏剧变成了唐代的存在和丰富 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是足板类型的结构 , 它是舒适的和方便 , 可以显著降低骑兵的劳动力 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食物会引起全面的感觉 , 影响饮食通常 , 满足护理吸收的情况 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他从温州到9月21日 , 离开了15亿元的债务 , 两家银行和个人信贷 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心说 , 地震测量了3.8的丰富规模 , 与80公里的南方的80公里 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	司机终于推出 , 他的胸部和腹部组织都是从他的身体上升的 , 他很快就死在那里 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属框架复合材料 " 被广泛应用于石油、化学、药物、食品、存储等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求编程tools字集的标准程序要求系统提供编程字集的标准程序 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	这个课程要求基本问题 , 如何是自然化的电荷 ? 为什么我们找到了一个孤立的磁带 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 在巴拉特亚湾海岸的深水水水里 , 一个死的涡轮浮动在巴拉特亚海岸 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论白细胞cd18和mpo增加和lukocyte数量减少大鼠岛体损伤的减少 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计将在阿富汗警察培训任务 , 进一步从中部国家获得进一步的150个garme 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持omc实施是欧盟实际选择的实际选择 , 尽管欧盟不足以帮助欧盟实现健康的完整 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文包括五章:第一章和两章介绍了vor的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们的背上 , 带有限时间 , 为什么我们可以看到它 , 所有的神秘保存 , 从基础上来看呢 ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	在10年以来 , 由于rg来临 , 大约有10个高产、高品质的稻米品种 , 带来巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类的广告 , 两个印刷和网上都可以看到什么是可用的 , 以及在一个特定的邻居 , 获得你最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	在最近一项独特的航空试验中 , 170个seatboing727被制作在墨西哥南部遥远的一部分 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我告诉朱莉在试验中开始试验 , 我们通常必须跳到每天生活中结论的自由 , 因为这次试验的目的 , 现在支持了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	这实际上 , 我描述这里是一个平衡的 , 是一个参与意义的孤独 , 它是由帕尔西特设计的 , 是由于权力设计的 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了fog中的多个分散模式 , 并提出了fog的fog含量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	由于具有良好的饲养和遗传系统的理想模型 , 被认为是一种理想的模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机回到500英尺的1500英尺 , 修改了我的空气速度 , 为500英尺的500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者并没有做出现金决策 , 如液体所有低危机政府债券 , 以确保绿色纸只是一分钟 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的青年里 , 律师ksnich通常与他的父亲和政治和宗教相结合 , 但他也承认他的爸的承诺帮助贫穷和家庭 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果和大多数性能 , 城市可以从事实上获得10个人 , 直到第二个目标 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该叫这些iphonelike , 触摸屏屏幕wfiphone , 用音乐和视频 , 真正的浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 上面 , 应用程序存储 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果自动旋转km-5000d微震系统包括三个部分:微切割系统、双电子动力设备和控制板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方工作的印象 , 盖茨基金决定采用预防模式 , 并在12个省重建它 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管美国错误 , 但本月早些时候 , 英国人将加入aib.法国、德国和意大利 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	但另一方面 , 随着贸易的增加 , 跨国公司带来了一个积极的影响 , fdi对贸易有着积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动图表将显示投资者如何在购买更多微软选项时 , 或持有一些中国股票 , 或短期油价 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	由于新英格兰医学报道 , 他们和他们的病人一直担心罗斯塔兹酮的心血管安全性 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	在攻击时 , 一些昆虫物种包括牛肉和肉类活跃繁殖 , 但对这些极端措施不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了大红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民事应用中使用广泛 。 空气轨道系统被描述 , 并介绍其应用范例 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 给出了灰水泥和混凝土厚度 , 最后的厚度将准确计算 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	能源价格周二轻松 , 油价在134.01美元和气体价格达4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	据官方说 , 即使它的主人缺乏六个要求许可证 , 即使在国有财产全部运营 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国的平均人来说 , 他们希望从这些国家找到一些东西 , 我们可以学到 , 同时也可以通过潜在的疑惑或歧视我们可能获得奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州政府在6月第三日宣布了父亲的日子的第三个星期日 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	据世界领导的国际卫生组织称 , 加速高效疟疾疫苗的发展和许可证 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面临南面 , 捕捉最好的观点 , 并且在下面2.5米以防止玻璃进入房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	设计您的线程安全课程 , 允许它在多线程应用程序中使用 , 如非线程安全课程 , 但更高的安全水平 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	1979年至199年 , 美国生产率越来越大 , 年度越慢1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是 , 研究人员建议如果弱趋势仍然持续 , 即使在今年六月的夏季季季季季季货币上涨了更严重的周期 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	另外 , 本文从反龙的背景和课程的背景和改变 , 分析了该课程的经验 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气在传统真空投影过程中传统的大区域 , 因此它的大型短压空气消费较高 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	民主党如布什政府这样的民主党 , 例如霍尔先生大多数在布什政府上不足 , 这也继承预算 , 但与缺乏办公室留下办公室 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了出现在公共互联网上的sparql端点外 , 其他人正在出现在火墙以便于企业数据的交叉查询 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据《时报》报道 , 切里·布莱尔的妻子 , 当她在中20年中期是一名旅行律师的画家 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	在距离战斗中没有出现形状 , 或是在距离战斗中跑出气体 , 但两者都是在第二半场比赛 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	结果可以通过数值和图形来显示 , 通过直接看到它的软件 , 除了工作界面容易使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	现在可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员验证 , 以使用您的行政用户 , 留下wpserverid 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvclike模型作为一个例子 , 但可以应用丰富的web应用程序背景到任何模型和页面设计方法 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能导致星期五收入 , 同时 , 很多俱乐部仍然持续上升 , 或减少票价 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视上 , 一位新闻记者说 , 副总统有史上最大的竞选战争价值 , 因此oddson喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的螺旋性能 , 设计了一种双向活性高精度的高温控制器 , 具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	尽管上年 , 福特公司是美国最好销售汽车 , 但在2010年最高的十个列表中有六个外国拥有的模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 一个折叠不开放卵或是在释放卵子和甜蜜 , 形成卵巢的囊肿 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们并不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们只是相似其他公司的业务 , " 公平场 " 接受它的网站说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	2003年 , 他面对法国的一项调查 , 他在法国攻击了一名年轻的小说家 , 而在纽约的民事服装 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适性是最好的 , 凝结的风险比填充的平板操作更低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的时候 , 他和妻子都会收到600元 , 每月在忙碌的时候 , 当生产跑到2am时 , 他们可以每次回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和呼吸的几个字 , 爱 , 爱心 , 抱怨 , 除非你行动 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论在星期五被逮捕了一小爆炸在北部空军飞行的小爆炸 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队已经尝试了许多 " 偶像 " 的方式选择 , " 金说 , 前来最好的是他的2007年英雄 " 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们看到他们是非常相似的事情 , " erik说 , 一位28岁的助理教授 , 指数数数学和艺术 。 "
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的移动规定 , 他可能试图展示相反的成员 , 他对他们的预算和税收政策进行严重的合作 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一个高级公司发送了一个样本 , 然后我不喜欢样本 , 然后把样本发送到我/c , 现在我们做很好的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	为了研究35例慢性和血液zinc价值的关系 , 与40例没有rrti患者的血液锌价值相比 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择它之后 , 主题将会找到一个银色清单: " 破碎的腿 , 我可以在床上看电视 。
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文采用宁波作为对象 , 并对科技资源的现状进行详细的调查和搜索 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	在交通事故的损失中 , 由非电机车辆或行驶员引起的损失 , 运动车车的驱动机不应承受责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金制造商 " 项目 , 为了取代旧能源工程车的购买 , 广泛使用 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	通过对双共振振振振振动振荡的阈值条件进行分析 , 分析了信号光的吸收系数不同 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 对于一个中国人来访问外国 , 甚至访香港 , 我们自己的国家很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	2007年8月15日 , 支持者准备一个巨大的不平洋的图片 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	采用计算机模拟方法对阿尔格、w组件和潜力的影响进行了研究 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰和美学的传统统统统统统统统统统治和美学 , 被称为 " 汉语 " 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	交通从洛杉矶到华盛顿 , 作为反war保护人员阻止了主要的交通 , 有些链接自己 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为一个由多个计算机组成的下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它交换命令和数据采集系统的数据采集系统 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的需求越来越多 , 更关键于微波传递设备的性能包括coupler、splitter 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	在xunzi的历史观点中 , 盐与太之间的关系不仅具有逻辑性 , 而且有不同历史时期的丰富的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许芝加塔与客户请求的颜色发送了巴纳纳 , 这些颜色都会从绿色到深黄色 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在这里 , 一旦处理精密核燃料棒 , 一个不通用的纺织厂正在设置购物 , 以服务自动化工业 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	同时也显示了一种高度生殖性的高度 , tcb是一种非侵袭性、简单、便便的监测和筛选设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	数千英尺的地下 , 水晶的洞穴只是在芝华沙漠附近的一系列玻璃洞之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	库比克的财务表现主要表现在击败能力之前 , 已经在赛季中运行了赛季的比赛 , 只有36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	由于最小侵入性手术仍然是 " 主要 " 手术 , 例如心脏攻击 , 甚至死亡很少 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	在明清初时期 , 沈建县是新兴艺术学院的一名叫 , 是新南艺术学院的首席 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了纳米胶囊的智能调节原理 , 建立了理想的热吸附模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理、正确的作为我们目标的最佳产品 , 满足客户的质量程序 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山金矿是我国第一个艰苦的岩石矿 , 采用机械上升的水平滑法 , 采用指标钻石 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	所有数据库表的所有值都可以通过用户提供相同的密码 , 同样的加密算法 , 以及相同的cip模式 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	拍摄电影 , 一个由美国特色8个世界级的电影 , 8个外国人 , 总部瓦纳贝和一只珠宝 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	逆转形式的弯曲弯曲弯曲弯曲弯曲 , 轻微转移 , 连续玻璃包装和优雅的环境 。
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	本文介绍了竹钢的制造过程 , 提出了生产的质量、品质、品质和问题 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	自由主义 , 二十世纪早期运动 , 拒绝整个机构 , 试图通过强调机器和电影 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	劳动合同制度的前部长说: " 劳动合同制度办公了许多问题 , " 劳动合同可能为合同提供有效的合同 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品、个人数字辅助、看着钟、各种仪器、办公机、电脑、汽车电动产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它的原始意义是 , 狐狸借着老虎的厌倦 , 使其扩张意味着有人对其他动物的影响 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马高血压大鼠心脏保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	例如 , 建立的水电工程 , 为铝电解植物提供了大量的电力量 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	它是一种用来吸烟烟烟叶子和烟雾曝光量的木材 , 给烟草留下了显著的味道 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们集中关注了指数和搜索器的设计 , 基于多级分区策略 , 提出了一种新的指数分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨大脑血流变化的疗效 , 比较血流改变前后血流变的作用 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	给出了多变量预测极信号自动控制回归算法的稳定性和全局变换特性 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种制造平板热管的方法 , 包括以下的步骤:提供高层覆盖板和低层覆盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	这个庙里的主要建筑是大厦 , 超高 , 钟塔 , 脚本的 " 午夜 " 的第一层地板 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于物理混凝土材料的温度依赖于自然、测量的反射和用温度变化的结构能力 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年 , 吴在国内和国际地位和国际地位的战略目标 , 作为人口理性大小的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	采用氨基合成气相反 , 可以直接制备脂肪的催化氢 , 用氨基合成气相反 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同时 , 学者认为 , 它在基本上成为意识的基本上 , 由于浅层皮肤的边界感觉经验的边界感觉体验 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 系统可以使用软件或硬件来处理紧急情况 , 例如给出一个异常、功率、停止调控等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是促进经济的重要手段 , 税收制度和税收行政的安排能力大大大影响非稳定企业的发展 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	根据liftportport说 , 如果骑士被送来 , 顶部将会在大气中燃烧 , 而底部将会输送到地面 " 的 " 地面 " 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	由于德国核反应堆的核反应堆最终会被讨论日期的核反应堆的时候 , 展示了一天 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	应用隐喻理论、家庭道德体系和当代美国政治学的研究 , 详细阐述了两种意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	事件人指出 , 两家公司将在更低的利润下销售 , 预计这个市场股份 , 并依赖于高效游戏的应用 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 死亡的例如 , 已被视为世界上最快的疾病负担之一 ; 今天 , 病例已被报告 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫菲利亚社区的调查显示 , 70%的关注时期都没有发表gp , 一个600名女性年龄1645岁 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会遇到转换xml数据的任务 , 将吸引力、互动性和可用的接口传送到移动用户和各种web浏览器 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	就像一位救生职业委员或金融行业人员一样 , 右边的顾问也可以帮助你建立一个固体基金 , 以及在你打开你的门口 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢给你说 , " 奥运会是人类航空飞机的下一代 , 被一些nasa工程师称为 " 波罗斯 " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	进入西小时的工作平衡 , 导致你在爱人时失去平衡 , 导致你失去睡眠的时间 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在克里兰传奇中 , 假期庆祝了克里德的转变 , 看起来是克里德原因的另一个途径 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	首先 , 乘客在同样的价格上得到直接 , 因此 , 自由旅客支付了6美元的通道 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动比越南等地方更昂贵的3倍 , 为什么我们也不会在那些廉价国家制造努力呢 ?
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选择适用于加强方法 , 比较各种加固方案 , 如注射根、非滑板、锚杆等 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是他的回归可能被接受 , 但没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫的官员告诉金融时间 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文合成了多尺寸波分解和ssan操作符合图像处理的方法 , 然后快速获得特征点 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	据《坏苹果》的一项调查显示 , 一个 " 坏的苹果 " 可以带来负面行为 , 像病毒带来办公室或摧毁良好的团队 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 这是关于产品开发能力的一切 , " 日本的首席执行官 , 社会网络操作员 , 希腊 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还派了奥尔菲亚的照片 , 并告诉我 , 或者 " ommas " 的照片 , 就像他们所称的年轻的海地女性 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	这里我想告诉我所有的亲戚和人们相近 , 这些服务将使用所有的方式来杀死我 , 还是专业的 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	然而 , 很快就从雨林转移到气候变化和有机农业的问题 , 现在 , 亚马逊在1980年代遭到了相同的速率 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	本公司说 , 可以提高这种大圆形 , 因为可编程逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利的部分 , 与groos标识的65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第14条政府可能要求通信企业要求公共灾害事件或紧急措施 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他重点关注公司已经允许用户通过音乐播放器应用程序和第三方开发人员做的音乐页面 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生找到了一位劳动员 , 他的妻子在家庭的两个孩子、女儿和孩刘江 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	尽管如此 , 高级的色彩比杭来说 , 他负责接受战争记忆的捐赠给博物馆捐赠 , 但没有人知道 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	有一个全球文件来更新意味着头部的意思 , 只要记住在添加或删除用户时更新它 , 然后把它放到脚本上 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	根据我们的关键字 , 我们买了几个关键字母url , 因为每个url的100美元 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何自定义管理客户从websphere环境中获得信息 , 但如何把信息转向监控工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	本文的重点是建立一个合理的数据结构 , 并实现了固体建模的基本功能 , 如旋转、zoom、pan和部分视图 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	菲利斯环 , 81岁的福特·科拉多 , 看着她的轮椅在丹麦的投资足球体育场举行的演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	为了创建数学计划的数学课程 , 沃尔夫拉姆·阿尔夫拉姆的发展特别感到兴奋 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一个年轻的婚姻女士在一个孤立的农场和骄傲的生长花朵 , 一天 , 她突然感觉着与他们沟通 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者预计将在工作文化、接触、编写应用和学习6090分钟花费6090分钟 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经移动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军船和一名任务员在120英里的雷达斯举行的任务 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	据官员说 , 卡扎拉在东部的一架飞机运行51人 , 至少有14人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	美国人 , 美国人和3470名英国人均在寻求7590名中国人 , 50名美国人 , 4020名马来西亚人和3470名英国 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好看起来 , 女性的机会被认为是 " 男性 " , 沿着哥伦拉多商学院学习的学习 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安娜皮尔洛早期遭到防御墙的防御墙 , 而克拉斯的种子和克拉斯都有半机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京的第一个记录是第一个记录的第一记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	据世界新闻报道 , 英国王子威廉姆将在2012年结婚他的长期女友凯特·米德尔顿 , 在伦敦奥运会的埃及 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件设置使用inots6.ntf模板时 , 它继承这个模板中的所有设计元素 , 并继承共享文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 用两步法制备的薄板塑料大多数是用htma来释放amtma , 这将会腐蚀铜部件 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是 , 特别是在火星上高度依赖于火星 , 包括火星的火箭 , 一个饮食阶段 , 现在他们就在这里去 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	" 政府说 , 所有的东西都是很好的 , " aleklesandra志愿者 , 31岁 , 俄罗斯援助组织基于圣彼得堡 。
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们发现 , 没有任何类药物被喷洒 , " a线规划 " , 解释药物部长 , " 这并不仅仅是主要药物 。
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	cb2的神经生物质与神经酯的内容有良好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试完成率 , 我们回顾了2008年1月和2月份在艾滋病病毒的记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	中国精确的刑事是一个困难的任务 , 数百万的工人离开了他们的官方地址 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳医药车1号的通信控制系统 , 提出了trb模式实际运行的实际原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	改进的机器绿色法利用有机磷酸 , 形成稳定的色彩复杂的有机磷酸酯 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页面纸总长度超过120多名医生被学校委员会决定是平衡主义 , 三分之二没有指示生物图 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	据年轻的爸爸、澳大利亚和美国科学家昨天发现 , 孩子们面临着很少智慧 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	应用mtc测试周期的建立评价标准数字系统 , 研究了wmtc测试周期的危险特性和ftp、ece排放测试周期的差异 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	艾伦·唐的原始是女性叙事 , 它决定由作家的性和表现出女性构造主义者 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁抗磁设备的机理、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一个源泉 , 我们可以从巴西人文生活经验、宗教情感和外文学遗产的影响 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的放射图学检查显示 , 比对照组4周之后 , gos观察显示了两组新的骨髓 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	沃尔拉克·哈德里尔说: " 所有的泡沫都从地球上扔下来 , 所有的橡胶都会被积累和复合物扔下来 。
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	设计了50l小说生物反应堆名为fus50l , 并根据该原理开发了数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	通过对2007年版本的营养数据系统进行计算 , 并采用饮食糖尿病 , 测量重 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scao合作关系的数据 , 其他普通银行股市的股票只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据popugar说 , 我们将得到约翰市长和詹尼弗·安妮弗·安妮弗在本周日在奥斯卡尔举行的红毯子 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后 , 提出了两种相应的通信趋势、高文本和低文通信 , 对解释活动有很大的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和克尔洛在苏纳塔的平等角色 , 与18世纪的钢琴苏纳塔的18世纪格式相结合 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	布拉利亚 , 伊斯特和威特 , 他在传统共和党阿里桑那赢得了选举 , 并成功成为一个活动主义 , 进步政府 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	koller表达了印象 , 尽管它可能在眼睛操作中有用 , 两个月后又尝试出来 , 首先是动物 , 然后用完整的成功 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价二类糖尿病患者和30例健康控制组的诊断价值 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 这些障碍和家庭图像每天晚上都在照顾每一次的事情 , 就像是一个宫殿墙上的法庭美容 ;
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过对非封闭载载体的基本特点进行分析 , 阐述了其识别和对海洋声明的限制 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和我第二兄弟到阿华达的时候 , 一些热情的朋友通过印刷和发布我 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当企业提交企业收入税收回、金融声明和其他相关资料的相关资料 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些表示 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是一些发生性肿瘤的重要因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几项研究表明 , 低和中级执行官显示许多应力症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、紧张等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡肉和褐米干燥蛋糕 , 只有五个纯纯净的成分 , 以满足您的特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	本片提名了柏林金正1999年的奖项 , 但缺乏 " 美国优秀的电影 , 最终有力的实际力 " 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型显示了预测的更高的技能 , 它显示了可实现的方法预测短期气候 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	反war地面威尔带来数千个反对示威者 , 其中包括2000名在密西西比亚州的国务员 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检测中心位于工厂的质量检测和质量检测中心 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	在埃及的埃及hierglyphs庙里 , 全部的文本都是在埃及的埃及寺庙里的 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据wanjiaiaiagou水库的设计 , 阐述了一种特殊的问题和解决方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	从室内测试中获得的可信动态参数是地震破坏的动态分析的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验 , 如果安德罗id市场是苹果苹果商店的独特性 , 或者探索许多特点和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	本文研究了两缸同步和准确方向的液压系统 , 然后设计了该系统可以满足要求的同步系统 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数的年度增长率仍然不变于负面23.9% , 前几周的数字提高了负面24.1% 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、线、丝、毛、现金、合成纤维、混合、耐磨和婴儿等类型的衣服 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间数据的组织框架 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索和解决adsl线故障时 , 当用户访问网时 , 我们介绍了一种ing仪器的adsl故障 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	在快速交换过程的平衡之后 , 通过不同动力方程的方程来处理慢交换过程 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	这个地点是从数字化数据收集到的 , 由太空热排放和反射射辐射器收集的 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种关闭式环境风引导装置 , 属于电站的技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	赫华是一种旧时代互相援助 , 以循环必要基金 , 总是组织在金属邻近的组织 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:采用细胞镜检查手术指标、手术方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	根据罗根的指导下 , 被称为colt专利的防火公司雇佣了人才的机械和工程师已经开始了 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	这位19岁的阿罗德是他的国家在20岁的球队的常规 , 是利物浦第二个地点的关键演员 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	周围延长 , 所有的颜色 , 美丽的绿色和褐色 , 融合到一个遥远的绿色 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	中国2008年夏季奥运会在北京和周围地区建立的大型体育设施之一 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是韩先生被严格的平等性引起了新罕默默默默斯无穷的山羊 , 而且增长了三方政治的运行 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国的食品安全分析单位和一些知名的警告项目称 , 南方索马利亚的污染更糟糕 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	关注eobject的脚印实施也注意到了一些客户使用它达到60%的脚印减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc表示 , 法国alp的玻璃人在过去四十年中丧失了他们的地区 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样、统计意义的基础 , 将帮助您理解什么 , 更好了解结果的意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国王子 。 皇家威廉i的儿子 , 他命令在弗德伦战争中 , 并在世界战争中重新宣布了冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	网页必须在基于b/s模型的桥梁卫生监测系统中显示大量实时数据 , 结果通常更新页面 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新站点混凝土表面 , 随着塑料和保温材料覆盖 , ( hscmt条件维护 , 混凝土不应水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在本地报纸中 , 我们的9/2/02/02篇文章是一篇文章 , 由托尼德里德的报纸引用了 " 医生关闭药品销量 " 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们的前锋米卡尔斯特将提醒我们在开放季度的事情 , 并且布鲁斯很高兴把他带回了双明翰线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	采用先进的双向卡车阀系统和进口的电泵技术 , 实现双闭环压力和流量控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了一种机械臂的设计和配置过程 , 基于mcgs配置软件和siems7200系列可编程逻辑控制器 ;
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素分泌在胰腺癌的部分被称为 " 语言汉 " 是一个复杂的过程 , 如果没有正确的诱导糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	青岛大佛在林山南部的小林山地区 , 王西省 , 江苏省 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这是为什么我选择 " 美国学校 " 公民教育 " 作为我研究领域的原因 , 都采用文学聚集和比较 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节上 , 米米亚热和达湾波德将采取清洁的评论家和莱布伦·詹姆斯在联赛中最好的两个年轻球员 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这是为什么web设计人员 , 他们的衣服 , 班纳 , 头部和四方设计人员 , 可以收到50美元的好的页面头 , 更多 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	文中得到了关于发动技术的研究 , 提出了解决问题和解决问题的参考 , 并给出了在边缘艺术中的应用 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 人力资本的价值大多是从账户视角测量 , 而管理人力资本的评估很少 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文提出的算法 , 将信任区域方法归纳到限制简单的分解算法 , 以解决rsd的最大问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	portsmoth是烹饪岛屿 , 还是太平洋岛最受全球变暖的威胁 。 他们很快就不会跟踪 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳电子技术有限公司是一家专业led制造商 , 生产、销售和服务 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥·费德南德和周一将错过中场的访问 , 经过在布朗尼亚的体育场遭受了一场热烈的空间 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	1887年 , 瓦恩·戈格在巴黎的葡萄园画了 " 格拉格 " 的 " 观点 , 它在奥特洛东部的克鲁尔默默尔博物馆 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目的是决定15个体重男性的急性效应 , 染色素酸和三角素对葡萄糖的耐磨效果 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际视角来看 , 消费者价值福利 , 所以更好的市场访问可能由他们的地方获得良好的福利 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	格林斯坦先生保持中国和其他因素在全球各地的低速率 , 不仅在美国贡献的房地产 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	基于工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群的新型空间经济模式 , 不同于市场和层次体系 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	如今 , 所有她的甜蜜都会变成湖泊的身体:那么愚蠢的东西 , 最亲爱的 , 然后把我放进我身边 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 查尔先生的移动将会增加奥巴马的机会 , 通过国会来增加自己的自由能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年 , 新兰为我遇到一家纸兰的制造商 , 同样的事情在南京的冲突庙里发生了同样的事情 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	这些美丽的承诺 , 这些甜蜜的微笑 , 这就像阳光一样温暖 , 在我的右手中慢慢地冻结了曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先逆转是一种较高的优先任务 , 因为它们使用相同的时间系统中使用相同的资源 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模拟 , 计算机数值控制和位置跟踪误差矢量计算机的工具位置点计算机数控和位置跟踪误差 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	利用废弃的材料和整体建筑站 , 实现了纳波地区的理性布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强实践教学 , 重视学生文化的思想和创新能力 , 使学生培养的能力得到了显著的成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度转移是由整个天然海洋周期流动影响的 , 影响热转移模式的影响 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王模的解释不可疑地从天空和地球儒家关注的角度降低了张家的小说 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些更大的浓度有不幸的侧面效应 , 使蓝钛高的挥发性和爆炸性 , 使晶体非常危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司手工图像处理其他婚礼摄影师 , 同时也教他们使用光室2 , 因此它们可以节省时间和更小的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了肽unie混合物的组织培养和dna变化种子的dna水平 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	它的大学成立于575年 , 是研究理论、科学和医学的研究中心 。 人口04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	临床试验表明 , miv210行政对健康志愿者具有良好的生物可用性 , 实现高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	研究了不同种类型的稻米品种和混合品种的产率与产量相关特征 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用中心理论和正常形式分析了地图图的局部编码两个分布 , 并对地图的正常形式进行分析 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	银行员工涉及印尼亚的隧道恢复说 , 政府的计划 , 社区的重建是自然灾难反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 马兰的父亲 , 马兰 , 一个令人惊叹的农民和树木在大城里使用 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指数或主要关键字段来选择q应用程序使用识别复制行和正确的命令交易的关键列 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	然而 , 伟大的灵魂被拒绝的自然 , 阿雅雅雅 , 向我独特的心灵知道我是创造的原始 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能源机构宣布日本已经增加了第三种植物 , 因为辐射已经在墙外检测出 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出 " 现状 " 不仅是想到明明市晚期发展的重要阶段 , 而且是他对理论基础的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	yanovchomsky指出 , 气体供应的多样化也会增加 , 这将使自然气体出口更加灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统很容易安装和操作 , 但由于有限的能力 , 但不能满足大规模的泡沫项目的需求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	相反 , 让他的星球员力量移动 , 弗格森提醒了罗尼教授在加拿大、罗西和大卫贝克汉姆教授 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	作为约翰f.f和罗伯特·肯尼迪1969年结束的故事 , 爱迪在这里看到肯尼迪是深刻的整合 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣给自己提供了一个牺牲的罪犯 , 在天堂之前 , 没有追求自己的幸福 , 但对于地球上的利益 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社会责任可以帮助顾客的情感增加 ? 如果这样 , 那么 , 那么 , 那么这项研究是怎么回答这些问题 。
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利特菲尔德说 , 他在一月份警告奥克尔问题 , 希望公司将在1月发布的一组季度安全包 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	相反 , 几百万人 , 正如他最初建议 , 盖茨正在与他们的财富有10%的比例 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 男孩 " 杂志创始人 , 他正考虑婚姻婚姻婚姻危机 , 年龄24岁 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	通过建立目标运动模型和动力杀伤车的模型 , 给出了解释概念的约束 , 并给出了轨道转移的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金南也是春城的著名 , 是太阳流下北部 , 城市地区 , 形成了许多春季 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两年来 , 让他们欢迎他们 , 正在照顾他们 , 所以他们都与他们的心都代表了他们的姐妹 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们在危险时 , 就像在山谷或山谷的谷里或山谷里 , 甚至穿越信号很坏 , 警察可以知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	每天重复生活 , 我们使用自己的小头部配合很多概念、意义、公式...但这充满了痛苦和笑容 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	这一点 , 布菲特在中国所有的出现中恢复了中国 , 是通过查询斯坦福德 , 试图在音乐中做同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	这种价值可能是不同的依赖于电线的制造商和室内温度的不同 , 因此我们推荐您的基于您的特定要求 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	吸烟屏幕可以吸收和扫描器红外 , 重视引导头的能量 , 然后减少导弹的可能性 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文以小型集群字符识别为基础 , 定义了中国字符作为一个分离的分配、分离循环和组件 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被看作是现代艺术的重要人物 , 由于他的智能绘画理论而造成了很大的贡献 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	王元泉 , 北京的佛罗斯和苏利夫的首席顾问说 , 宣布是一个潜在的警告 , 不要太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	与此相反 , 香港在1980年以来 , 经济正在经历了最快的三年的增长 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高层和低侧建筑的建筑的原因和防止措施 , 并指出了建筑的特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我不会看到下两年或三年改变任何事情 , " 约翰·交易 , 一个50岁的个人投资者 , 卡尔菲 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾见过的最伟大的老师 , 他没有能力 , 让学生们像一个不可见的对话 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	扫描4提供了超过一群熟悉的字符 , 在镜子电影设置和输入自我参考一个线程 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另一方面说 , 越来越多的电视政府产生的另一个问题 , 这是假设人们在广播时会看到的过程 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到二月24日 , 当美国空军向克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克克斯的竞争 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新闻或传统媒体的大师 ; 有些是宗教领导人 , 一些是政府的最高官员 , 都有影响他们的影响 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师推荐使用表达总线快速传输 , 最便宜的公共交通选项 , 增加了生物周期和行业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个古老的系统可能会存储 " 狗 " 的 " 哺乳动物 " 和狭窄的词汇 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在大庆的眼睛里 , 吴明是高雅的 , 手工 , 小心地说 , 工作 , 接受强壮、快速思维、实践工作艰苦 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	另外 , 将连接字符构建在统一的用户输入时 , 导致字符串注射攻击 , 数据源的安全 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	作为辩论继续 , 唐金先生需要与美国相反的事实 , 尤其是在1970年以来 , 普通人看到他们的收入标准 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎您的友好学校社区 , 并且由学生们的描述显得很成功 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是把自己从你的工资中付出来 , 然后给你的信用 。 在那个单一行动中 , 你告诉宇宙值得更多 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建筑下 , 矿产估计含有4000万吨铜和4600万盎司 , 应该在2012年开始运营 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	因此 , 死亡的罗斯孩子原来是在太平洋的时候设立了28年4月62日的发射日期 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 细胞宏观形成的渗透率和渗透指数可以增加 , 淋巴细胞变化可以增加 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还指出 , 当寻求解决问题的时候 , 应该给出相当的考虑 , 并对dprkrk的安全关注 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:对21例患者进行抑郁症和178例正常控制 , 测量家庭动态问卷和家庭环境评分结果:1 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要的业务利润是负责、股东和用户的重要指标 , 是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	通过对6700光线地板的破裂现象进行了分析和探讨 , 提出了基于基础的3结构改进方案 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了水域绿色空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保水林空间发展的需要和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求大学生的研究 , 他们可以获得公务服务员或政治部门的机会 , 获得更高的社会状况 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	作家的眼睛是美丽的 , 它保持了几代世界生活的几代 , 取消了许多努力 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 很多研究发现 , 社会科学家已经取得了更大的管理成功 , 比有技术培训或前职业课程 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临着市场和银行的限制 , 导致银行贷款的困难 , 在提高资本短缺 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	通过实验和创新 , 介绍了废物碱液在循环氧化单元中的不完全分离的解决方案 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的恢复角度 , 黑色的艺术地灯是疲惫的 , 身体独立人士的独立人士和足球 , 把好地方都有休息 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽特雪登:希望你可以建立国际jci标准医院 , 让妈妈和婴儿都能最好的医疗保健和世界同样的步骤 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计在将psveindhoven翻译成30个季度的第一领导 , 将提供切尔西和商务员的机会 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会由三个或五个人组成 , 执行官也被海军法院的调查人员和调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	雅虎贷款在塞尔吉奥·贝纳多·贝尔蒙之后 , 另一位巴黎移到巴黎 , 是年轻的西班牙球员 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的第六个会议的第六个会议 , 为当前和未来一段时间的和谐文化建设提供了一系列完整的安排 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为了做这个 , 使用发现实用程序来定位和评论你在一定时间的访问或改变文件 , 昨天或在过去的任何时间 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	基于北京矿业公司北极软岩支持工程 , 实现了美国钢板支持和路径相互作用的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用trypan蓝色染色检测、7690紫色荧光照片和透射电镜对细胞生长和分化进行了分析 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna内部表面的吸附性及其管道 , 采用pvc作为主要原料 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	采用有限元软件 , 建立了双辊芯片的固化模型 , 采用有限元软件的固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcu&dr&d部门 。 工作将在特殊的22个文艺奖金奖 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水表面降低 , 相对湿度近地面增加 , 阳光小时减少和风速减少 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	美国科学家在1912年被称为 " 威尔布尔.科维尔 " 的化学家 , 研制了一个测试来测量克里斯的化学水平 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖上升到某些程度时 , 饱和的中央问题消失信号 , 如果所有营养物都会减少自行产品 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 经过刚刚的兴奋 , 我把握在我的手里 , 就在那里 , 在那里 , 就站在我的妻子的那一部分 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每个人的十个手指都留下了一个不同的印象 , 而皮肤的弹性使得它都是不可能的 , 准确留下同样的手指印象两倍 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理局副总裁谢表示: " 今年7月份在北京市的书籍销售率增加了5月的一% 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放比较低 , 因为大量的河流体系足够的水电能产生者提供了一些70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	设计了dlach和dflip流电路 , 为了介绍dflip流量的应用 , 我们设计了dlip流量的注册和对象 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	由100英寸的雨水 , 每年下降在奥林匹克国家公园 , 埃及绿树上升到了奥林匹克山谷的谷谷谷 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超基因融合蛋白质因子实际上是抗原艺术中的一个替代 , 具有目标功能 , 是一种新的前景介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一个精心规划和组织的努力 , 实现一个特定的一次努力 , 例如 , 构建一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	采用spore污染分析、扫描电镜和c14位测试 , 定义了混合层的地质原因和分布特性 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人想理解正确三大营养 , 这些三大营养都是关注的 , 首先控制动物 , 随着年龄增长 , 逐渐减少 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了让朋友 , 朋友 , 印度的心 , 情疲倦 , 帮助手 , 自由合作 , 共同创造更好的明天 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国已进入巴基斯坦合作 , 在新疆、边境巴基斯坦和阿富汗的西部穆斯林 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀被用来刺激气体流 , 防止管道和容器的涡轮 , 尤其是在真空安装中的污染 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品进入也可以用来描述一个较少的症状收集 , 一些人受到消费的食物 , 没有明确的基础 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	实际上 , 物理化学物理化学物理化学物理化学的沸沸点似乎与有机化学实验相结合 , 它们是不同的原则 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	锁定器是悬浮桥的特殊设备 , 主要有两种类型和液压移动型的两种形式 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 2005年7月21日 , 美国委员会总理温家宝与贵族总理萨米尔在访问中国 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应当是自然和冲突的现实 , 分析人民的陪审选、培训、法律职责 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	本文在本章的基础上 , 分为九部分 , 分为 " 原始文本 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了电子矩阵法的变换量量子地评价机构变换的方案 。
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	工作变得悲伤 , 沃尔兰的孩子开始意识到他们的父亲是一个暴力的怪物 , 每天恐惧自己的母亲 , 并拒绝喂养他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章是关于图像创造、特殊语言结构的影响 , 形式主义在古典诗歌中的语言分配 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 基于集体身份的理论假设 , 本文分类了欧洲认同的理论:主义和建设主义两个方面 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	采用燃烧噪声和有效解决方法 , 研究了二甲醚发动机噪声发动机噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	天空攻击食品价格越来越大 , 越来越多的挑战 , " 忘记 " 美国千年发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上以来 , 他和67岁的叔叔在猎物过程中得到了困难 , 冰流 , 他站在那里 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素涉及在自动或帕克里尼时尚的规定中 , 例如氧化物、前列腺素和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	2004年2月初 , 尽管过去一直描绘了各种不同的鳄鱼 , 但这些鳄鱼与正常类型的英语相对比 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果你不能读到数据时 , 那么该编码键被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它是因为提供者使用自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是那些在金和银、蓝色和绿色的网络 , 让我们穿过他的脚 , 让自己忘记自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	山西省旅游资源最好的条件 , 目前是其复合文化的著名条件 , 而它的竞争开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常在布里斯顿的书中 , 允许孩子们有力:旅游和烹饪自己 , 来看魔术地 , 或解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	针对高粘聚合物变化过程的流行问题 , 开发高效大量转移仪器 , 提高表面再生率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学项目对心脏攻击患者的积极影响不仅为了改善知识 , 而降低了疾病的程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果复苏率为93.3% , 62% , 62.2% , 与nsplal预孕组相比 , 显著性高于93.3% 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	英国的游戏是一个由民族团体鼓励的香港客户 , 并由教堂交换所所所提供的需要 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	箱12:kilos的重量应该在这里展示 , 其他单位测量e.g体积或许多项目都可以使用 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	跨越高速公路 , 远离深圳国际机场 , 港口仅从广州新湾国际机场离开了数十公里 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体系的发展 , 人类生活标准、医疗和医疗业的迅速发展迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的第二层楼将被透明 , 电影将符合香港人民的想象和创造性 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说: " 为什么他挑选我的原因: " 球员可以有很大的技能 , 但是他的才能不会让自己应用 , 得到工作 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍中国纺织品的出口情况 , 尤其是从音量和降低出口价格的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	不同的加热玻璃墙的不同规范 , 但我保证干燥系统的质量 , 降温系统下降 , 应该很容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	这种不同的源泉是当地美国人、俄罗多·史蒂er和我们的朋友对地球的适当和谐角色有影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	23个现有的夫妇属于人类最好的张的妻子和幽默 , 他的政治成员、态度和他的附近 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	随着涡轮往是温暖和透露 , 你的平均乔治亚看起来很多自我保持和储备 , 不完全与你的平均布里顿相似 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	显示了它的影像 , 试图吸引更少的振动棕色蜘蛛的注意力 , 生物显示黄色、绿色和蓝色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 我不会反对枪杀 , 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 我认为这是无形的 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省 , 与资源保护吗 ? 鱼 , 森林 , 矿物和石油吗 ? 外国人从 , 有时不公平 , 有时只剩下的货物 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校已经开始分开了一些教师的性质 , 说它已经消除了 " 桃花效应 " , 并提供更平等的教师 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	在回顾中 , kafka是一个不可能的尝试适应kafka的复杂性 , 并且在索伯格的代理试验 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界战争之后 , 亨利福特和普通汽车的汽车汽车从几个世纪来自欧洲企业的生产领导 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	例如 , 美国学校也需要改善他们的营养 。 例如 , 学校也可以提供许多人会考虑垃圾食品 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	然而 , 西方总统帕特里·弗朗说 , 今天晚上300多名作家在参加参加参加参加参加这项合同之后才会结束 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	摩西是一家著名的国内移动电话制造企业 , 因为a8 , 一个 " 将舞蹈 " 移动电话 , 2002年获得了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这可能有效 , 记住在大多数观察器状况下 , 每个组件都有一个小量的听众 , 而且注意力很大 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信仰有三种特色 , 如大量的马祖寺、丰富的诗歌和其与福建商务活动的密切关系 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这个硅小的性别小娃是2016年市场独特的设计 , 性爱的日本纯洁的女孩 , 女性真正的机器人 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:当时 , 穆斯塔奇的时候 , 他将会为圣弗纳多的山谷发掘的硅谷 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但是我们也许会给他带来更多的电影 , 而且在11岁的时候 , 他也许会在这里做 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的员工自治公司 , 而且在信息收购类别的两分之二 , 同意 " 良好的想法已经准备了 。 "
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条在平等主体物质之后 , 应当注意对象或他的头发或卫生人 , 除非对象不能定位 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	更多从&p500家公司收入和最高经济指标的经济指标将给予更多的证据 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	基于弹性压力数据预测了孔隙结构的基本参数 , 研究了水流量对孔隙结构的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察19例急性综合征综合征患者的抗水性药物和同步的心脏恢复治疗 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论nickel钛板固定和可调性板板骨折减少设备具有满意的疗效 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	2006年建立了深圳iemax电缆技术有限公司 , 是中国 " 结构解决方案 " 的领导供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油密封 , 模具橡胶部件 , 硅端 , 紧张传输车 , 灯光和重型的车辆 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人住宅 , 位于北京东城区 , 是一个传统的 " 河南 " 类型的住宅 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性赚钱由 , 女性金钱是不受限制的 , 却有同样的重和复杂的 , 艺术触摸是染色的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳市电信技术有限公司是一家研究、开发、销售、销售成为数字控制信息的专业led屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	通过双分子lipid成分 , 推导了植物细胞的影响 , 导致高电场的影响 , 导致微粒原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsack比波罗衬衫更明亮 , 线程颜色看起来很好 , 看起来太黑了 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第一条未来委员会委员会委员会的投资额不超过6%的客户端数量 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过测定单个或双层的多层弹性硅的测定 , 结果表明 , 制备的织物的弹性能都可以达到中低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动态波浪螺杆的机理、结构特点 , 介绍了其在硫酸和复合肥料生产中的应用 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是尽管如此 , 尽管政府的反应仍然是错误的 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	在分析的基础上 , 提出了青岛港口集团整体发展策略 。 最后 , 提出了许多建议增强团体竞争力 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	另外 , 在sziit监督员的观察方面 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验类的性能更为活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在36星期间 , 就来到一个婴儿死于或短期 , 父母同意捐赠婴儿的心 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司东手工有限公司的首席介绍是一家专业的企业专业生产与少数民族群体特色的专业企业 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	插件路由器级别没有需要维持会话ffffffffity , 如在请求时 , 请求将被关闭 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	随着对材料的可能性进行调查 , 包括回收玻璃、ucco和标记 , 建筑师设在石头最佳选择 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金 , 是一家投资服务 , 中国领导的资产提供商 , 以及天中资产管理的投资服务 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括四个部分 , 是gps不同的参考站、gps购买子系统、下水泵、运行数据处理中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为卢克霍姆的内容非常全面 , 我特别喜欢与前面的角度 , " 路易霍说 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:伤害肝脏和肾脏损伤 , 右肾静脉和2左肾动脉受伤 , 3例肾损伤 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	由于两种不同金属分离的两种不同金属分离的电源 , 形成了初始细胞 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的信 , 一个信给约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了她的牧师 , 这是我们的一本书 , 我们称之为 " 阿波斯托 " 父亲 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在西德国 , 外交部长汉迪亚特里克·基因斯科切割了所有核能源植物类似于切诺贝尔 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	根据单阶段、双阶段、多阶段和多阶段的设计 , 可以根据干扰、调节和冷却的需求 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 例如 , 是文件组织的一个知名元素 , 他们已经替代了 " 指令行动系统 " 的指令 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	电话 , 语法 , 声音 , 听 , 听说 , 阅读和写作技巧 , 实现基础 , 习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	法律基金缺乏法律基金 , 为了评估死刑事务的缺乏 , 导致灾难运作和保障 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 实验结果表明 , 速度强度事件的训练系统可以导致心脏形状和功能变化的显著性变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解决uwbfus系统中部范围的大时间jitter误差 , 提出了一种基于晶体频率分割的小时系统 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	据纽约的cpapackgorman创始人j.patrickgorman说 , 大公司正在提供相似的增长 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	研究人员参与了2 , 604个居民 , 日本研究人员对血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生的关系进行了考察 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法对37例患者进行相对探索信号的检查 , 方法37例 , 并且负面患者不会采取oledochochus探索 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	1984年以来 , 我曾与hitachi一起工作过25年的hitachi港 , 并且我期待我们的关系的继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	本研究介绍了一种简单、经济动态混凝土和冲击试验 , 为提高其质量的调查 , 提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变量矩阵 , 可以与不同混合数据相比 , 提出了一种系统位置的基础 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs已经从消费者和商业旅游者的价格上获益 , 从全球经济上流出来的低油价 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体特别是脆弱的 , 因为他们经常经历在治疗神经认知复杂期间 , 可能导致肿瘤本身的更多的实现 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 实验结果表明 , 实时识别内部模型的实时识别是基本满意的 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	这个措施是谁、联合国、联合国、美国红十字、美国疾病控制和预防中心的合作努力 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文重点讨论当代文学发展和认知策略的新现实主义小说的社会历史背景 , 并讨论当代文学发展和认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 阐述了美联政府腐败的腐败 , 来自niu " 先进政治思想和粗糙的官方职业 " 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	公司和企业也应注意雇员的心理健康 , 帮助他们通过学习和心理咨询 , 吴建议 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市大树现象的分析 , 阐述了城市景观森林的必要性和现状 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘剂 , 消毒剂和进口服 , 随着减少葡萄糖的释放而降低葡萄糖的最佳前提 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁融合的态度明显提示了不同的构造单位的宏观形态 , 与岩石单位的岩石形状和分布相关 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 戴金也不想卖好 , 他只想看他们可以做出任何回归 , 大家再也不会继承他的法官 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	进入muffffffffintin , 填补每个杯全两分之二 。 篮子在200c/375年加热2025分钟 , 或直到金棕色 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	此外 , 建立大气教学和学习大气的重要性 , 由创始人士保证良好的教学氛 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	文章讨论了内热炉实际运行和应用中的问题 , 分析了内热炉的原因 , 并提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨肾酸诱导的慢性临床负荷癫痫的关系 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某些程度来说 , 利用信号检测理论来解释法官的理想假设 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在有雷射弹性机理的情况下 , 抗旋转机理和扫描腕展示同步和自补偿之间的磨损 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进的遗传算法在解决高维、多元应变和非线性核问题的成功 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行管理人员和其他相关银行人员应该被调查 , 导致17000元的损失 , 所以为什么他们没有收费 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2来自多胺氧化介质介质中 , 高敏反应和防御基因的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	在开发阶段 , 建立了高风险和投资 , 改善运营流体的使用可能导致储备损害 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	美国 , 他认为 , 需要与伊朗和土耳其合作 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角 " 的活动将促进民主和战斗极端主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	这是在1987年被首位教育体系教育体系教育体系教育体系教育体系教育体系的难题 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这并不会抑制完全自由表达:这不会损失灵活性 ; 实体性 , 以及我们通信的重要性 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她走了 , " 我们是电工程师 , 我们真正需要更多的帮助 , 但是要获得更多的资金 , 我们需要更多的资金 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把妈的照片放在这里 , 她的jwelrybox右边 , " michele说 , 很幸运地有一个喜欢她的家庭 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他觉得瑜伽帮助更多的人与他们的身体和饮食习惯和意识到坏习惯 , 例如应激 , 或抑郁 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	那些在房间里工作的志愿者在一个灯泡里 , 与大量的荧光相比 , 解决了小说需要更成功的问题 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	星期二晚上 , 在卡扎菲的婴儿阿拉齐齐亚化合物报道 , 他在这里做了一个地址 , 这是第一次袭击 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	随着一定的假设 , 我们结论价格水平的关系 , 量子产生和成本参数相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	采用气储层的材料平衡方程 , 测定气藏的储备和ogip , 判断其驱动性能 , 并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	王慧看到唐糖家 , 唐丽和天天天看到唐糖回家后 , 建议把家装饰都可以空间 , 每个人都搬到村庄 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势显示 , 它从社会和文化积累与心理分离出来的关系 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本项目主要通过教育实践和核心教育实践 , 建立儿童数学认知的概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的t//s平均平均大约2.06 , 旗阶段出现了大约78岁 , 而冬季出现的最低出现了零 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	湖山工业经济被称为湖山现象的 " 湖山现象 " 的研究经济在今年上升 , 虽然是民族水平的贫困县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为美国军事战略不再关注在山上敌人战斗后 , 但在阿富汗赢得阿富汗和村庄 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者将会尽管他们得到准备 , 而当地教师认为外国人只是为了训练 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假设者是一个附近的太阳能酒店 , 花园和野鸡 , 然而 , 高度的旅程是看格林匹克人 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了混合油税的功能 , 讨论了物流产业的影响 , 并给出了相关对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	作为肯尼·tucker写道: " 最后 , 在他最伟大的时刻 , 他显示了我们最脆弱的时候 , 要求人 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	还是因为浮游孩子的手工 , 必须在信心上升 , 记住他们的家庭由丝绸和卢伦讨论业务 , 可以打开一条丝绸线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	添加叶片的绿色是一个容易添加颜色、黄色和营养品 , 在本周编写玛莎·罗斯·罗斯·布什曼 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何把自己作为一个员工作为考虑到竞争的员工 , 你可能会看到公司的一些正式化 , 以及你的参与 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是脆弱的、跳跃和理由 , 有人的距离声音 , 有人承诺称或反应在远距离的厚度 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	五年前 , 乔布斯先生正在治疗胰腺癌患者的治疗 , 到医疗叶 , 接受肝移植后可见重量损失 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	本方法提高了点传播函数的估计精度 , 建立了基于重点点传递函数的重点图像 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每一章都形成了整个马的知识 , 这个框架基本上是由基础上建立的 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 提出了对oql的查询优化模型 , 介绍了一些查询理论 , 并给出了它的实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	男性的遗传趋势下降了bdnf水平似乎失去了他们的能力 , 几乎没有变化 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们害怕私人雇主将削减jobs和许多人 , 尤其是那些用来获得他们的工资 , 都会失去他们的工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	与此同样 , 中国政府在政府政策上表示 , 中国政府宣布将从2008年6月出售自由塑料购物袋 , 从而有效 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	基于病例知识的小部分的研究方法 , 建立了几何特征和过程特征信息的对象方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	去年 , 财产资本公司投资了3.5亿美元 , 同时他们投资只有33000万美元的中国企业 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	液压设计的组成部分是喷雾式多平台 , 使电子设备位于黑帽前面 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	代表中国茶行业的希望 , 代表中国茶叶工业的希望 , 研究母亲的课程肯定比以前的日子更加脆弱 !
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种环境友好的防锈涂料 , 基于非毒性钙作为污染的抗锈皮片和磷酸盐作为辅助抗锈皮片 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地貌和地貌特征 , 北京沙地主要分为三种类型 , 是山地的转化区和平原的三种类型 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	介绍了地震特性的优化原理及地震优化方法 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	由于健康状况 , 老年成年人不能建议物理活动的数量 , 他们应该作为他们的能力和条件 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	lukacs在资本主义社会的普遍问题和资本主义社会的普遍存在 , 并从相反的方式来证明其整体的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	2000年至2004年最大的跨国公共汽车 , 是1.4862到1.518 , 这是中国城市系统大小的基本尺寸 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨中国和英国社会的历史比较 , 阐述了绝对贫困和相对贫困的现象 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油公司有限的安全管理已经变得更加强壮和石油的安全性能 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后根据可逆方案的特点 , 采用四个值dflip流作为核心组件设计四个同步反应对象的核心组件 。
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法庭发现 , 由于她没有一句 " 情绪障碍 " 的地方 , 因此不会因为犯罪责任而遭受伤害 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除了表示受伤的个人受伤 , 因此 , 我们也代表了健康疾病和血液纠纷的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制目标控制的可行性和潜在的作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要发现是以下:科技学院专业教育教师 , 将使用技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗布帕茨 , 克里斯·斯瓦特和其余的游戏已经在加拿大第三部电影拍摄 。 eclipse在2010年5月出现 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第十六条国家科技委员会应与其他部门关注 , 监督新技术产业开发区的高科技行业 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	管理文化对员工的工作运动的影响越来越广泛 , 但在文化运动与工作运动之间并不存在一个可行的框架 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	很难工作在这个粗糙的船里已经有30个多种水流 , 下面的东西和太阳花绘在厕所 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金在今年将其与其他商品相关 , 管理在一半的石油和铜堆上升 , 这反映了它的价值 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们正在突破传统生活模式来学校 , 会在爱上 , 买房子 , 买了一只小孩子......他们已经滑了一些步骤 , 增加其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接的数据结构保持了它的十二岁 , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 因此它可以减少节省并匹配模式 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你正在适当的位置 , 你需要放松你的绘画手臂肌肉 , 记住你绘画作家保持直线和前臂肌肉 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	尤其是 , 丰田星期一说 , 它已经扩大了美国的服务运动 , 以便在934 , 000辆车用六缸发动机覆盖934万辆 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但是它要求我推出一本书来了解更多的主题 , 或者与发送人数的电子邮件进行交换 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前的自然历史上 , yalal教授弗兰克教授说 , 如何更低的原因可以学到爱金 ; 一些甚至变成了潜在资本主义者 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	韩国的独立新闻非常稀少 , 但中国相应的达姆亚语法学家已经向北韩交往了 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保与仲裁、国家仲裁立法和民事立法相关的公正交易 , 所有的司法监督制度都有关仲裁裁 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲 , 阿洛斯认为 , 是一个女性和一个19岁的犹太人 , 这将使他感到荣耀的一个季节犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织表示 , 政府部队至少有41名民事人员 , 包括在中央抗议赫尔法亚的20名中央抗议人 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	本地官员告诉记者 , 反应要求的报纸 , 一天的旅游将包括访问北川高中 , 学生被埋在垃圾中 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	就像幸运一样 , 就有一个女人在那里有一个名叫贝尔的女人 , 足以分享东西的不幸的人 , 而她也不太糟糕 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , 则使用xmx值的25%的xmx值是最大护士尺寸 , 而护士的尺寸被允许在25%之内 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一是美国并没有寻求的冲突之一 , 另外一个国家包括美国的42个国家的努力 , 以保护自己和全国进一步攻击 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	一个美元的商店还没有打开 , 所以我进入没有飞机 , 所以我拿了两杯yogurt , 告诉我一些季度 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本请求的框架中 , cen和cenec将开发一个或几个级别标准包含各种类型的能量相关产品 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	这种方法分为两个工作程序 , 在光轮集成过程中 , i.e , 表面切割是前程序 , 挤出加工是稍后的 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 在6月2日举行的私人监管和政府会议 , 包括印度商务委员会 , 这将举行35个年会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电视市场不会被允许称为国家捐款名单上的任何数字 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人相关 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的药物有限于分离区域 ; 除了富有的颗粒和巴拉那外 , 没有可逆的损害 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	一个更危害的设备 , 流行在美国 , 是一个不稳定的光箱瓶 , 用硫酸来处理化学物质 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦境中 , 她被一个女人告诉 , 一些藏人也可以通过计算机监测屏幕来看到网站的内容 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是高度个人知识 , 积累了一个体验财富 , 无法让系统曝光 , 这是不能感觉的 , 但不能在词中解释 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这个类型的场景通常发生在想驱动业务的时候 , 更改企业提供了积极的赞助 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家的 " 扩展的eps系统 " -360提供了市场领导、侧面和重新影响 , 使它是最安全的helmet 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	北京艺术品销售中心建立于1995年 , 建立了世界上最大的艺术家社区 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	奥萨帕的成员开放到学校出版商和专业出版组织 , 包括大学压力和非盈利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何运行诊断和治疗设备 , 特别是医学的分支 , 但他们也在紧急干预技术中培训 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	三个结构组装的水防管是dzl型热水锅炉的一种新思想 , 两步的系列注射技术在此类锅炉中应用 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐款允许一个桥梁 , 两座山之间的墙壁终于走到学校 , 穿着他的姐妹想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	西北部的冷却速度都是热带气候变化的热带温度和湿度 , 是一个典型的热热热热热热热热带气候变化 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	通过化学热力学手段 , 研究了非氧化强酸的溶液的溶解性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	分析了转子窗口的原因、危害和形成过程 , 提出了一种常见的循环操作的各种方法 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人在上周告诉华尔街日记 , 公司不能规则取代osi供应商的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一个规则 , 这个趋势将在第三周中间转向第三周 , 最近在第三个星期 , 股票只有3周 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	阐述了一种可显著的抗癌效应和提供其他营养效益 , 讨论了clas多功能多功能多功能及其病因 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本的osakasangyo大学公布了6月10日正式论坛 , 因为一个员工称为儒家文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	第一条背景已经感到了 " 奥运会 " 的第一条刺激 , 这将会让18000名运动员和官员在游戏中获得18000名 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	组与组i组之间的细菌数量显著差异显著 , 清洁手术效果明显优于洗手 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在一个年轻的妇女没有物理发现指示恶性 , 病人应该返回3至10天后 , 开始决定如果肺回归 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机控制的空间干预研究可能有助于进一步解决血管炎患者的疗效 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我知道 , 在我国住在一个志愿者的时期 , 南方行动不会被列出任何问题或内容 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	在gnome中最处理菜单之一是服务器进入的连接之一 , 这允许用户可以迅速连接任何服务器 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山脉的足部 , 国际种类附近到阳光大学 , 位于一个好的环境 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:采用3例诱导的脊柱样本 , 比以3例胃洗衣诊断肿瘤患者的诊断更敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中于蒙古亚的盟友 , 旨在巩固其在俄罗斯战争中获得稳定状态 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们有很多图片 , 因为我们驾驶过德克萨斯 , 新墨西哥 , 阿里萨 , 加利福尼亚 , 尼拉多 , 科罗拉多 , 以及所有的途径 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但是它反映了过去世界公平的事实 , 上海博览主要是印象国内观众 , 超过90%的访客来自主机国家 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的一天我开始好 , 但是在半个马拉逊我开发了肌肉 , 导致我下降的标准 , 这导致我的右膝盖坏了 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	两个以色列人 , 上海波勒 , 医疗工程师 , 爱德伊夫博士 , 一个专门的气候学家 , 加入一个基于安全的工程团队来帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	照片看着窗户 , " 这是提醒我那部电影中的家庭在一个小镇里 , 突然来到夜里吃 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	根据科技创新的实施 , 中国应该进一步探索和发展 , 为了保证更多的储备 , 降低油进口 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	见证和安全摄像机的视频建立了一个像年轻人穿着珍妮和趋势的衬衫 , 熊和枪 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	一般的目的是 , 单移复杂的qz算法并不在linpack或eispack中开发 , 为所有复杂的代价问题 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员对欧洲工作协议、工作时间、婚姻状况、年龄、年龄、工作自治关系进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	好的购物和自由餐厅 , 直到晚上 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的餐厅 , 这是上海更有时尚的商店 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高生产效率 , 必须结合传统服装制造业的身体措施、模式设计和服装 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	由于相关权威的相关合同所批准的税收减税项目 , 相关合同的相关费用不会被授予 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前的混合比例通常使用正交试验 , 在很多实验和可避免的浪费中 , 缺乏实验的需求 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿病饮料中 , 每天只有1.1磅的每天都与1.1磅的重量损失6个月和1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 中国有很严重的灾难 , 因此 , 冻结和长期监测是提供潜在灾难的参考信息 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了分子结构、代谢、组织分布及其抗癌功能及可能机理 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:直接表现为9例 , 无规则的中央或内部中心狭窄 , 无规则填充缺损1例 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑器允许您在启动期间进行导航菜单 , 自动检查 , 并允许您设置优先的font 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	模拟高头与重力通风的垂直速度 , 运行的大速度和前面的密度密切相关 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	食品生产中使用生物技术生产的gm食品的组成部分有很多好处:饲养植物的过程和动物的需求 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	由于军事服务 , 马克维先生把战争作为威尔马特 , 申请英国、意大利、芬兰和乌托拉维 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强的是 , 必须用贝尔兹布布布布布斯驱动devil , 如说 , 给予对策 , 为了支持建立的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	下面有一个绝对的艺术标准 , 意味着每个个人都有独特的感觉 , 每个人都是不能复制的 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗表示 , 这种蠕虫被用来攻击电脑 , 在它的公共核反应堆 , 已经有广泛的规模 , 这个规模已经破坏了植物 , 一些伊朗密切 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转移关键相比 , mdcsk具有多级数字信号可以通过多个加密参数编译的优点 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、障碍者以及使用和实现创新策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	由hsqldldbutil.runscriprotototool反应创建一个方法名称的启动 , 它获得了该项目、主要名称和命令的参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥林匹克·瓦特和世界记录者阿里巴瓦宣布 , 她是从运动中获得一定的突破 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易秘书法可以被视为贸易秘书的利益分布和司法选择之间的公共利益和贸易秘书所有者的垄断利益 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战斗机似乎已经准备把大量人吹起来 , 为了增加一个目标 , 例如高级政府官员或警察首席 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	x射线微镜是用软射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 它填充了光学和电镜之间的距离 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	浙江三能源集团是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业生产烟草萃取物 , 索兰醇和尼古两大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了改善眼睛位置的正确率 , 提出了一种对面边界的限制算法和多级眼睛检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	文章摘要:研究微型氧化锌金属玻璃的组织兼容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场gilberto已经停止了丹尼森 , 他的成功者在枪手中场 , 以获得巴西国家队的呼吁 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在少数c.i.a官员中 , 知道延迟和接口程序的细节之中 , 有一个十分紧张的辩论 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 开放的态度信息我们 , 后来 , 萨米拉伊被失业 , 并在寻找工作的国家 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感觉很灰色 , 深深深深深深深地对他的视野、解放、戴娜和尊重给美国带来佛教 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	simonellson是反病毒公司诺顿的安全专家 , 强调它的关键是改变密码并避免重复 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测量 , 钢烟表面处理只有0.008相对反射 , 吸收装置可以作为理想的涂料 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学院的形象是中国传统古代文化的特殊现象 , 具有特殊的美学价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制度是汉武迪的原始创造基础 , 为秦代官员监管监管和控制 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 另外一位博客 , 周商 , 共享他的印象:美国政府和北京必须完全不同的工作 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了促进这些地区的恐惧应用 , 必须合成高饱和磁化颗粒合成的单体超级磁场 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声性b患者进行超声b和外观镜检查 , 然后在眼镜下提取外观体 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理阿德拉·巴达维正面对他的辞职 , 他的规则联盟失去了关键的地方 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在电影之前 , 摄影师曾经经经经经经在波尼亚州的战争中遇到战争的困难 , 因为他扔掉了电影 , 赢得他奖励 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	综述了转换rol衍生物的结构活性与药理性能 , 作为一种潜在的化学代理 , 并对其进行了综述 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九条代理的责任 ; 指令代理应当按照原则进行信任 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自从那时 , 我们的双边关系已经出现了相当的成就感谢两方努力的努力 。 两国在顶部和其他水平的频繁接触 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 拉迪克·普里亚·普里亚波德在使用的综合价值已逐渐改善了工业生产的重要官方和原材料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他是家庭提供物质的唯一手段 , 或是他是一个全职学校的学生的学生 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	因此 , 分枝的厚度对青树有很大的影响 , 与其生存率、增长条件和年轻的商业率有直接的影响 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本文描述了三维实际扭曲几何模型的定量模拟 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的克隆生长建筑 , 古拉和阿尔兰克里亚蒙古马克隆人口研究的最佳材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯基德是纽约世界贸易中心世界贸易中心的最大规划 , 预计将面临多年的延迟和巨大的成本 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃自由的ampoule是由一个pice模拟聚乙烯或聚丙烯单元组成 , 仍然是与用户激活的 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对我国医学教育的问题 , " 五名知名学者 " 是保持中国医学教育的主要组成部分 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和雷克尔·霍夫曼曾在四个月内工作 , 在地震中心的慈善中心委员会的工作 , 遭受损害 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与世界上相比 , 中国的事故并不高于学生和二级学校的学生 , 更严重 , 是治疗的缺乏 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口增长了1% , 近40%的增长是由于外国人口进入美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	欧洲危机的损害已经达到了他们的经济 , 并通过17个国家的单一货币地区来说 , 欧洲危机已经做出了严重的损害 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	18.07%的ip饮食饮食饮食饮食水平和最高的n消化率发生在18.07%的ip饮食 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	" 另外 , 吉利亚还揭示 , 在许多电影中 , 最喜欢的是我们的厨房 " , 她甚至有最好的压力金牌 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是稳定发展 , 吸收了冬季的原则 , 在变化行业和市场上 , 他们正试图采取流动的视野和稳定的建议 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统 , 不可能林肯 , 在紧急情况下 , 制造了宪法 , 因为当林肯悬挂在民事战争的外面 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人说在生活中 , 汽车不能卖掉 , 因为老人和谷歌六个 " 经济危机 " 最终被消除 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清楚动物研究与祖母hip替代之间的连接 , 父亲的经营一个婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至是宠物的鞋子 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk后移植失败的危险因素是冠状血管化 , 移移植 , 阿菲亚或伪造症 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	几乎所有在这个寺庙里都是消费的 , 包括它的民族布局和大多数人常常记录它的收藏 , 35 " 为销售 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 几乎每一部分工业 , 从上游到下游 , 完全是印度农民 , 厂主和工人、销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰并不不会变 , 直到今天 , 除了那些没有玩家 , 就像艾森和发送人一样 , 还有赫夫科和马里 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对景观建筑设计的案例分析 , 阐述了用来参考的文学流程的意义 , 例如超bole、定义和符号化 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了捐赠贫民对接收者的调查 , 动物聚合植物已经进化了各种颜色特征 , 污染调查是它们之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定把我们读到旅游之后 , 我不相信我们会遇到任何额外的障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	菲尼·硬铁2分 , 包括三秒左翼的比赛 , 正如奥兰多魔术破坏了冠军火箭9290 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	巴黎投资合作伙伴马丁·弗里德森说: " 其他人会在cd或超fe资产中受到更大的危险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一条土地将增加森林覆盖率为4.1% 。 前面的水路、农场和其他绿色潜力 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说的例子中 , 浪漫的视觉往往表达自己的形式 , 称为 " 浪漫 " 、情感和象征形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的一个是在2005年举行的第一次 , 在我们收到了2000万美元 , " 拉格回忆道 , " 这个数字超过了我们的期望 。
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 真的是 , 现在我并没有什么事情 , 比如汉明或格林应该这样的小伤害 , " 26岁的官方赛季告诉他们 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2中 , 设置n到b或更高的内存布局 , 它不再使用分享库d和fre共享库 , 并允许它们用于本地存储或mmapping 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	然而 , 如果我们在这个方面固定了对抗文化的一个方面 , 那么它的神秘倾向和原则的幸福 , 我们就不会正义到运动的深大大意义 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	霍斯顿电子系统成功测试了一定类型细菌的安全系统 , 使用超暴力辐射来杀死9% 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 虽然正义的决定和完整性已远超过复制 , 但他的历史上被封闭的方法限制了他对法庭的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	吃:食物丰富 , 因此 , 包括饮食 , 豆 , 棕米 , 柠檬 , 橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	宝的财务总裁jennifer李说: " 中国音乐迷 , 记录艺术家和记录公司都会从这个赢得合作 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线被广泛安装 , 第一家公司要做 , 美国只有长距离服务 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	通过理论和实践角度对象分析了交易机制的特点、特点和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清除和反应阶段的患者 , 分泌氨基氨基氨基酶和hbvdna水平 , 为抗病毒治疗的候选人 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 在第四个城市里 , 第二个只是销售haier、账户的13% , 这显示公司的未来性能将很大提高 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	13和19页面的子para图1、13、19页面图1、19页面没有应用 , 发布人已经在公开批准其普通公司债券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	例如 , 我们剩下的一些事情是例如jsp标签库支持gsp , 可能支持jpa作为插件 , 并改善我们的单位测试基础设施 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	法国富有丰富的弗拉夫和蝴蝶纺织品是法国传统的圣诞品 , 尽管在今年的南方吃得更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	另外 , 高级决策的重要性 , 复合性和传递能力需要知道在球场上运行时 , 还是不会被抓住 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道: " 坐在电视上可能不会让孩子看上去 , 但是一个孩子可能坐在电视上 , 因为他或她近乎诊断 。 "
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作幸福 , 路沈承诺帮助克希玛的销售渠道 , 帮助路长期的岛屿 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次 , 这种大冰岛形成于1962年 , 爱金华湾的冰岛 , 更小的地方都是在真正的岛之间 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能工业炉的开发和应用 , 例如加热炉、热处理炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果大学毕业生从来没有看到声音陌生 , 那么ou被认为英国最大的大学生与20000多名学生进行考虑 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏经验和实践知识 , " 杨小说 , 作为他的职员们在希望申请者的挑战 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 在美国和国际社区的数年之后 , 大多数年龄的同性殖民卡扎菲似乎被西方重建 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c和保护光照射下 , 没有释放np的动力学 , 影响了thiol的建设和空间结构的影响 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	使用 " 蔡云 " 特殊座位特殊座位的功能和卫生保护功能 , 各种短缺和重新注册 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个主要因素形成了一个系统 , 科学操作可以产生良好的教学结果 , 这种科学操作也是教学创新特殊措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	在这个颜色失败之后 , 战斗将军的叛逆转为恐怖和逃离在他的个人帝国星的外部战士 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监控收集了有用的信息 , 例如在一个月内的ecr状态询问事务 , 数量的ecrs 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	在接受报告后 , 韩汉联盟主席参加了49分钟的职工会长 , 当他在52分钟之后 , 接受该报告 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	家庭的护理团队由几个护士组成 , 每天早上跳进小卡车 , 旅游到社区的健康需求 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	身体清洁器的特殊喷雾系统实现了两个状态的水喷雾 , 使体清洁范围和体清洁度改善 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	他们的航空场景在机场上 , 随着飞机场的飞机 , 他们的城市从飞机上被广播到日本公共广播的nhk 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个金色锁着 , 看起来很厚 , 却很严重的地方 , 紧紧紧 , 脖子 , 脖子 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	在150个业务调查中 , 两分之二的调查显示他们的团体促进利润仍然是第三次声称在他们的团体经验上失去的钱 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安妮:是的 , 可是qatar还可以穿着他们的银牌 , 真的是一个黑马 , 它就在另一半决赛中打败伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家 , 通过它的电影来判断电影 , 指责张先生应该去亚洲演员的一部分 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运地 , 如极端程序和敏捷开发的概念已经使得很多相同的利益没有完整的代码 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	根据矩阵组织、研究方式和非边界组织的现状 , 今天我们选择了基于给定的环境和目标 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	根据不同的味道 , 味道包含许多喷泉、猪肉风险产品和降水泉洋葱 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	这种自由人和汉人的感觉很伤害了自由人和汉人的感觉 , 同时 , 在学术意识上 , 变化了历史的真正面貌 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这永远不会是 , 永远不会在现有的继续 ; 当时 , 当我们在分离的列表中鼓励我们 , 这个友谊会保存我们的身份 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 这些人在36个爱情社交网络 , 希望支付它 , 年轻的成年人期望移动内容 , 尤其是自由 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号在一个非常高频率和两个样本之间的差别被定义到数字信号 , 信号码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	对于我来说 , 我觉得 , 我总是有成功的 , 个性是现实 , 但我喜欢阴影 , 让我真的是我的错误吗 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	在两十年之后 , 95%的元素merry在填充表面上已经经过化学反应 , 它变成了黑色固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18个公园的位置 , 是一间紧急柴油产生器和电设备的电气室 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	美国人 , 生活视频流量服务 , 最近感谢一个hibau的小朋友 , 只是宣布了一个新的白色网络流动视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:sock、电路断路器、dcjack、数字开关、直接开关、微开关、电路开关、微开关等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他在数字媒体生产中有超过10多年的经验 , 还有视频和声音 , 他旅游广泛、追求长期的项目 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于castrol的提高历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳的发动机性能增加 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	国民平均价格现在上升了四美元的气体标志 , 最高平均价格就像阿拉斯加州、连接和华盛顿国家 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米系统的小小小尺寸必须被视为强烈的领域 , 这使非线性反应非常重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可以保护h2o2o2受伤的内皮细胞 , 可以在预防和治疗缺血缺血的一定作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	讨论了1、4doxan含量测定的方法 , 讨论了利用总空气色谱的因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	所以 , 穿着一个温暖的浪漫新家 , 一个温暖的婚姻床 , 自然变成了优先的 , 传统部门正在床上 , 所以需要一个池塘 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	根据其它生理现象的频率来说 , 随着精神节点的增加 , 根据其它生理现象的频率滤波效应 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常检查特定的规则收集 , 那么您可能希望将它们结合到自己的规则文件中 , 如清单2所示 , 这个规则将基本、名称和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年2月14日 , 一名警察员编制了一名绿色的成员 , 作为一名参与国际鲸鱼委员会的鲸鱼会议 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	利用比较优势解决我国食品市场的平衡和需求的平衡问题 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	总结了高桥桥钢筋混凝土在控制和预防措施的基础上 , 建立了高桥钢筋混凝土的构造和原因 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为了防止和解决贸易团体 , 必须扩大公民参与 , 改革了行业的治理结构 , 构建机制的利益 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北部 , 六个绝对都是寺庙 , 还有一些很强的dwell , 还有十个宫殿绅士驾驶十个宫殿 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨机器人cr2辅助系统在三维神经性神经疾病的微异常和临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称 , 金牌 。 照片一起 , 看zany照片在你学习比赛、比赛、标准和对称 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到油气和气体使它丰富 , 开始于1960年代 , 这个小型 , 保罗特·潘克拉特·佩斯尔斯卡斯卡斯尔斯伤害了一个拥有的城镇 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另外一个观点是 , 正如卡梅隆先生现在把它放在 " 革命主义 " , 同时也取得了她的目标 , 通常没有广告 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	1991年退休后 , 他保持了一个低档文件 , 尽管是有奖励 , 他被妻子存活 , 高度被北京戏剧歌手janging 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	据研究表明 , 世界上最受欢迎的网站 , facebook , 成员花了20亿分钟 , 达到了36%的56% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	尤其是一位名叫做simctmymuus , 匿名的anglicanopponent攻击了这些六名预言部长 , 但攻击milton 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个不知名的原因 , 有时他在他推广到格拉姆总统的时候 , 他坐在地球上 , 帮助他在精英帝国的训练 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的进口形式和女性 , 星巴克从它的开放经济和麦当劳德的女性分离出来 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子将来自最高的原子轨道 , 这是最高的能量 , 因为这将是最高的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我喜欢坐在我身边的时候 , 我的眼睛下降了 , 夜的黑暗 , 风吹出灯光 , 云飘过星云 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你这是坏的 , 希望在谷歌搜索结果中总是坏 , " 谷歌搜索结果 " 写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	尼桑的首席创意部长 , 研究室将 " 提高我们的产品竞争力 , 亚洲汽车产业继续看到鲁棒增长 " 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当你用这只胳膊时 , 请仔细打开在脖子和pppette10ml , 进入250毫升的压力平板 , 带来的压力 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不能看到只是猪肉银行 , " kevinleayleay说 , 一个权威与人员的任务相关的角色xon历史 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过对不同的超声衰退过程进行分析 , 给出了高温生产率和最终超声波动的一般公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数地方审美使用临床上是相对水性分子 , 通过扩散或细胞膜来获得它们的锁定位 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81例加强钢纤维增强混凝土梁和6例加强钢纤维增强扫描梁的测试 , 以确定模型的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	网站还使用一个自定义版本 , 开源博客服务器apacherollerweblogerverver版本4.0.0.0.2 , mqltm数据库服务器和memcached 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	比萨尔的看着600米高的建筑 , 自我足够的水和能量 , 由贝尔吉亚设计人员透露 , 并将根据纽约的罗斯福岛 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 箱子 " 仍然坚持给了这个面临著名的收藏来解决水中的出现 , 更好地告诉每个人 , 瑜伽饮料一起 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	给出了它的噪声和肌肉矛盾的影响 , 瓶子似乎是一种吸引力的代理 , 反对慢性的头痛或紧张的头痛 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母行为放在一个重量的范围内 , 那么会决定你如何在建立健康自尊vs 。
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	他说: " 时间是最大的问题 , 中央政府对当地政府的一般原则都没有特定的标准 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法避免 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	这个虚拟器图像上面 , 其中是格兰多河的宏观形象 , 显示了彩色河的破碎模式 。 红色的植物在图像中创建 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 未知过的石油贸易鲸类 , 因此 , 遗传分析已经确定了鲸鱼的最近生活 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维组织图表构建来自加强混凝土 , 每个课堂或工作时都会有分别的体积 , 允许环境从整个院校看到 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	二十世纪末期发展的 " 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 是影响人民在全球化时代的出现阶段 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的环境相比 , 标准环境相比 , 使人们在标准数码模式编写邮件代码 , 为提高信件的效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规范的水珠、南阳珠、新鲜水珠、半孔松珠、3/4松梨珠和玉米 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是通过建筑设计 , 提高生态、效率、经济效率和经济效率 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	基于大量波孔数据的基础上 , 分析了中级标准覆盖特性、覆盖性、覆盖时间 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	作为一个例子 , 采用最大轨迹优化的两个阶段球误差 , 并对原始和最优跟踪进行了比较 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开放源项目的基本原因 , 没有关闭的资源部门 , 这是我们没有兴趣的销售或支持它 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	在洪水季 , 一些物种都被洪水淹没 , 只有一些高度的草地存活 , 主要的物种属于微小和周期 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	而他们每个人都被头部抓住了他的剑 , 然后把他的手放在一起 , 所以他们一起倒下来 , 所以地方被称为 " 吉布隆 " 的地方 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述了 " 内血管内血管时代的神经科学院治疗的一系列病人 。 "
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	政府和农村地区的公共货物的平衡已经成为影响城市和农村地区的深层原因 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过权利和侧向 , 通过液压力液压水力系统的水力液压系统进行分析 , 指出了水压系统存在的问题 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 因此 , 国外的批评将会看到今天的数据和争议 , " 香港的经济学家贝恩·斯普弗弗弗弗弗弗弗说 。
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行的比例是9月底的健康1.6% , 而且这两家大银行的数字比其他两个大银行都是公共交易的 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于子文件和过滤后注射算法 , 以估算广泛自适应中心的对象分散中心的方法 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我是一个孩子在北达科塔的时候 , 我母亲为她的五个孩子做的时候 , 她把热带放在纸塔上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于发射、完成轧制、表面的温度、涂料在热轧厂实践中被考虑 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一个9亿美元的法律评估hsbc二次雇佣kpmg , 一个会计公司 , 证明madof先生 , 但当担心时 , 银行失败 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	除了等待伦敦的消息 , 还是从他的母亲的谷歌上拍出一些爱和珍贵的国家悲剧 , 在这里 , 整个故事都是在他之前 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟的商业 , 他曾经去澳大利亚 , 一个数百英里的撒瓦纳河 , 而且他已经走到了这座城市 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	陕西省农药病毒病毒的调查和鉴别结果显示 , cmv、电视、电视、电视、电视、电视和bwv是混合感染的一部分 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	在19世纪初 , 马菲亚王子的后一条条条件被称为 " 祖国酒店 " 的诞生日 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997年以来 , 我国安全基金的行政安全基金 " 自1997.111年以来 , 我们的安全基金已经得到了较好的结果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	印度东部的一城 , 建于1610年 , 被乌伦布的皇家人口284607人口附近 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主要课程选择外 , 波尼俱乐部提供了一种反映中海和海鲜影响 , 例如奥斯特斯特、萨尔蒙和prawnfritter 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另外一个见证 , 乌里没有给他最后的名字 , 告诉俄罗斯的国家运行第一个通道电视 , 震波很强 , 把他扔到地板上 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列人说 , 只有在他们攻击后用手枪 , 发布了一名视频显示士兵 , 从直升机和俱乐部 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	分析了9种生态类型的59个日本稻米总量 , 并对f1混合物的主要质量特征进行了分析 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	俄罗斯·弗雷德 , 印度家庭在查德卡尔修建了他们的公寓 , 以分离男性和女性空间 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了理解问题外 , 他的心理健康和物质滥用问题 , 低收入国家有很少心理健康专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言相对合并的问题往往会变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员确认x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	一个白色学生作为研究参与者的研究参与者提出了一个关于黑色参与者的评论 , 他简单地留下了房间 , 显示出来自极端的种族小板 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论腹腔切除术中只有足够的子宫脂肪的成熟 , 还是把橡胶排放在腹腔切除术中的简单、有效的方法 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同的npt的氧供应和氧需求的重要因素 , 但在重新考虑时 , 脑温变化是影响氧供应和氧的重要因素 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京警方预计将在国内暴力交流 , 作为法律师穆尔将在法律保护妇女权利和利益 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 双氧化酶改善了大豆饮食纤维生物的处理工艺 , 测定了磷酸酶的最佳范围 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	fitch表示 , 希腊银行在东欧和土耳其增加了收入的多样性 , 但这来自更多的革命经济 , 一些也经历了衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河流追踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀爬和东方会晤室外的幸存 , 很多技能 , 只有它的个人成员 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	bilberry是蓝莓的密切相关 , 被称为它的黑色紫色 , 自然包含甲烷化物 , 帮助支持健康的眼睛功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	没有问题:微软的手柄和窗口7.甚至在beta形式上没有问题 , 公司的新桌面os正在从博客角度收集 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	累及可预测的答案如 " 我是一个艰苦的工作者 " 和 " 我被新机会学习 " 在工作采访时 , 你应该考虑ododball问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	冯元54是浙江省农业研究学院、林海种子站的新型中间混合稻米 , 由台州农业研究院开发 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们要求问题 , 给出s2如给出 , 如何最大化这个表达 , 作为后面的女士说 , 我将会分别 , 然后我会把事情等于0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他主要的地质转移 , 姚花了大学四年的学校准备进入考试的人力资源学位 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺乏是心理描述是总体的 , 可以是行动、rub描述等 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 本文将看起来更多的vivivivid 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一家专业的电缆制造商 , 国王信号产品主要服务移动通信、数字微波通信、空间、多媒体和军事 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	5.p.m探讨了tsims海军路上的文化融化熔池 , 建立了另一个重大的卡尔瓦电影 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 人生信号稳定 , 代谢支持显著 , 指出我们建造的生物官方肝支持系统是安全、稳定和效率 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在左边的情况下 , 一个缺乏实际上移动企业意味着改变努力从未能证明成功的政策制造商 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	一种湿度的磷酸净化剂 , 包括:第一步 , 用热水来提取有机溶剂 , 然后空气热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品的设计基于16世纪欧洲和其他eras , 可以修改和个人客户的欲望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	蔡元北是一个伟大的思想家 , 教育家和革命者 , 从他的思想、词和行为 , 我们可以知道他的伟大的思想 , 哲学家的角色和伟大的男性 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	发展生态旅游的优势是环境、植物、历史和文化 , 必须注意一些问题 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双品牌rna生产过后的基因沉淀技术 , 用于对石油植物产生的相对比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据周一报道 , 中国仍然是世界上2个最大的经济 , 随着1.42亿美元的gdp , 与日本的1.37亿美元相比 , 人们的日常每天的1.37万美元 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	民族抗恐怖主义委员会称 , 特别军队杀死了2名军事和部队 , 并且在莫斯科的郊区进行第三个人 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道固定和电子微镜观察了一种典型的形态变化模式 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:对164例患者进行重组教育、心理意见、娱乐活动、各种心理学支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 分析了浙江诗歌写作意义的分析 , 证明了诗歌的原因 , 可以实现观众的角度和价值 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行压力地把贷款转向贫困国家的财政部长 , 从薪酬困难、急救失业 , 因此内部不利 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以在大程度上存储在目标区域 , 结果表明 , 非目标区的密度可明显降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	从多个角度来看 , 通过多个角度来看 , 运动的收集证据 , 风格已经没有迅速 , 他准备对尼乌卡进行对话 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	泉江盆地水污染主要来源于国内废水 , 然后非点源污染也是产业贡献的重要原因 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文试图通过对儒家主义、道主义、莫哈主义等思想的影响 , 探讨军事主义思想的文化根源 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 修复的组织代表了水平、平滑滑和平面 , 与外部地区的环境相结合 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	为了探讨椎体和肺脂血栓形成的关系 , 探讨水泥注射速度和pmma泄漏的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	2007年8月12日 , 美国防御工业协会和能源协会的原型模块电源系统显示了一类原型的原型模块电源系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国冶金集团参观了一家铜矿的地点 , 前一家以来的卡布尔东南部的铜矿公司 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态 , 快速的治疗速度 , 健康的皮肤细胞与前面的3倍的非acid皮肤修复器的表面 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	如何酷酷的欢迎在沙迪房间的美丽绿色的美丽的玻璃 , 带着色彩 , 外面的圆形是太阳的圆形 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿宣布了利比亚反叛运动的分裂 , 并且她说的是第一个 " 阿拉伯联盟 " 为反大使军事支持提供的政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	由于lbj的 " 伟大的社会 " 等时 , 一个 " 自由 " 是有人声称赞财政和支出其他人 " 自由 " 的钱 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	由于微软联合国保罗·安伦创造了50000万美元 , 从2003年开始 , 所有的机构已经成了一个更少的人类大脑 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦人说: " 日底 , 设立和平是两个平轨道 。 以色列不能设定和平 , " 谈判者萨伯·埃克说 。
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老女人说 , " 世界上只有一个方式 , 这样你永远不会重新发出来 , 你必须留下二十年 , 不要说话 。 "
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	一个可编辑的艺术功能 , 开放的谷歌欢迎所有的商人参加全民主、赞誉、热爱和潜在的生活改善 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	今天发布的查姆家庭研究表明 , 非法的锁定在卡梅隆、印尼亚和巴西亚上十年之间降低了50%和75% ;
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺为了保持更好或更糟糕的那些 , 为了更糟糕或更糟糕的那些 , 在病和健康中 , 为了让我们感到痛苦 , 直到死亡 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京 , 北京17号预算 , 15个当地时 , 新华 , 匈牙利首都预算 , 一个被人杀死了三个妇女死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	如果你选择雇佣移民代表的移民代表 , 检查cics在移民页面的网页 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学的实践特征是马克思主义哲学的重构 , 内在包含了批评的方向和建设的实践解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究的系统不仅可以显示文件和故障 , 而且可以应用gis功能 , 分析自动生成地质文件和故障的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从一个新的角度 , 本文提出了一种基于远程传感图像的多特性 , 以获得基于pxel的分析方法的限制 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会已经进入自动增长的峰值时期 , 车主在车上花更多时间 , 空气污染不能忽视 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph的射线扫描活动 , 降低功率 , 总纯化合物的数量、抑制效应对氢氧和超氧离子辐射的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , 赌博也引入了中国的其他先进产品 , 包括主袋 , 内容化合物 , 感染颜色 , 气体和特殊钻孔流体 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但是 , 可以一个聪明的网格或精度农场 , 在机器信息彼此 , 使后来决定 , 显著降低能源使用 , 因此 , 温室气体污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	任务 " 发现和视图患者记录 " 可能由大多数组织使用 , 同时也可以使用 " 创建和更新患者记录 " 的任务 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	采用结构光源的主要缺点是 , 它不能获得光源的数据 , 或不能通过光源来消耗 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件dlet.tml被称为该插件的内容 , 这个文件将提供在eclipse左面的层次信息 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	提出了数据挖掘的许多隐私存储算法 , 包括协议规则、分类规则、集群等 , 但几个算法都是外观测的 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女性和男人在一个简单的任务 , 例如搜索关键或做数学问题时 , 女性意义显著地表现了男人 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	没能从129个法律师的支持下来 , 联合到奥萨瓦先生的选举反对韩先生的任务 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改善路由免疫:合作集中在减少警察和措施的疾病 , 也帮助建立更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	gbag博的出口表示 , 在西非洲联盟总统的首席表示 , 威拉·莱恩总统的发言人 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育可能不必要 , 但是你可以在门上获得足够的进步 , 更好地与自动培训和柴油技术项目的基本培训 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了更换健身金牌 , 请通过区域休闲服务办公室或运动中心来向卡发送 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	大宝宝峰 " 大西洋 , 肉 , 厚 , 色彩丰富 , 丰富的色彩 , 味道丰富 " 和 " 中国名法 " 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:回顾天津10例医院呼吸道感染的临床资料和抗生素耐药性 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	简要介绍了水性表面和药物减少的原理 , 简要综述了这种水性表面的新途径和最近进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效分类和准确分类已经提高了321年的磨削效率 , 因此提高了321年的运行轨道 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我寻找一个 " 出口 " 的时候 , 我是由黄江的头部 , 为我带来了一个灵活的女儿 , 现在几乎5个月了 。
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	除了清洁技术外 , 可以使用无需的塑料同步洗净 , 用现代压水洗净 , 或软洗净 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	他们的眼睛里有美元的教授总是宣布最新的革命管理技术的出生或最热门的新闻集团的发现 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	星期二的瑞典已经是戏剧性的 , 在一份报告显示美国在8月回到了第一次的扩展 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	伯克利亚大学的建筑师马里里奥说 , 建筑部的建筑部是最优秀的 , 这里有40%的升级 。
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	法国建筑师jacquerie的设计由法国文化机构组组组组组组组组组组成 , 由美国国家文化机构组组组组组组组成 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放的空间 , 四个在桌子中间的桌子里 , 一个年轻人站在屏幕上 , 四个是萨姆·雅根 。
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 , 利用matmatlab软件分析了自适应梁的服务算法 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	两个责任和一个双星单位被指定为每个lcs未manmaned表面车辆的通信设备包装 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 律师捐赠了所有的负面、书籍、书籍 , 从这些照片和文本 , 我们发现了一个外部和优雅生活的故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	空气压力较低 , 因此 , 热力学效应如拖拉和左 , 最终导致球速度快 , 直径比较低 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	世界股市 , 由msci的测量 , 本周高达51/2周 , 将近近一年来 , 投资者把数百亿美元收入到现金工作 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	综合介绍和具体分析是关于注意力、选择、组织和表达内容、编译学生的练习和教师的手册 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你太高兴地留下房子的限制 , 就不够的电话 , 锁着门 , 把整个周末的整个花在家里 , 做不错 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	与利亚早期一样 , 犹太人保持了一个中国风格的官僚制度 , 以及他们的后果和内亚的部国家规则 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 这种感觉像你一样喜欢在mdardara的熟悉 , 比如今天晚上烹饪一样 , 还有一个奇怪的感觉 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林的闭环增加 , 平均高和直径也增加 , 但单位区数量减少 , 更新从任务转移到统一 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品并不包含人类皮肤细菌反应、非毒性、无毒性、无味、左右gm , 推出良好、耐磨性好、耐磨性好、耐磨性好 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	卡梅里塔·蒙蒂尔 , 二十岁的维吉斯 , 只有在橙色的水中沐浴 , 正在把玫瑰的叶子放在皮尔特拉的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们在这里使用这样的工具 , 来增长自己的twitter存在和客户在每天的基础上 , 学习了twitter最好的实践和工具工作 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以生成特异免疫反应 , 主要通过活化肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤特异抗原 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	从icecream和瓶水到电动灯、汽车和操作器人都给公众注意 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月 , 西在新线程网站发布了他的调查 , 这是中国研究社区和学术错误导弹的著名 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	hcv特定的cd8细胞反应已经准备在急性hcv感染患者的急性hcv感染或病毒特定cd4t细胞反应 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我也感谢布鲁斯先生的家庭为他们整体的支持 , 李先生的窗户 , 个人帮助我们的参考 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	shin的前苏联努力包括2005年的专辑 " 特别感谢...最好的选择 " , 然后 " 疲劳 " , 但我是 " 标志 " 的第一名专辑 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市中 , 体育模块已经从当地政府面临着稳定的衰退 , 作为他们的足球、篮球、篮球和篮球的价格建立新的宫殿 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于porcelain是陶瓷 , 因此它的表面是平滑而且不像老债券 , 它不会保持咖啡 , 茶 , 或烟草 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉·瓦格林设计是澳大利亚的国际购买商 , 需要购买纺织材料和织物、家具、礼物、陶瓷等 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重的绝对增长 , 身体重 , 身体长度 , 身体长度 , 后肢长度 , 后肢长度和第三至长度 , 呈正常分布模式 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	还有一个古老的 " northothothoth " 分别与荷兰、luxembourg和德国的关键 , 意大利 , 而希腊似乎是古老的文化史蒂芬比赛 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式也被王庆、凌华、王华、大庆、美国副总统乔丹、国务卿、国务卿克林顿等公司员工参加 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	拉明的思想挑战了传统心理治疗的传统观点 , 使人们追求他们的生活和思想 , 离开心理实践的基本假设 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰·莱德罗·格里在官方网站上说: " 是对米兰的一场比赛 , 现在我还是对米兰的比赛 , 然而我想赢得这场比赛 。
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验结果表明 , 本模型在stca前产生了预测95.8%的内部样本和93.3%的模型 , 通过修改方法97.5%和90% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	他说: " 这项预算在我国的未来比1789年的债务更多的债务 , 当乔治华盛顿总统通过弗兰克林福和伦敦·约翰逊和乔治·布什说 。
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	哦 , 可以看到你的宏观形式 , 眼睛和眼睛 , 色彩的胳膊 , 腿和脚趾 , 显示了牙齿 , 所有的行星都是恐惧 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	同时也有高级教师所有有外交学位 , 包括全国关键教师位置 , 两个与北京关键教师位置 , 六个与厦门关键教师 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	描述vti媒体的宏观速度模型由当前速度估计方法组成 , 同时可以同时同时模拟异常的缺陷、弱解析和强烈的热带 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , 在ptp1b的表达水平或活动的任何变化都会影响胰岛素签名 , 可能会对胰岛素抵抗的贡献 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国外交部长戴着他的副总理红色发射箱 , 因为他留下了11个街道 , 把年度预算交给公共房屋 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	采用mtsay测试了银细胞的杀死活性和乳腺细胞的增殖率 , 并通过直接免疫荧光法测定了t细胞子cd4+ 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花可能是燕花园 , 身体湖 , 全部设备高端家具 , 所有的礼物 , 都有良好的通信 , 无穷的游戏 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在sperm和oocyte中 , 证明了钙信号在一系列复杂的过程中具有很大的作用 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南龙选择了质量吸烟的猪肉 , 加入新鲜的鸡蛋、纯净的淀粉、姜、小磨石油 , 搅拌进入垃圾中 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	前利比亚领导人穆拉姆·阿拉达菲的选举已经推出了伊朗sponsplot的选举 , 以确保萨尔迪省华盛顿的选举 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icsbbtv是上海媒体广播有限公司和icics的品牌 , 使人们看ics , 两者都是自由的 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 埃塞俄比亚南部的一城 , 皇家墨尼克决定摧毁意大利人口 , 保证埃塞俄比亚的独立认识 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	然而 , 只有这样的例子 , 你可以意识到 , 还有一些更多的思想和智能 , 我不会说智能设计 , 智能设计可以解决这个问题 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体报道 , 4月7日 , 四月7日在意大利举行的强烈地震已经杀死了至少150人 , 伤害了一些1500人 , 500人 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	据上述军事部官说 , 军事部队的航行员 , 编码ddg169武汉 , 全面运动着快速响应、检查和模拟攻击 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗的消息都是这样的事情 , 我并没有做错误 , 我只是在这里得到法律 , 我在这里服务我人民的传统 , 为我民族和民族群体的传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	如前的攻击 , 星期二在香港商业北部的事故涉及腐蚀的液体出现从附近的高层建筑区的群众购物区 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	工业水平最终是由聚合的需求决定的 , 集中需求由中央银行认为经济可以承担 , 没有joopard稳定价格 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究对象在一周内吃蔬菜全部食物 , 从脂肪的10% , 走30分钟 , 用压力诱导技术 , 每周支持组 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街道都是合适的 , 各种手工的南方 , 拥有图片、最普通的鸟类、花朵、形状生活相似的地方 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究的目的是描述正常的太威成年人正常强度的标准 , 并探讨年龄、高度、重量、尺寸长度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州高速公路104个国家路 , 北京铁路通过北部和南方运行 , 因为古代 " fdbwawa三 " 九个省长 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	这是从1960年代和1970年以来 , 由于大规模363英尺的火箭 , 它是最高的火箭 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何在遥远的山区生活 , 如何知道云阳鱼 , 汉文化的典型象征伦敦 , 体现了云阳哲学所谓的 " 永阳哲学 " 。
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生表示 , 周二和周二 , 学生在大学的管理建筑外保持数千名学生的和平示威 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝在十七届国会的精神上出现了严重的精神 , 为抗腐败工作和诚实的政府建设 , 96 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 商务部发布了 " 数千名农村村 " 的 " 正式发布了 " 数千名农村 " 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	建立了它的专业性 , 三星10运动了大量3.0 " 大量的电子屏幕 , 将远镜和相比的lcd屏幕 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能导致一个 " 潜在冰 " 的冰囊融化 , 迫使人类住在船上 , 或是把海湾流停止 , 转变纽约城 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险化原理 , 研究了误差penty参数c的影响 , 以及支持矢量机械的基本参数 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过完整的句子的分析和整个句子的概率逻辑系统 , 我们具有良好的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的路由上 , 克里斯托弗·赫克里斯特·赫克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·赫克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·克里斯特·赫
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	正如丹尼亚公共债务总监詹姆尔·贝尔·贝尔·贝哈杰说 , " 对于我们保持最佳的债务成本 , 以管理我们的债务成本 。
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	设计的电子控制和诊断系统 , 如引擎、柴油泵、齿轮、刀具、刀具、刀具、刀具、刀具、刀具等 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	法律师的协会应当根据法律师法律法律法律法律法律法律规定的专业自我规定 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	主要是由于高血压患者所引起的循环功能的主要原因 , 但从心脏功能中分别是必要的 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们谈到五个核心竞争 , 在社会和情绪学习中 , " 自我意识、社会意识、关系技能、责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 水纯化 , 脱水 , 防水屏幕 , 旋转鼓屏 , 喷水管 , 水滤波器 , 粉末泵和泵装备 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了一种基本原理和模拟方法 , 特别是在一条基础上 , 提出了一种基本原理和基于电脑的耦合性能 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治·布什正常被10pm的床上 , 托马斯·爱迪斯隆 , 纳波勒逊 , 库尔兹·米尔在4.30岁 , 最严重的亨明路被称为拉克 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	采用酸和碱性水解法 , 建立了某些微分子交叉链接和纤维素交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 正在把联合国在某些传统武器的使用 , 所以为集群武器提供立法性 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 在经济价值的基础上 , 这些损失将进一步800亿美元至900亿美元 , 将总信贷损失为17万亿美元 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	苏巴赫的评论来自美国代表人星期五宣布 , 预计再次在一项修订了700亿美元的银行计划 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可人要求在这里提供资金的许可证 , 并且许可要求从许可、非签名、地理上获得许可证 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	根据发酵的发酵时间 , 我们把新牛奶作为原料 , 添加了稳定剂 , 精神和糖糖制成乳酸细菌 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	波利亚尼斯曾经被称为蒙瓦斯 " 一艘石头船 " 的船只 , 那些曾经访问 " 冲突 , 使地球美 " 提供 " 重新逃离现实世界 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这个发生时 , 胰腺素产生了更大的补偿 , 血液与胰岛素有关 , 血液的高水平与癌症相关 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	这个专利推荐公式 , amidren包含临床证明自然成分的数量 , 以解决男性激素调制的5个关键阶段 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行资源称 , 虽然全部采购是一个行业 , 但一些公司可能会在亚洲的眼睛包括hps的股票有限公司 , 例如中国的lenovo集团ltd和台湾的公司 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	讨论了农业建设调整的必要性和思考 , 分析了湘南农业现状的基础 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单个基本模式垂直性表面承认激光器的潜在应用 , 如光学网、光学连接、光学存储、激光印刷等 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年的支出减少了1.3% , 美国防御部推荐了几个军队基地 , 并削减250000个军队的数量 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	张林是新闻 , 重是为她 , 但她对别人的眼睛有很好的批评 。 </p>赵林对主任坚持自己 , 董事会欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	2008年的第四季度 , 肯定等到2008年的增长数字 , 就像mud一样清楚 , 除非在世界第三大经济工作的真正发生 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全面全面的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的银行法 , 应该让现有银行缺乏个人银行的缺陷 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过模拟和修改 , 得到了更准确的实验数据 , 得到了由质子的校正曲线 , 得到了线性系数为0.9995 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累答案 , 但因为我提交 , x就会保持x更多的负面 , 同时它就会变成一个无限的循环 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	乔布登 , 副总统 , 重新回应共和党的签署 , " 我听到许多批评 , 但我从未听到任何事情 。
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一个独特的环境 , 山区的范围有艰难的试验 , 还有挑战提供适应和进化的必要动机 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 它可以帮助实验 , 可以帮助理想的价值 , 而且可以显著降低实验、节省人力资源和时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 乔治大学教育中心主任罗伯特·iegel问道 , 乔治敦大学的主任 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个超son业务 , 邀请你的精神或意义 , 一个信任的朋友们知道你的业务 , 假如你可以在每个小时的费用账户或机会 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国在能源的风险上 , 让国家在达到 " 燃煤的风险 " 时 , 要求煤的生产能力 , 增长了许多专家相信 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了雕塑陶瓷作品 , 尽管抽象是在天然世界的根源 , 简单的曲线 , 开发了生物形状和结构增长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节约计划在孩子年轻的资产中管理 , 换成更多的保守portfolio 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中期和晚期粉末 , 成熟的水果在小绿色、高质量、高质量、适合早期的处理或粗糙粉末 , 计划在春天 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国拥有许多400家公司 , 据巴达金的签署 , 第一季度上涨 , 在客户的广告中 , 只有161万个 , 0.4%的持有公司总结 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	越来越多的时间开放 , 看雅虎开发商网络的采访 , 与nyt的桌面高级软件建筑后面的男人开放聚集 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在icrp1990年的建议中 , 介绍了一种新的重量因素 , 来替代吸收剂量的质量因素 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	描述了连续语言信号的最大幅度的连续演讲信号的一个算法 , 基于拉里语言密码信号的发现 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	利物浦经理说 , 今天晚上八场比赛的利物浦总统 , 他称他是 " 百分之一 " 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这个技术来目标gm植物时 , 我们只能确定和杀死事故发布的gm株 , " 她告诉斯科夫 。
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上拖出来锻炼 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " 比尔霍克一位心理3教授说 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	尽管许多人仍然继续识别黑色眼睛 , 但佐尔说 , 它从来没有在审计中出现的风格 , 只要它太高 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	中国城市随着元南加强了大多数货币的增长而增长 , 上海和广州移动到12、223年和23rd 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	结果 , 通常使用静态vml文件 , 即使选项提供更少灵活性、反应性和扩展性 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然炭、人生之后 , 我们的情绪 , 聪明的触摸心 , 重新揭开心灵 , 突然生命不可分离 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata , 另一家大型矿业公司 , 支持在多米尼尔共和国的镍矿业 , 而转化它的电源供应 , 而非非大量的昂贵性 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据北京文化自然储备的重要价值 , 可分为3种植物类型、5种植物类型、42种植物类型、139种 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的事情 , 因为如果你出来的答案 , 那是宇宙的直径 , 那么它也是原子的直径 , 你会知道你可能做错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2003年1月15日 , 美国航空航天卫星上捕捉这些伪造影像 , 以及日本21日的21月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	由于染色体基因、转化学和蛋白质学的积累信息 , 由于染色体基因、转基因、转化学和蛋白质学的积累提供了很大的需要 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死海矿物改善皮肤细胞代谢减少肌肉裂纹和稳定性 , 保护液体损失和平衡酸碱水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司对危害、正常化、温度、高、中等温度问卷、现金胶炉淬火、水泥、时效冻结、高温处理等进行了研究 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	南华大学化学工程系 ; 中国化学纤维和聚合物材料改造的国家关键实验 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约 , 美国:纳萨苏县警察在马桶外面的最佳购买电子商店 , 这意味着最传统的五个购物季节 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国帮助者罗德尼·克林汉姆的志愿者 , 感谢低收入家庭的食物 , 他将会自我饲养自己四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 吴河有一种保护能源 , " 孟明说 , 今年的艺术主任 , " 在内容和预算方面 , 他们已经给我们完成自由 。
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	在欣赏展览之后 , 科特先生买了几种方便 , 并询问购买图片的业务 , 显示心感受主的工作 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	分析了纤维素pt芯片的检查结果 , 从内部粘度、二甲醇含量、熔化点、碳结束、聚合粒子、聚合粒子和粉末 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在追随儿子的眼睛里 , 丰富的布鲁卡德正在鼓励美丽 , 纯洁的脸色发出了一个光线的辐射 , 显示人们心灵的完美创造精神 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 云山皇帝皇家库布拉汉在联合国战争结束后 , 曾经发出一个订单解决城墙后 , 严格保护修 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在肾脏管和神经细胞中发现的pdgf表达 , 而且在移植动动脉均匀表达的igf1 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	很多人都是 " 北约1谎言 " , " 朱莉·詹森说 , " 我不知道我想要的是什么 , 但我告诉我的客户不要把他们的薪水 。
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	当地政府的预算包括在任何水平上 , 包括政府在低水平下转变的政府收入 , 收入重新受到政府的收入或补贴 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	或许你可能有一些愉快 , 令人愉快的小时 , 甚至在贫穷的房子里 , 设置太阳从窗户中映射出来 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	至少20位当地马德拉斯学生已经消失了 , 大多数可能加入阿富汗战斗 , 他说 , 塔利班后者甚至试图阻止传统音乐和舞蹈 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据中国医学院81例中医学院的诊断和程度建立的标准 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这是基于aix5.3的变化 , 当你不再需要转移严格的xclient , 增加了微波 , 或减少小 , 矩阵 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	虽然早些时候 , cbs的革命指数或维克斯.维克斯 , 华尔街所谓的恐惧游戏 , 但仍然下跌了股票 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教会议会议会在1999年举行会议 , 南非 , 2004年在巴塞罗纳、西班牙 ; 下一次是澳大利亚 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	良好的消息是 , h1n1正在击败北美的尾巴 , 它可能是病毒可能在下一秋天出来 , 但这让我们做好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 每个游戏都很好 , " 拉姆奥周六说 , " 所以我们下了10分钟 , 六分钟左 , 我们知道我们可以回来 , 赢得这场比赛 。
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , 建立和证明的tmc的工作流程 , 进入企业客户的系统依赖于航空图书和gds服务能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	在一份声明中说 , 保守的新闻发布商已经签署了多年的交易 , 作为fox新闻发布商 , 电缆通道的执行副总裁 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	国际社区在最近几个星期 , 估计50000万美元的投票 , 这是美国高级官员承认的 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	他们补充说: " 因此需要考虑到饮食的习惯 , 来评估食物的联系 , 抗氧化活性和变性疾病的关系 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后 , 我们还可以实现oct-et稳定性和电子转移 , 如果你看电子的元素只是一个小的电子的稳定性或小点的电子 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效位置算法和误差估计 , 提出了一种基于化学hev地图的关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇、三甲醛、氨基甲醛和氨基化合物制备了六种新型schiff基三聚酯 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带来了旧包装案件和破碎厨房椅子的座位 , 并把它们传到rafterter上 , 以便使地板的位置 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 澳大利亚演员凯利强烈和声称凯克是 " 孩子安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 人类胚胎肺纤维细胞的恶性转变可能由cofc引起 , 可能有潜在的癌症 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光在单晶晶硅薄膜的单晶硅薄膜的生长或单晶硅薄膜的单晶硅薄膜 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私立二级学校不可能成功 , 学校必须拥有高质量的学生 , 以吸引高质量的学生 , 学校必须有高质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论血糖腺癌的表达状况与胃癌相关 , 她的阳性表达是胃癌的重要指标 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcrcrcr4mrna对两种细胞线中的cxcr4表达进行了研究 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	尽管没有错过华尔街预期 , 因为纽约的寿命保险公司提高了15亿美元的美国生活保险公司的15亿美元 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	建立语言的脚本 , 如格鲁维或ruby , 更容易阅读 , 更少的集群 , 锅炉代码 , 您的脚本可以更好 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马教堂不会摧毁最重要的文化之一 , 浪漫的天主教堂 , 仍然成为新文化的中心事实 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	帕伊利先生领导了杜普的最大的联合党 , 是一个80岁的抗议员 , 他花了他的生命与共和党领导人一样的想法 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国婴儿生理学家正在被淹没到退休 ; 在欧洲市场正在繁荣 ; 印度和中国大量的大量的高素质候选人数 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年内的尼龙电影 " 是基于内部的内部土地 , 以及1930年间的水电和电源的部门 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	利用gb/t230.62003指定的测试方法 , 研究了不同的油藏在空气输入阀和燃烧室的影响 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果有几百多名海地人能够迁移 , 这些主义人 , 荷兰或萨维亚人数提示 , 将会给海地经济带来巨大和继续的欢迎 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记得中国拒绝对日本的旅游nder , 并且保持第三个日本武装力量 , 防止他们的战斗 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我想我说 , 即使我不会把金融输入我们家庭的家庭 , 志愿者工作足够重要 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回来的大气越来越多 , </p><11周老和雨虹一起吃 , 两个人在老周都觉得很好的信号 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	比如英国的新竞争团体 , 比如英国联合传统政治参加 , 包括贸易联盟、绿色和草地组织 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	采用双峰特征 , 均衡温度均衡于pingbei区域的均衡温度 , 这意味着在pinghu形成的水库中至少有两个程度 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	这种流体是如此热量的 , 由于普通的普通天然气温度达到50°c , 增加了碳酸盐岩的氢率至少32倍 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	采用高温蒸汽生产高温蒸汽生产 , 研究了高温蒸汽对绿茶含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧形轨迹的几何模型 , 并提出了其分析方案 , 提出了目标攻击分析的新算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我的意见中 , 晚宴会可以加强朋友的友的友谊 , 但我们不会忘记别人的痛苦 , 而享受我们自己 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	这个电影由12个透明的橙色圆柱房屋制成的各种功能:会议室、信息增长、食品标准和广告栏目 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中海文化的礼物 , 全球文化mbaador将举行在印度海洋美丽的阿拉伯国家搜索领域 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业馆是近城市文明的 , 日本总是为了参与世界博会 , 肯定不会消失你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	如今 , 我们的市场包括南欧、澳大利亚、澳洲、中东、东亚、东南亚和美国 , 每月有规定的船舶 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三十五条选择合同的限制 , 必须立即执行订单 , 或者必须立即执行完整或其他方案 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的是他主权的忠诚 , 蒋蒙是一个诗人 , 学者和著名的孔子 , 相信朝鲜时代的儒家主义和imu 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	女性的服装 , 装配 , 夹克 , 裤子 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 分开裙子 , 裤子 , 生物 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部和短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	具有 " 大意识 " 的商务正在绘制颜色的声音 , 如良好的信念或未来的蓝色印刷的描述 ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	结果表明 , gekkkogeo可以改善患者的卵巢功能 , 功能输卵功能 , 因此也可以提高患者的卵巢功能 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的通过电镜检查和访问神经的电镜检查 , 阐明了大脑血管损伤的机理和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	结合一些项目示例 , 计算了桥可导航的清晰宽度 , 并提出了几种建议 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这个乌拉队里有更令人惊讶的留下来 , 马西·佩拉的伤害使得最后一分钟的游戏变成了霍尔兰的决定时间 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月27日出生于华盛顿的歌手马里亚·凯利出生于华盛顿 , 来到爱尔兰裔歌手和非洲人工程师父亲 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 本地军队的平静利亚军官 , 警察说他们可以面临警察 , 如果他们的旗帜飞行 , 或者一个周期人员和伤害他们 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 与以色列的六天战争的记忆 , 因此 , 他引起了一位犹太女子 , 巴布拉·斯托瑞德在电影里有趣的女孩 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄站在后面 , 经过软绿谷的溪流 , 都有很少知识 , 因为三年的暴雨和情绪 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品并不仅表达了抑郁的历史和不稳定的社会诗歌的不稳定性 , 而达到了当前事务的美学特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	巴特兰逊 , 由弗伦斯的rpatz承认 , 他仍然被用到了迷人哈特尼亚 , 这是他在2008年第二次打了温馨的爱德华德·卡伦 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	奥巴马说 , 当危机不折磨和市场的时候 , 投资者把股票看起来很便宜 , 预计收入18至24个月 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 同时 , 双方都希望 , 可能会在2010年推动电池非增殖治疗的路径 。
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年7月7日 , 西班牙的卡尔·普莱尔在2010年7月7日在马布希达球场举行了一项目标 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	在恢复过程中增加信心的迹象中 , 福特说 , 它将开始在最近几个月以400万辆车水平来推动其发明水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街说 , 总理戴维·卡梅隆决定用自己的个人照片停止使用 , 因此避免 " 公共释放错误信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自从2010年2月选举以来 , 云科夫人在两个方向上移动 , 同时也与欧洲联合采取经济整合 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 单一的液压发动机 , 液压再发动机 , 停止钢轮 , 进入红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天大电视屏幕上 , 伊丽莎白 , 42岁 , 她的父亲与她的24岁的正常记录后的24岁 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐将提高185000美元的房间公园 , 提供了第二部电影的设置 , " 桥琼斯:原因的边缘 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自从英国独立于1956年以来 , 苏丹的北部领导人已经足以扩大他们的权力 , 为了所有48年的民事战争 , 但1111年 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这是 , 直到十九世纪的伟大的拱形学发现 , 二十世纪 , 对于我们来说 , 这是古代的伟大文明 , 其中我已经绘制了一个可怕的生命 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福德·伯恩斯坦分析师jeffreylindsay估计雅虎的标准价值近25美元 , 每股微软或google2美元 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	突然他拥有一个危机 , 我不会进入我们的银行深度 , 因为他们想让我们的投资银行更多 , 华尔街的投资银行 , 所以它给出了不同的纸牌 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品总共381英镑 , 所以要把他们分布到欧洲学者 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家isobekatshiro和mzunoryo继续遵循日本理想风格 , 一幅画着他的铅笔 , 另外一个建立了 " 大气 " 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有一些其他旅游区域 , 如多伦多 , templolarios , costadolafso , cosuul , 规划多样 。
