there is a television in the middle of living room .	住宅中间有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新建筑上 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果需要 , 我们将发送一个电信家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	你把他们固定在你的第一款aid厨房里 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	难以置信的朱克斯塔位置是不可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他正在过去他的猫在顶部的梅德哥 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但是他的老师评论: " 你还不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是一年 , 中国梦明显显表现出来的 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	2010年10月17日 , 我将加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里吹起来 , 没有什么东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料的供应大大增强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种步行牵引器运行在柴油油上 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一个塑料盖 , 用于一个类型的作家 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它的螺旋结构由刚果红显示出来 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是学生 , 我们在免费电费 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是什么心理学家梦想在夜晚 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那时他不会突然离开的附近 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了评价批评 ; 勇敢的 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人嫁给赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	太多人要求一点沉淀吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力被反应力的力量击败 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	接触旧知识 , 揭示新的课程 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	无限华清池 , 是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	所有的小烛火都烧了出来 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我把它叫做 " 威基威基 。 "
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	病人受伤 , 死亡正在遭受 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	表示每个阀门的操作声级 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们被划成直线 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	布:他在行者港口观看鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在巴黎之后 , 维罗拉塔回来后 , 巴黎人在巴黎 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	有些人来自狭窄的监狱细胞 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	当夫妻回家时 , 萨玛问她丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我采取深入的吸入 , 压抑在新鲜 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	2003年到2007年 , 我是一名早晨编辑 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	如此伟大的胜利是不合理的期望 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近在公司做了很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但是固定的沙丘是物种之间的矛盾 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听到那样的话 , 她的脸向嘴唇走了白 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	这并不足以说有些经济增长 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子多么肮脏了 ! 它有许多尘埃的葬礼 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后 , 约书亚让人们走去 , 每个人都到他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	例如 , 字符libra的碰撞应该隐藏 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	回家的路上 , 几个旅客希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了doap主页的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆汽车来了 , 一辆车去了两辆汽车港 , 一人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古代的野生独立和海豚连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我喜欢我的荣誉 , 我不知道这件事 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是使用绑定/unbind方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多花有几只破碎的肋骨 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲里是一种特殊的负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我觉得这是伦敦生活中最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是相反的计划3 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	即使是孩子 , 摩西选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家的家乡转变成教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看到parley.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的沙迪房间和干燥的地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	详细地给出了每个视图的选项 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在一家宠物店买了一只喷雾的山坡 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性被系统使用 , 不应该被修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 杰克的狗少了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	贾罗忘了 , 他自行车掉下来了 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	参加者:当然 。 奶油和糖 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的接待却是最平坦的种类 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅又在公园见约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我失去了我的词典 , 请给我留下你的 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英语文章使用这么困难 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这就是我们如何得到的范围 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说话 , 她没有与世界联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由交叉区连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克里默:我发现美国的倡议极为困难 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去通常所有的事情博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	不 。 这就是人们如何参考小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她耐心等待法国完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁都有下面的基本属性
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这是各种各样的包装 , 用于推荐者 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接穿过阿科建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400伟大的vowel移动开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这叫做 " 零售 " 的单体属性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的哥哥和妹妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	那么 , 家庭保护怎么做 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 弗里亚发现她在口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	" 没有人跟他一起 , " 她说 。
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在 , 在磁场前 , 我们有一个非常强大的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米比苏伊小得多 , 苏比李更小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	柔软的皮肤 , 红唇 , 如此可吻 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 元数据存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他作为敏感但是强大的记者 , 他是完美的 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	所有它都看起来都是所有的元素 , 并且行为相同 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	必须将文件系统卸载为改革 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	你意味着 , 你是否拥有吗 ? 父亲 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	周一你觉得我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	通过软件开关设置支持j1939 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生一直在与星节工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	赢家是第一次在一个空间中绘制三个人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张斌简单答道 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看不到那么奇怪的肌肉制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛浏览成小峰 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	离开她的爱人 , 她离开了她的爱 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的人并不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个议院 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻通过观众发出了一名欺骗者 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后 , 电池在轮子里驱动电机 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请返回学校完成的形式 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张照片价值一千个字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这完全是错误答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 霜冻 , 海上回来 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	轮胎老了 , 已经平滑了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	您的伙伴本周可能会有些恐惧 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我一直在与我的所有权利感相比 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	将链驱动轮从cankshaft删除 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是在校园的英雄性格 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但是命运并没有给他们带来机会继续 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要在水平上重新修复它 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子太接近传输商 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	纳西德里弗:好吧 。 你的行李吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	增加真正的常量表数由山脉增加 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送去大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一声喊道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联骑士在他的装甲里死了 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水从喉咙下来 , 他开始选择 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花和精神如玉 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们住在哪种土地吗 ? 好坏吗 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一只小鱼 , 用河驱下来 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 伤害 , 或者否则最大伤害 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	不 , 我觉得你能去 , 我甚至不能得到法兰 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的chores中 , 把一分钟放到一下 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督对他的母亲说 , 她想哭泣 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道 , 50年来最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你想象这些更抽象的东西 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个学期 , 我一年去看看可能父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法用甲醇溶解原料 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	对于她的眼睛来说 , 爱情是闪烁的 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但是信用是汽车业的生命血 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者对你有一个序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你是否有经历在你的帕杰玛出去吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬的头发很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和他的妻子是一对快乐的夫妻 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 关于它将涉及的事情有很多不确定性 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决策快速的时候 , 所以我们就会感到烦恼 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	玩完后我会直接回家 。 玩什么 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行动并非与他的话一致 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 , 他很高和强壮 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但是他们太害怕睡眠了 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他所做的是 , 这里的方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一个巴根...谁崇拜的偶像 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在那个数字游戏中它转换为1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请改变一个单个房间 , 洗澡 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但是改变的事情是 , 它是破坏性的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行官从来没有看过这样的东西 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	过度喜欢 , 她从房子里冲出来 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	苦难的人生 , 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它把我们的房子变成葬礼帐篷 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	也许奇怪是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以这就是解决方案混合的地方 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能给我一个抬到下一个城镇吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	输入箱后输入几行新行 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	一个:叔叔叔来这里吗 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有的沟通都在写作 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 小裙子正在时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以在家里引起disharary 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	一个网站被选为新学校 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他把他的哥哥取代为进球员 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的花朵 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周也许是一个例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导体:银镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	我还没有从jetlag中恢复过 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	火炬象征着亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮充满了西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生儿童提高了这些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但是首先 , 有人必须把他们放进他们的交通坦克里 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们的房间里 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后照亮火上的东西 , 燃烧它 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章都可以在我们的图书馆里获得 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住那是坏的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 不管怎么说 , 债务将是巨大的 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	我记得那时 , 我在回家的路上遇见你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停止每头3200美元的钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有时钟的问题 , 就需要修复这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司机设备 , 用户需要联系我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不会根据人民的愿望 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我召唤时 , 他正在在打电话的时候 , 打电话 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上一张护照大小照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	大象 , 你的耳朵像cymbals 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嘿 , 你周五是免费的 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.roundrobin的顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我总是在工作上过去 , 伤害我的心 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得有些风吹在那里 。 微笑 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿飞可以透过一株干燥的植物 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场 , 18岁 , 河板 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	路上 , 我不想一夜飞行 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过公共汽车 , 因为他迟到了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 手里枪 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 , 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑不放在项目0中 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么所有最好的党都在岛上找到了 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有直接和上切 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	地主把一个新炉放在我的房间里 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	公司是一家世界领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一个双螺旋的螺栓被隐含 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	研制了fermi操作符的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深化的事情 , 正如你教的那样 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 ! " 麦格声称 。
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给它一些数据解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9锤钻每个湾 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来很不满意 , 我把城市带到他身上 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	那是我的第一爱 , 我也怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你是否需要在非hk股票中交易 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在在我的家里已经20年了 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗会学不到新的技巧 。
minutes of board committee meetings	董事会会会议的几分钟 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们在饥饿期间发现了恐惧 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头上滑动 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员拥有一个较高的孔 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	区分l值和r值之间 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	shine , 你不能有任何不满 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好的 。 我离开了五分钟 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是大象的一段时间 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	张力计可以做到足够小的 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远离大连来自lvshun ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	照明逮捕者在哪里安装 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 诚挚的心 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国迅速上升了这个共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会赢得背骨的战斗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	它鼓励你 , 相反 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	我记得一次来到这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员要和平心 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图在火中保持他的头 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看吗 ? 像食物一样吃东西吗 ?
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛闪烁着缓解和快乐 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须可持续 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方来获得创业资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们还是独立的 , 他们是互补的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵们在酒吧里躺下来 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 非常清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你要去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把声音降到了一个小偷 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本气体电器检测assn 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是一个白色的沙发球迷吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最爱的三角之一 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是把你的财政带到你身边 。 "
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我很满意 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的部分利益都是不可保证的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望下次他能看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤亨庆 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和这些衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但是它也是一个存在的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	这艘船冲击了岩石头 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他被必要的驱动到偷窃 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班里有五十个学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我会买那美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你很高兴在麻烦的水里捕鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我会把我的叶子拿到 , 像一只蝴蝶 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一个3picemafiastyle适合 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	帕萨尔·吉尼塔:确保有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	指定的蜂窝型物种并未发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	牛津给世界带来了巨大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长规则放在铅笔箱里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	其他人说 , 如果他们欺骗 , 或者滥用你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	当你的大脑锁起时 , 你怎么会对待 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	如果我有翅膀 , 我会飞到月球 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	好的 , 我的本子实际上是什么 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树 。 当它是年轻时 , 是年轻的 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们都是哈佛 , 所以我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	这匹马失去了他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一九七十年代 , 仍然停止给他疾病 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他把tweener推进胸部 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	远程很高兴到达他们的旅行 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想要绿莓成为我的民调 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还为单一图写了前面 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维罗特说她将到达边境 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	男人从口袋里抽出一笔笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她将在晚上跑过她的线 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽扮演小提琴更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在重雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆吸着 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿那件坏吗 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	我们必须在索菲亚回来时开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说妈妈时 , 我看着牛 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼斯 , 你说什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	牛排就像皮革一样艰难 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你有没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	晚上有多长时间来做晚衣 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫能影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗涤机vbe带 ;
the young tree has struck root .	年轻的树木已经破根了 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂拿出来 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学习英语歌 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须下降 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	b:是的 , 它会变得黑暗 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们允许我们存在这些变化 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你需要两个文档 , 然后把它们放在一起 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	怎么做好系统验证测试人员 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你说的最低点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们不在学校学习 , 但在生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李磊打败吉姆 , 赢得第一位 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	奎:每当她来时你都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人在寒冷时感觉如此孤独 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是三个家庭唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	感谢您呼吁日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华救我们从所有的遗产中拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴会告诉他们 , 他们已经拍了我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	莫西莉·李梅尔在哪里去 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢了一些 , 你失去了一些 。 这就是生活 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那一年 , 那天 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体被发现在地板洞里 。
knive are used to cut things .	knive被用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何才能在没有雨下才能剑卡通 !
peace is always relational .	和平总是相关 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克·鲁塞尔是什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要从她的职责离开她 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 威斯特利亚花了吗 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想知道这个夜晚会带来什么 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你原谅我那么痛苦 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进树林里 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	阿:为了阻止你 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	杰夫喜欢与杰登玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想被告知成长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	不过你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油改变之前 , 停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	入侵者们射击了城镇 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有事情都改变了 , 我们和他们改变了 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以他们从门里开车走出来 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我觉得他们最后一场胜利只是一场流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	此外 , 他只是一个婴儿 。
lily some money me the other week .	李莉有些钱给我了 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是巴西利第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们对他们的等待感到欣赏 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我想睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以用手镯治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	而且它的政府被激怒了 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在帕特里克获得一个牛仔吗 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听到有人跳舞 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好种子的草原 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须在docot上改变列车 。
beat me half to death with it .	打我半死了 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃太多的汉堡 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她很喜欢吃惊 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后在周末的艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	狼的轨道有多大 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大动脉可溶性 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成了安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上大胆 。
the bill was sent to her room .	比尔被送到她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	你的汽车手册是否 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它帮助你不那么多 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这就是我认为金融是关于的 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他 ! 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	这个程序是什么独特的 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我永远不能他们 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸的指南 !
losers hangout with losers .	失去了汉戈的失败者 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	一个羞耻的感觉来了她 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	在所有时候 , 福斯特座带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家庭 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来了我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请驾驶一点快 !
tingting seems nervous .	丁丁似乎紧张 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是鸟看家 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把接收者挂起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发风格 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手闻着鱼 。
but there's reason for hope .	但是希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的文章是如何从订单中取出的 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一个震惊 , 然后走出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么能把价格放在生命上 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你能理解什么 , 他 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像脂肪猫一样 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得相同的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同领导风格的工作 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有很多方法杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里是那么多油罐 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳子 , 一个绳子 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们把刀绑在一起 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义了三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花了金像土壤一样 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些放在转身上 。
power elevation mill head .	电力升级机头 。
that gives me the creeps .	那给我带来了紧张的 。
ianto: that's just me .	安托:那只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是安达兹的主人 。
it was from the sugar i think .	这是从糖中我想到的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么这次救赎呢 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得超越热了 !
and put bomb craters in there .	然后把炸弹炮放在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧演奏了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我拿了一些小课 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动并获得股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	滑到大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我喜欢疯狂 !
it does have intentions .	它有意思 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	迷你死了 !
what is the name of that process ?	那个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的一个朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小的 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自学者吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建一个.tc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但是它仍然是我很好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 。 这是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	那么 , 我怎么做呢 ?
when did you start to act ?	什么时候你开始行动 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢山坡吗 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的伟大的母亲 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是一个工作贫困的 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学习中国人 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 刚刚走了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的事 。
what's montague ?	什么是蒙特拉 ?
time never comes back .	时间永远不会回来 。
as in organ donor .	就像机器官捐赠者一样 。
are you a salesman ?	你是个销售员吗 ?
we just don't know .	我们只是不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做到 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础的 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉到它 !
d a digit	d一个数字 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车规模建设过程简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	严重的父亲冲着救这些失去的羔羊...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	顾客和开发商谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	照片俱乐部带着照片拍摄旅行到孟多诺...
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以我们在20年代中期做出的选择必须是一个非常聪明的 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单元矢量 , 那么我应该将这段时间缩小到长度 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	魏比亚那年有大量铁墨石 , 香港笔记 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续卡比先生作为学校的主席 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这代表事故电子的总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近几年来 , 大脑中的水平成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义上 , 它是自编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	毫无疑问 , 或者不能满足父母的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	战斗快速 , 当你高雅克时 , 把巨大的梅康河冲下来 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将修复自己 , 或者可以留下几年未修复 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践了面部表达 , 我就像狼一样滑雪了 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这发生了五六次 , 猴子很愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	所以我们认为dwarf突变剂 " ddddf1 " 是气体敏感的 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	正如上帝的王国一样 , 就像它在佛罗里部落里 , 所以它在上帝的王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有很多传说关于兰节起源的传说 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	而在女性的情况下 , 通常包括性假设 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	睡眠是防止宫颈癌发生的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	亲近笔门的门 , 准确防止羊离开 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	听到的多态度 , 在他的教学里 , 受到了赞赏 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	参数化:我看到你自己抓到了一只马龙鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈 。 我会教她去骑边 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它为一起运行的不相关应用程序提供了机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	台海有另一个名字 , 福西 , 一个古代三皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twists可以帮助减少内脏器官和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	雄性马拉德鸭是他们长期以来著名的螺旋性生殖器 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如此 , 即使解决立即问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	然后看到 , 你的行走 , 不像愚蠢 , 却像智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	橡胶山 ; 有限元建模 ; 静弹性特征 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创建中国世界杯购买上海拉加索路体育建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领域中 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	这对你来说是否不了 , 但我只有在周末的时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人来说 , 我觉得他的最大的抽象是 , 像一个或多个双重用法 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误的方向上得到了很好的醉酒 , 然后把家抱在错误的方向 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	数字从阿富汗贸易联盟获得支付 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到我们只有一个生命 , 还能加强信服 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个快乐是不可思议的 , 来自农民的廉价wow金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	那天 , 任何没有否认自己的人都必须从他的人民中剪掉 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	香港酒店开始适应男宠和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪武贤事件和罗拉 , 中国 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:你好 , 我是凯瑟 , 凯瑟·琼斯 。 你的名字是什么 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	麦米是薄薄的朋友 , 我最喜欢所有的祝福 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	在这个螺杆后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗尼 , 女孩和牛仔喝了蜜蜂 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好的 , 这是一个直接的 , 或者 。 没有它吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场繁荣稳定 , 货物供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都对他们来说 , 书店 , 因为你知道 , 大家都是非常反对的 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期债务责任的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	您可能意识到在数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	您还可以尝试使用google的先进命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们也在希腊的美国社区里搅乱了情绪 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市都有城乡双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他会太错过 , 他是一个伟大的总统 , " 他说 。
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个稍微微的金属声音 , 像一个口袋里的硬币一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我正在完成 , 没有一个歌曲和舞蹈的点 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停止消息 , 男孩 ! 我想做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪钩可应用于任何函数的入口或出口 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我之前来到商业 , 但这次我在这里去看看 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季小时 " 是美国最长期建立的机构 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	它似乎大多数中国人使用了一个改进的emule , 这个滥用服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局glocester董事会 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的睾丸帮助把几位超越者放在酒吧后面 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试我们最好的减少损害到小时 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	75%的德国每天吃早餐 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	googlegoblegoble网络探索器的市场份额与chrome
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	这是第一年我爸买的赛季票到剪辑 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还祝福我们 , 我们能记住我们以前的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	手铁和银行家应该建立无锈钢管道 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天安广场是世界上最大的广场 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化结肠炎疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	应力适用于塑性变形的应力通常压缩 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是我国最大的粮食生产领域之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里克·布莱尔在乔治奥威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个牧师 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了促进这个任务 , birt提供数据探索器视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:好吧 , 凯勒斯医生 。 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	塞尔吉奥:是的 , 确定是 , 但他们有最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	令人惊讶的是 , 男孩能很快解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	假设你有一个子团队在私人分支工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了时代和杂志心理学 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经在科学中构建了二元化 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术是沟通的 , 也许人们可以从这个方面获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我的意思是 , 你已经谈论这并不适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 老虎是手持计算机的吗 ? " 小说问道 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新的想法正在渗透到年轻一代的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	有另外一个详细的细节我喜欢在这张照片里的作物脚 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来更强烈的雨水期间的干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个玩家都在搜索他的或她的图书馆的时候都会在后面 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	然后 , 创造就根据三元神的相互爱 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你想让他们永久吗 ? 你会在哪里切削花 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	除了代码性能之外 , 好的程序员也努力为代码清晰度 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的兄弟学会骑自行车 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季的季节在我们身上 , 随着它来到了适合季节 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在日常使用之前玩它 , 例如错过重大调用 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们习惯于大型非毒动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是第一次英国人和其他人一起接触的时候 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	大英野花没有什么东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究了不同家庭对比组的可分类 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	任何尺寸限制的范围都应该被包装成更小的一个 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个薄薄的 , 白发男子坐在木座上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但他仍然承认基督徒是因为他们面临死亡的途径 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五个步骤 , 你可以帮助你的机器跑得更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	艾莉娜·奥尔蒂兹的伤口边缘发现的这份报告 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , 一个cms存储在数据库中的所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	与论文流速率法相似 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的母亲正在为客户包裹一些香蕉冰箱 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	左边是一个寺庙 , 向罗马皇帝哈里亚展示 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接由消息接收器完成 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:吸烟有毒于脂肪钾 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效应和玫瑰图间隔 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我倡导所谓的 " 小城英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了钛计的应用条件和方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	咖啡因是否禁止细胞是少清晰的 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	9to5工作计划提供足够的时间来放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ? 几个例子这个类型的例子 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船员不能找到任何东西来掩盖船里的缝纫 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名死亡的士兵在一个残疾状态下躺在一起 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	在下午或下午 , 您总能在下午或下午去打电话 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年贫困线的总数:815 , 755
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	kisangani居民说 , 飞机已经破坏了三块 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国庆的来临 , 我有一个星期的假日 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应物的表现激烈 , 但实际上有费用 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	男孩玩起了强劲的点 , 最小化他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	那是什么地方我们还没有拖着莫利去 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我目前生活的一座穆斯塔瓦市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须进行调查 , 直到所有事实都发现 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了周围诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	乘客们用海病转变得非常绿色 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请用清洁的纸排放后用清洁的纸行 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一个诺贝尔人在她自己的权利举行了vis帐户的排名 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	这样做会帮助解决城市污染的有害影响 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多专业技术有助于考古学 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态经济生产力和森林产生的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算结果在每个区域均行 , 在数据是在每个区域中执行 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员已经识别炸弹作为汉武云 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道的白细胞瘤是一种不常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	故障字符串是故障的可读描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	共同开展各种部门的努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不会遇到这两个条件之一 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这件事吗 ? 你没有比其他东西比较吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	米托诺德里亚的克里斯密切安排了 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早上 , 大多数山塘都应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我以为这会让人们在展览上提高笑容 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些菠萝比特 , 某些东西都能平静下来呢 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你保持集合 , 当你有数据的财富时 , 就会有一个数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	他们两人都呼吸着同样的热情 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥尔良 , 但我想回家去塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁 , 所以我会做电影很慢 , 很慢 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	感谢奥巴马为所有的美国宇航局切割 。 你大傻瓜 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们应该做的是所有无限的感情 , 所以回到这里 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 去年底 , 它已经发现了:它是一个虚假的警报 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数民众都要求他们接受的谴责 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我感觉非常沮丧 , 不要感觉自己做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要的步骤 , 也可以成为调整最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	spammers还对开发信任的更加复杂 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制人士说 , 沙里波夫已经报道 , 船员感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	玩家们自己的力量 , 然后通过艰苦的工作来实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	答:绝对是 , 它给团队提供了一个分数机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你所形成的桥梁方式和你所知道的所有人都是由这个活力组成的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们都有裙子和裤子 , 看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗室里的最近的工具里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端是蓝龙和白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	对于malware来说 , 地球代理日志里有金 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	老k:对不起 , 第二位老师 。 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺玛 , 因为她是真正的人 , 永远不会放在旁边 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨晚神毁坏了我的灵魂 , 放在一个新的灵魂 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	黑暗旅游的发展从边缘到典型的实践 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	愿我们所有的时代生活与爱和信仰、幸福和同情 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 另一种形式的慷慨是共享神的话 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我把我的头埋在那里 , 但我的姨妈听见我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿石和石油股价下跌 , 尤其是伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的影像发现从未在文学中报道过 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三大学生有一个交通教育课 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	你好几次 , 充满谋杀性的看法会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我是特别的 , 你的最喜欢的椅子是特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是两个月的煤炭的心脏突破性的悲剧 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二次出去了 。 我们做什么呢 ? 告诉我怎么做 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节日win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	女性来与上帝的祝福 , 必须遵守 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	物理考试不能轻松地掌握它 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济勘探显著恶化 ; 或是显著的勘探 。
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿里斯多汗鸟- ( 下载pdf
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和拖动从开始到端点 , 您希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	搅拌在巴西尔 。 汤匙饼干过米饭 。 服务 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件对应的 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但是 , 除非你结婚 , 否则继承它 , 还是工作很难 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观的角度看到了他们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界能否真正保证这个巨大的风险 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 有大量的火焰细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:$56 , 400美元97 , 400美元
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称gizmo甚至可以提高你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天是否可以看到哈尔伯尔在今天看到的机会吗 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风场下 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	阿历克斯:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿和我一起 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后一个拉约翰举行了他 , 然后开始把他拿起来 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离婚了她的丈夫 , 现在是独自生活 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	繁荣是花30分钟的时间寻找正确的笔子 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束面具的东西 , 让舒斯的椅子 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的女性有毛 ?
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	体积控制由mccormack微线驱动提供 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉如果他们正在用电线擦拭我的脸 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西是农业先锋 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短规模时间系列具有多分形性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我命令了头发蟹 , 但你给我带来了绿蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从厚的公共汽车背后射出毒箭 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国文化象征的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推动前进 , 成功最终会遇到你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	您可以将任何电子邮件地址转换成谷歌帐户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷闭并不可接受 " 表面 " 的 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海口是海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的董事王凯刚教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了偶像模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	这是米菜、汤和密斯塔的一个很好的补充 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	一个好的绘画是在每个绘画之前显示的 , 每个绘画都是完成的 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想添加福山 , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的转换 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	几个圆桌的男人有很多心来消失他们 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能甚至不会风险损伤 , 或者去饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知 , 互联网的特点是虚拟和双重的 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚 , 人们如何穿不同衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	用手 , 你可以在任何地方享受你的花茶 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	真空喷油发动机用于室外使用 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云的时候 , 我是寒冷的 , 诱惑和悲伤的 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我会感到沮丧 , 使我周围的那个人不幸 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你叫它一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记住吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一和每个后续的bezierspra需要三个点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	神话与神话的地方 , 无论是一个真正的撞击 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	我们访问的第二个地方是蒙哥村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮钩使服装更容易和更快 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这次是商业喷射行业中的那些人 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变默认门户 , 打击输入关键二次 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后 , 本文讨论了jmi的程序和应用 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	丰田表示 , 他不回忆会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全惊讶于奇妙和自然的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的事情 , 零没有存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	在我们中、缓慢发展中 , 人们平静地生活在我们的生活 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	蜡烛板是所有的观众portlet都放置的地方 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼高迪 , 从西班牙 , 主要论文的物体 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接待主义问: " 有没有见过医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后最后 , 一个不会让你想到的无数工具 !
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火焰 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天都有七个课 。 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是地球上开门的人 , 打开灯门 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们有银行系统和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃撞击桌子的角落 , 打破了冲击 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	后来到达船只已经消失了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多异性的人都想要关系和孩子 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	在传递中 , 一个蜜蜂失去了路 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以在哪里吃真正的驴来消灭它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫做友谊7的小胶囊里 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 我没有未来的事情 , 你知道 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐败是实践和理论的重大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得我正在跑到野蛮 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学拥有良好的教师团队 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	但是 , 强大的压力规则可能会把蛋糕带走 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染器决定您最终渲染器的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花亮亮了岩石的土地 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	这个项目只是为那些有苏马尼作为母亲语言的项目 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录列表的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	亚当和埃文与爱登花园的神交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	平平的母亲是地区护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家把假针放到我的静脉里 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请根据合同修改您的副本 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说他的朋友很信心转桌子 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她很高兴地用sobs打开了声音 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道 , 另一边要多快才能得到热呢 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他喊着叫着 , 跟他走路走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩上建造沙弹 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是爆破的房屋泡沫的最后一次气体 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果它听起来很好 , 问如果有任何方法我可以看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在明星中 , 一些单位有瞬间袭击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这位新的痛苦者不会长时间去痛苦行动吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们能预言这是两个正常人之间的第一次日期 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	我后来发现世界充满了胜利者 , 有些人说不 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦这些都完成了你可以使用你的休息 。 让车库 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 还有年轻人愿意乘坐波尼的表达 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它显示了所有从头部和饺子记录中都会出现...
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海上交易史的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	在第1部分中 , 您了解如何创建一个exexserver应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	整个上 , 这是一个好的计划 , 我们不应该nitpick 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	从实现细节中分离测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你生活中的多少部分 , 它会变成 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	放置更小的坚持交叉来使乳化效应变得更小 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他突变了nun , 然后把它变成一个关闭的 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	几minis通常是语言、语言和写作的好处 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我为啤酒支付 , 所以我在最后一个瓶子上打电话 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大回来了 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	您需要计算多少时间的分配将采取 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	可是明天晚上没有 。 你下一个自由的时候 。
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	玛丽勒骨站与家庭边界交通人员包装 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	不要离开 , 当她穷 , 病 , 或不美 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	今天让我们决定不要收集悲伤 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性和构建有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和对照组具有异源性和异位性的摄入 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 与匈牙盖的2个独立条款 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机越来越受欢迎 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它交给瓶装水工业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	飞行天堂山谷的春天演讲 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信里说 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把握一个手可以导致一个15年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一条柔软的河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今晚工作清楚了事情 , 所有的事情 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请传给我那堆半圆砖 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男子骂了这个国家寻找失去的孩子 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	贵西市石志编译委员会办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁是神毁灭 , 我们号码1做疯了 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一只肥胖的习惯和他的鲸鱼之间 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对我来说 , 个人来说 , 我真的可以看到两边的硬币 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多棉厂 , " 男子回答说 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 以使你的性生活更激动 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	由于电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个节目 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	儿童和青少年如何经历抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在 , 唐代的僧侣徐宗是什么地方 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ?  ! 可能 。 或者你 。 好吧 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	otaku的媒体采取通常是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	温文在2010年12月实践了她的背后交叉 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	在这里 , 我们写了12.011 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:探讨brusmollis的组成部分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安东尼在大规模范上进行项目 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	而且它深化了家庭和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	卢克工作的这一方面有很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	连续提高饮用水的标准 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 当然 , " 达林斯先生说 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我很快把所有的袜子都洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色爆破者 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有人问中国的民事控制军事 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	圣诞旗将被定制为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	文化皮肤是整个退休中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺045 。 我不知道怎么感谢你所有的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	今天我有太多的做 , 我跑出我的脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	公司并没有在文件中说 , 银行贷款的贷款 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	在大约半小时之后 , 我意识到我真的需要减肥 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 如果我们记得我们的差异 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	李:现在 , 如果你只是跟着我去伦敦 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这样的生活 , 这个爱你和我一直梦想着 , 长期以来 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 贫困人很容易 , 因此生活得很高兴 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最新5天的天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	康是我的好朋友 , 一个独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种基本的情感 , 具有特殊的面表达 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	死亡的胜利 , 以及死亡的机会和时间 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	弹出的提示会告诉你 , 是否在或离开 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理暴力的话 , 这些事情可能会改变 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄宗志是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他被朋友给了一个标签 " 玩男孩 " 的标签 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不能相信他永远会结束他的生活 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指扔进混合物中 , 然后把它弄成混合物 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	加勒比亚水也有很好的scuba水 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	夜晚的深度恐惧的警报声响起来 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们愿意在一个长夜之后才能看到早晨的光芒 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	多东广泛应用于春秋时期 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	赫德森的决定是否会在呼吁上诉 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我认为这会有帮助 。 你是最好的 , 你知道吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们使它变得很难修改我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	似乎没有人会想到 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao患者关于姨妈和蒙妮卡一桩 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	伟大的心灵想起来像 , 但愚蠢却很少区别 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	许多脚痛的人都可以通过减肥来减肥 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不会像他们一样画 , 但他们永远不会像我一样画 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制和制作这种理性基本的自我抑制 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 , 他避免接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	这个团体依照佛教宇宙学建立并安排 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	决定张沈和秦天的关系非常高兴 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	运行者在运行最快的运行过程中丢失了超过3%的体重 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	周龄的和平会谈在两侧之间有近崩溃 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	导电激活能和变性之间存在着一定的关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑大约有25%的大脑比晚期同性直肠 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看着阳光在东方升起 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	玉立山断裂是海源断裂区东段 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将在自杀阅读他的文章 , 胡姆死了 , 病了 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	刘阳只有一个实践点 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城市中心是一对20英尺长的金属shidas 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	与avalokitesvara数字一起 , 总共有33个 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船试图逃跑在大海盗船瓶上下来的时候 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他站在几乎宽阔的地方 , 他的大头抬起来 , 转向他们 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但是我觉得这会更聪明的李子把你最好的一面放在外面 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	一个爱的丈夫 , 每天我都记得我一样的女王 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	阐述了抗疲劳的代谢作用及其作用机理 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来到了可食用蛋糕馅饼的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	得到严格的行为行为的本质特征 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道蛋白质的功能与其结构相关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18年他们分开了我的服装 , 为我的服装而打了很多 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	这是nto同样的事情 , 在1月和6月份有一个不足的领域 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转向齿轮是汽车矢量系统的重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	舒适坐在数字三号是巴根寺和帕戈达斯 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	它是由含有洞穴和输送棒石粉的特点组成的 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前鲨鱼并不会使压缩机 , 一个关键空调部件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了为食品卫生提供监测、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	那天晚上十三天 , 他们终于回到了玛德琳的宿舍里 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	实际速率折扣必须在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 也是海南人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要成分:各种芳香的ketone和芳香的牧师 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文简要综述了蒙古全球气候变化的综述 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大火经常在窗外吹出来 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理有效合同必须遵循复制原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	乐观 , 老虎总是为新的和新鲜挑战带来了巨大的兴奋 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多达尔文人都逃离在那夜间隐藏的细胞里 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我不怀疑夫妇的悲哀 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文第一部分提出了公司在权利和权力方面的角度看法 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论改变它 , 但恐惧只会被视为紧张 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你在你病的时候煮草药 , 然后留下来 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18英里的绿色费和卡迪费 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	几乎每个新公司都抱怨提高种子资本困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	林顿先生回答说: " 我不愿意从你那里进一步建议 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我有胃痛 。 我觉得今天午餐吃了一些糟糕的食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	很好的摩擦 , 史密斯先生 。 我是阳光来访 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个鞋子已经落下来了 , 恶魔的面具的恶魔 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	10:23岁的时候 , 他们在这个城市里偷你 , 逃进另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们去看wpi的机器人工程项目课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我觉得你是我送来的 , " 他补充道 , 解释员工们 。
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我再也没有权利把自己放在上面 , 因为他是公共汽车 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	火车充满了繁荣 , 在节日的情绪由于夏天的天气 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元买一张桌子充满孔子 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	每股美国存款股价上涨至1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人因为卡萨已经死了 , 有些人受到了荣誉 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	历史与永恒之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢某些 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	这项发现还揭示了男性快速竞争女性伴侣的男性 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改进了干部和人员文件的规则和规定 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红叙述:你可以争论他要做的 , 要带着卫兵 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天你很好 , 请再见我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数以万计的军人在枪中交易 , 为了追踪和训练 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和黄金海岸环境经济类空气票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 一个艺术家对空间发射系统的概念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc具有比氧化物阴极更均匀的工作功能分布 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	琼斯的很多老朋友加入他的团队 , 沿着一些新的团队 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法叫做 " 点击主义 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想理解一个儿子和父亲相关的事情 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们正在采取采样来理解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只要允许她那么紧缩 , 就允许她那么薄 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	版本的效果可能使你忘记在程序之后被指导的事情 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	他轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻轻地冲了 。 " 是的 , 那是我的女孩 。 "
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	用一些盐和辣椒 , 把鱼肉切成块中 , 然后用一些盐和辣椒 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司专业生产宠物核心 , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	经过多年的玫瑰花在瑞秋的月亮之后 , 她终于发现他和她一起爱上她 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 得到的是无意义的 , 给予是所有.t5.i.7
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	" 改变 " 指通过深化改革来解决员工的潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人驾驶完美的汽车时 , 没有人责任汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户也可以在这个语言中选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是泡沫的粉丝 , 你就可以尝试盐水替代 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	所以你现在听到了这一点 , 你冲了 , 喝醉了 , 但不用葡萄酒喝 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳暖和促进所有的viscera和器官 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	解决地下水问题的离子反应有很多方法 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	拉斯增强剂在山坡、肥皂和面部洗涤中优势 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是饮食、静静和梅里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期的牛市趋势从2001年获得的趋势仍然完整 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	肉类鱼蛋白浓缩是1980年代发展的新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把小笔笔从尾巴拿到头上 , 用鱼和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着纳西斯的第一次讲话 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我会买一个像吴先生这样的婴儿兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始了一个业务 , 他们说 , 让我们分开程序 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你正在浪费一点 , 所以说话不必要 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实际材料主义和pits理论的本质 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚的格雷菲蒂在首都迪里 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶巡逻者绝对希望免除这一切的本质 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个被称为内存管理单元的子系统 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方周日表示 , 死亡人数在射击中升至86人 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物细胞和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是年轻人 , 被看作是创新和创造力的背景 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议用 " 反老化 " 的话来对任何东西 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑长蓝铅笔的文章由记者写成 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	为了日期 , 今年 , 今年有63 , 595个销售经过rontomls系统 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表声明 , 弗雷迪是我们的一部分 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	其他人都用自己的网站来削弱他们的网站 , 可以做任何他们想要和愿意的事情 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	随后在赛季 , 尽管好规划 , 产品开始不平衡运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	先锋的时间是一种宝藏 , 对于懒惰的人来说 , 是一种负担 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝绸是很好的品质 , 他们是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始建立你的团队 , 你会在未来很容易的时间 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但即使如此 , 两妹仍然不能帮助 , 但认为她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕捕捉 , 一个年度的结果 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	当我进入了托拉蒂的杯室时 , 我的嘴巴很广泛 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象另外一个250万人在未来20年的城市化中国 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	您可以在垂直箭头上保持锁定的细节 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些地形被称为天城 , 或者 " 自然形成的 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球到了第二秒 , 你会把它带到风中 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形成的珠子 , 耳朵 , 儿子 , 欢迎顺序 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	对于发布什么和如何释放 , 当局将符合相关法律 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你觉得这是一个非常好的机会吗 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	twiggy两个男孩和女孩都是她的时光镜子 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走了路 , 他等待证明更多的权利更大 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	经过一刻的犹豫之后 , tweener到达外面 , 拿着手机 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	一般来说 , 世界越来越多你的briny世界 , 接受了登记 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	标记两个1.4x在图片质量方面比一个2x更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听音带 , 找出本文的主要思想 , 以及如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素首次成为糖尿病的使用 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 不一切长期的餐厅都是庆祝乐趣 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:日心有恶魔的身体 , 分支了 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 亲吻他 , 爱他所有的心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 您将能在您的spapecs时转换热栏配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	在卡拉卢普尔的一些橡胶房地产有很多驾驶 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	范达错过约奎姆是新加坡国家花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复方张国胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	姚山地区医药植物研究与研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这击败了匿名类型的强类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	孙玉文是清末清的重要数字 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的未来 , 具有重要社会后果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这就是意识到很多孩子在这里不能去学校 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	为了完成完成 , 很难把他拖下来 , 这是很困难的 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多我们在epa内做的问题 , 或者技术上 , 是自然的 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个男子是来自爱尔德尔郡谢里夫的办公室的地下部门 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:请更新我们关于shinhwa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不会告诉耶稣为什么犯了一些泥泞 , 把它放在人眼里 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	队长带来了男人注意到总体来 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 , 他忘记他没有成长任何年轻人 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	您需要将现有的项目加载到集成开发环境中 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	而且 , 在菲勒与癌症战争期间 , 他们将与他一起战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 要避免自定制考试更困难 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	在金融危机中 , 美国酒公司正在寻找激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	保持跟踪您需要支付保险和办公供应的多少钱 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 经过g的收到经常依赖于转变良好的情绪 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称受害者的身体 , 比如康复工作在路下 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志阅读这是一个新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是夏季三角星的讨论中第三 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在玩园里 , 他自演员以来 , 它是错误的劳动者 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	利用本厂 , 设计了以下的服务定义的数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩毁坏了泥、枝叶和叶子的溪流 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	让我们第一次喝一些咖啡 。 我也喜欢一个三明治 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布林纳的工作是纯粹的浪漫 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我把这张意大利称为 " 梅西尼亚现象 " 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	阅读方向 , 直接您将在正确方向中直接指导 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但是当政策持有者是抵押贷款的人时 , 应该有不同的情况 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计你已经怀孕了多长时间 , 你的工作日期 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为一些原因 , 我的想法是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否还是不要融资时 , 还有很多因素来康·西德 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们在我的家里有七个孩子 。 除了我外 , 所有妹妹都有 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	为此 , 它提供了这种内部特定推广器的理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出他们的门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界里 , 还有一个印象深刻的春水和秋山景 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了许多草根专家在双方.com上发现 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我把鲸、鱼和鸟都制成每一尺寸、形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两人意味着一起 , 最终他们会发现他们的眼睛回来 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评价:并行网提供无关数据的局部性 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐厅建议可以被其他朋友看到 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图删除许多不可能的情况 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	他有美联储住的厨房来鲨鱼 。  ( 没有厨房 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	盾牌和草药邮件显示您的定制禁止器 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	有些人相信中央政府也有关心 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她通过了一个犯罪场景 , 有人在街上拍摄的人 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	东端的查普尔项目比大门更远 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有发现的人都会打开瓶子--------------------------------------
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0中 , 介绍了许多额外的增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿释放耶稣 , 再次向他们说话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗疲劳和调节免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要注册域名和注册程序名 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁棒布什提供最大负载支撑 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南称为 " 植物王国 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 罗森伯格和罗森伯格在军事涂层 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 , 4岁 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	本机具有配件性和适合于内索尔的咬合性 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后他把下一个小时变成整体 , 然后把下一个小时当作尘埃人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块雪达奶酪 , 在它里挤满了袋子 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们第三次来了 , 这是因为ivor在开始时抓到了一个蟹 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	蜜蜂保持者在冬天之后不会发现死亡成年蜜蜂 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	stiga现在已经经营组合速度和触摸同样的刀片 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	您可能会用n、或maxargs、参数覆盖这个行为 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	不 , 你可以把他放在我整个晚上 , " 我回答道 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	与此同时 , 他们对吸收的敏感性比以往的敏感性更高 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有好的中国作家都值得任何东西都值得重新调整 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	谁 , 对谁来说 , 谁在千年里等待永恒 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会错过机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这是由阿瑟的半姐摩根领导的 , 摩根是一个巫婆 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在kelly下 , 西方人在2008年与圣乔治合并 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我要叫你 , 因为男孩来自你的城市 , 海登博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一个漂亮的照片 , 但即使我们很高兴回到形式 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	尽管实际上 , 我们可能会看起来不同或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	住房成本与数十亿人民的重要利益有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	提名和八个婚姻 , 在79岁的洛杉矶死亡 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野外竞选对波尔克和粘土都作出了挑战 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	在序列初始学习过程中 , 这些区域不同 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的新闻 , 用agate和lapislazuli , 填满了一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁裤的飞行区域 , 然后第一条腿的缝纫和海姆 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察宁兴市镇镇桩供应库的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	在我们的医院可用乳喂牧牧草来帮助你 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了适当处理批评 , 您也需要适当处理赞誉 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怕的 。 不愿死 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	因为这只是当我喂自己时 , 我不期待被奖励的时候 , 就像我自己一样 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	当他的汽车碰撞时 , 差巴里停止了一包包包 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	当有人说话时 , " 我是一个演讲者 , " 这通常是他们的意思 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	在高速公路的高速填充部分中 , 可以使用盐化渣灰 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	这项发现由nasa飞机弹簧望远镜卡普勒制成 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是把煤矿削减出更大的块子 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	针对不同受体的辐射和绑定评价的应用研究 。
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	它远离国家 , 但总是和我一起 , 无论我在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有的疲劳情绪都是某种事情 , 必须保持生命 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这个项目对很多原因很有兴趣 , " 罗克森先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 友谊世界有嫉妒 , 没有什么比爱更少 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	" 你觉得你是在哪里 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔网络受伤 , 我得到了我的机会为英格兰踢球 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的手指做了一些金属提示 , 学会再次演奏 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以保持冷却在强烈的情况下 , 她会注意到 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	在比赛中 , 随着这些散步只是飞过其他的口袋自行车 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	提高水盐效率 , 也是节约水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	杰里米的眼睛在看着城市灯光的时候广泛 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开了那里5点00pm , 我们都很高兴 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你怎么找到 " 智慧 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢您组织这一点 。 我发现它最有趣 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是深绿、深、运行全年 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也会获得自由自由的强迫教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了认识疾病 , 审查和报告就像下面一样 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	简妮是对的 , 这里的诱惑可以免费捕捉和拍摄 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我跳得很好 , " 他急忙告诉她 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	刷新研究和营销运作将是福拉德先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	同类药物也很罕见 , 这使新西兰住在一起 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在citigroup上 , 收入下降280亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰依然坚定 , 通过这些挑战时代移动 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	没有好的亨利 , 在你的房子里裂缝 , 另一个房子里躺在一起 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	阿巴斯先生说 , 与波威尔谈话深 , 严重和希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私法的编码应该模拟德国一个 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我使我的生活变成了文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 操作系统在组装中手编码并不可移植 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你会有一些东西来展示它 , 甚至可能结束在youtub 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公平公平的路上 , 必须避免峡谷左边 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小mermaid是安德森的更多移动童话之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	就像婴儿的记忆一样 , 它被戴明自己看到的那只鸡蛋 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应当附着文档和形式在外语中执行 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	林德萨伊说: " 海军蓝是真正的颜色 , 给我们信心 。 "
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了分析绝对莫萨尔基因的基因很难 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船壳清洗机器人的集体性设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	grasp规划是主奴隶德克思主人的最重要课题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	利用最新的技术和程序在制造、办公管理和设计中的过程 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回指定协调项目的零基本指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着看到外面 , 开始抓一只鸭腿 , 单独咬一切 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道对服装行业的绝望永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	给出了关于电力线载体设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业规模it架构 , 用于链接资源的需求 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年国际大学毕业生总年增长了12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺并非纯粹的仪式和形式 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	月球城镇 , 像通利这样的城镇也是一个世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种新型的olefins水解催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨pts对大鼠焦点脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	ftlauderdalesun-明星与海滩暴力和漂浮水相比 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	塔尔帕林 , 可以看到中国各地的地方 , 说不仅是非常独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	深入的变化是来的 , 它旨在转换几个生命的phellosophellosophelloes 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	夏季 , 老鼠一般住在外面 , 仍然在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	制作滑滑动并行转的关键是控制侧滑动 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一个步骤是实例连接组件的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个免费的抽屉啤酒 , 用于购买午餐时装啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱官 , 陪审团获得了大批监管 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	六所美国学校获得了超过2 , 250学位 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须把武器吸入加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我非常满意 , 从2001年到现在的几年里 , 数量超过了生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:在几个项目中映射各种abd工作流程 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	中世纪世界每天都在交易中 , 从来没有坚持准备金钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能滥用和扭曲人们 , 希望得到准确和可信的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgml是世界上最广泛的sgml解析器 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看起来 , 南妮 , 香水 , " 艾伦诺举行了一瓶cologone 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾经试图回答这些问题 , 或者你自己或其他人都是否有问题呢 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	目录包含最新发布的项目和其描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	它为今年的税收政策设立了税收政策 , 自1997年以来也有一份预期的报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立ninxin胶囊的定性鉴别方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫法检测尿浆尿管肥胖的方法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他alys为他的班级做了完整的准备 , 仔细修正我们的家庭轨道 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	老加:为了我要做的 , 小怪 ! ! !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活的生物跑回来 , 回到了一片闪烁的灯光 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们采取了各种律师和法律学术的交易 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	用possonsson比为零时 , 得到了位移精确解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响5个友好目标和5个敌人目标的最大目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然希望看到只有晚期的sipping、脚本写作观众 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个微笑 , 相当多尔基微笑 , 但是有一个笑容 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小化渗透 , 可能有助于防止烧伤的薄材料 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合隔离系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的卢布丁·安克尔靴子提供了她的高时尚边缘 , 她是著名的 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高固醇水平可以影响睡眠、体重和免疫阻力 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果编辑中心理问题的发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划出版一系列古典版的现代版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	由切割木制成 , 所有的块和清洁都是由樱桃木制成的 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品一直被编译成了jaotsungi的系列艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进了鳄鱼 , 只是用你的靴子打开它们 , 你想抓我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢你做的时候 , 你更可能做得很好 , 成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的观点对我来说 , " 如何把这些邮件的部分放在一起 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache在过程列表中 , 这可以做一个滑动测试来尝试ping当地主机 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:那是奇怪的 , 如果每个评论都离开了2点08 , 那就必须是一个线索 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁·费斯特尔 , 一名宇航员 , 在他的眼睛里得到了肥皂 , 开始撕裂 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , td数字手机在技术上可行 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将提供一些关于观点、食品、住宅的查询或参考 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左派的民主党的恩科信塔说 , 暴力必须被删除 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:好吧 , 这是个......好吧 。 让我教你 。 另外一个等于两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文对传统语法学家制作的研究进一步发展作了进一步的研究 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help提高 。 因此 , 它是中国的基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这一刻你会有梦想 ; 但这时刻的研究 , 你会解释梦想 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我提到的那样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想问 " 如果你可以直接做一些事情 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我做了问 , 这个男孩说他刚刚刚玩过 , 只有在一年里没有测试过 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	男孩回答说: " 哦 , 那是他的母亲 。 她想他成为医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	好的 , 这是一个观察 , 但它是一个蒸汽的观察 , 这就是使所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	戴拉周围飞行的蝴蝶 , 说: " 你能在空中闻到春天 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我喜欢上帝 , 我会把你扔出这个房子里 , 从不再看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每当你触摸你的脸时 , 你都会采取肮脏和石油 , 可以登录垃圾池 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	第一行将由塔拉成员设计 , 包括他们的写作和图片 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果申请附加的数量不应当申请该子条款 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebay声称 , 预防诈骗的工作比其他支付服务更好 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同tnm阶段的tnm相关系数是0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃权利 , 你说的任何东西都可以用来反对你在法院的法庭 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 由m50烷基存在的检测引起的干扰 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	愿你依然坚强 , 继续为我们祈祷 , 大多数荣誉和尊敬耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	您还可以设计自己的模块 , 因此webmin总是可以适应您的需要 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	dialer用usb手机或头部打电话打电话 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们要试图解决我们的国家和我们的关系几十年来遇到的问题 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	我觉得每次我们都需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转了四十五岁的时候 , 她发现勇气走走去 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在面试结束的结束时 , 没有更多的伤害 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	在chiffon的声音 , 可以调整肩带和层状的肩带 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba可以在sn病变后提高hsp60的表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	merrie摇着头 , " 我不认为他们还是如何生活了 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实的案件是一个23岁的男子 , 来自西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单个旗舰产品具有潜在的整合性 , 用于scm套件其他方面的scm套件 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿兹 , 欢迎一周的cnn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次约翰流向香港 , 他病了 , 他必须使用空病袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我从垃圾里拿出它时 , 它被覆盖在蛋糕里 , 粘着垃圾里 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听报道 , 了解景观 , 把你的耳朵放在前面 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	让耶和华看见它 , 使他放弃了 , 他从他那里转过来 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组显著低于其他人 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做些好 , 无论他们多少小 , 庆祝他们只是在月球上登陆 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	图形类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请打电话邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你 , 比你知道的爱 , 就像日子一样长大 , 还有人喜欢你 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的捕捉者 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	用 " 我被破坏 " 模式表达自己 , 当你感觉僵硬时 , 就会用自己表达自己 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我的父母说话和行为如 " 老孩子 " , 常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	布法洛为我们共享的材料提供了很多关注人类舞蹈 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国2007-2009年经济衰退刚刚刚两年前出现 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 放在大碗里 , 直到两个尺寸 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们对这个想法说 , 迪伊兹先生只是想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	我们之间的东西不能隐藏 , 陌生人手重在你的心里 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续到南沙拉 , 已经成为灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 你今晚会穿上你的心 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们的真正的命运 , 我们不会发现自己独自生活的意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	杰姆看起来很快醒来了 , 他把戴尔卡放进去了 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	这种育种只是在普通金鱼的花园里 , 比萨尔变化只有一个 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	无休的音乐 , 冒险 , 抛出 , 寻找球员连接它们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何可以一边 , 这个斑点问朱晓淑是个小羊毛 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在恐怖和灵感 , 因为他们带着翅膀和呼吸的时候 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你珍贵的小时可能会更好地花费考虑你是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人广告他们的服务-被称为scort服务---在互联网上 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们增加了人工智能 , 我们可以发现设备是否快乐 , 就会成为一个团队 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	此外 , 2/84例患者不能被rsca检测到他们的贫困pcr结果 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我将住在你身边的生活 , 只是在天空里闪烁你 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 但我也不知道 , 同时 , 我觉得人们对他们做的事情非常感兴趣 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在雅典 , 510年-490年bc , 来自意大利vulci的vulci 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅重新启用了很长时间 , 就会被人们所知的 " 烹饪 " 到 " 好 " , 就像我可以 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦的年轻植物和草是最好喂养nympha 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	如今 , 越来越多的人在国外学习 , 返回也不那么受欢迎 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终 , 群众的轮胎 , 他只是在轮胎上玩笑 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	正如我们所有人都知道 , 中国在1840年开始对谦虚的现代化 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰伯·威尔金森:一个人只有一个生命 , 但是历史才能永远记住你 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 热将海水沿着地壳向后推出 , 它会遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.科恩的教学和它的预测需要在那个范围内 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年代末 , 一些npo已经意识到营销可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	作物科学家jesss低伯格德博尔说 , 这帮助当地农民与他们有关 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我觉得很糟糕 , 听到你说话 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	硝酸盐是锌湾溶解无机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一个肝过滤器去除最大的所有原子 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果你决定有更多的特性丰富的数据库 , 您必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	有一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻花 , 可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	kra不能直接应用到不确定数据 , 因为不确定数据具有概率 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的回报 , 预计薪水和照片按邮件发送 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李白说在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是一个优秀的地方培养 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但是可能你想在大屏幕上看到它吗 ? 可能在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持着强壮和强壮的迈克 。 他的袋子里的水瓶炸了 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流网站 , 城市风险较高 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合防御中 , 有过渡的犯罪形式 , 也存在过剩的行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 人类观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	小心的检查确认 , 无论什么都没有吹动 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时候 , 这将适用于削减视觉设计或帮助麻烦引导 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	不管我去哪里 , 杨州的小吃不会留下我的心 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接的增加速度是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	这里希望他的作品更多的翻译成英语 。 很快 , 请 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	在医学文献中 , 癌症的表现表现为生物学分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	飞机是向个人计算机发射飞行钓鱼 , 微芯片是什么 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	今天我们的老师们又把我们的老师放在了下来 , 马上跳起来 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	与不同神经根缺陷相关的物理检查结果 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	残疾 , 恐怖的膝盖疼痛 , 满足以下标准的两者 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全是美丽的清洁 , 蔬菜丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	您可以空气干燥的体育灯 , 以延长水工制品的寿命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	寒冷冬天没有影响夏季和秋季爆发的趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	例如 , 在西康 , 许多问题已经在这个领域中作出了 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	照片的分钟碎片可能是很难文化的困难 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个转换器活性pixel的临时恢复技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案简单 , 答案使用反例找到了答案 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:测定北部hibiscusyriacus营养分 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄隆西燃烧火龙回到南宋 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	cusidhe是大量的 , 黑色的绿色迷人从来没有年轻的土地 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印一个可解析的特性插件列表 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思维、语言和操作的一种材料形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人经常被打败 , 被迫住在监狱类似条件下 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	销售部门级别位置 。 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的旅行过程中 , 我们已经学到了我们访问的所有地方 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这个美丽的地方 。 它叫做土斯科尼 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那他可能会牺牲她 , 把她洗在水里的水洗净 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	如何克服我的老自我救济的心理能力 ? 非常激动 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	直到深圳大学开始之前 , 有两个星期不到两个星期 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	橡胶霜 , 用于加热 , 更容易被皮肤吸收 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	它站在一起 , 它的肌肉痉挛 , 然后倒下来 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了获得自己实际上 , 我最喜欢的技巧是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一个步骤将是将这样的系统添加到主要的地铁 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国老年 , 8%的儿童收到了不正式的教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸爸被诊断为hellos生命的主要病例 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 在巴黎的第二个最高的巴黎 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	几个月 , 房子被修理 , 我们住在我们下门的房子里 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	根据兼容编辑的编辑 , 新闻不全是坏的 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的一个对象是微小化电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehboob作为一个项目经理 , 当shelter为妇女工作时 , uzmamehboob作为一个程序管理器 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基壁纸生产的研究和生产 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们将红球替代为蓝球 , 看看婴儿是否能注意到的 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	伟大的愿意战斗玉水地震继续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为头发纤维的外部纹理层被破碎 , 而且是由于头发纤维的外部纹理层 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、氨酸、膨胀酶、锰酶等组成 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经摧毁了阿根廷5号 " 超级颜色 " 的袭击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	yn的应力剪切器比内部的连锁钉更少 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	本炉采用于安山铁和钢铁 , 作为示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国对总统法官选举制度的改革实施了5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉到身体放松 , 感觉紧张消失 , 但不要睡觉 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月的沉默之后 , 有一些显著的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们曾经拿起他们的侄女的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的卫兵 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	问卷 , 问题是 , 两者之间没有一个情形的联系 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	这之后的原因是 , 它使产品看起来更高的蛋白质水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	azo被电子束蒸发沉积在k9基底上 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个调查站是我投票的地方 , 并列出在我的电梯信息卡上 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc绝缘和pvc密封的细钢丝电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术已广泛应用于水处理工业 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当罐子填满时 , 它将填满所有的空间 , 然后把塑料紧紧 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马尔摩塞厨房里 , 彼得准备猴子的日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	金ap去寻找世界 , 人类的世界大朋友困难寻找 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	文章还描述了消除方案、控制条件和清洗结果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大多数日子 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮摩擦理论是动态心理学的关注 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激动o2分子氧化溶剂中的自由基 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	詹娜:澳大利亚指责一家中国餐厅烹饪科拉斯 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的同步操作符是一个重要的结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	好的 , 如果我有选项 , 我真想去学校学习语言学院 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 在突破后 , 个人已经减少自我概念清晰度 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今晚的组织在绿色的屏幕上温暖的昆虫声音 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由拉伸塑料布局绝缘 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	随着越来越多的时候 , 如梅克里·xian地面 , 荣耀的y射击 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金和灾难救济的材料 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布图像的形状 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人将接受他们的测试报告表 , 在他们完成了他们的测试之后 , 他们将接受他们的测试报告表 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱的时候 , 鱼本身就会变成全球的形式 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了如何使数据结构大 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九个点是通过900个简单的引用和引用的 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我很喜欢晚些时候住 , 但是我的妈妈会在10岁的家里打个适合 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那里的时候 , 你认为的第一件事是 " 我的神 , 这个地方很奇怪 。 "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 恐怖的性暴力在每个村庄周围的村庄里都在进行 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	时候 , 也许两个星期 , 你会准备好看到和目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	讨论了颗粒双分形频率分割的特点 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	例如:基于高分辨率图像组件的报告将在高质量印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱情并不一致 , 彼此不一致 , 但在相同的方向上期待着 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染和其受害者的大源泉 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么呢 ? 实际上我躺在那里 , 当我说答案在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们很快就会发现我们的表示在我们从未设置足球之前完成 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	沃伦特·克里克只是在奥克兰外面 , 爱苹果产品 , 还有很多互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说: " 他们倾向于把石油放进海湾 , 在那里 , 石油正在占领海洋 。 "
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试非常有趣 , 因为字符串缓冲区优化为执行快端应用程序 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后 , 您可以创建有益的检查列表或其他文章 , 如人们可以下载的pdfs 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待事情完美 , 你会等待很长时间等待 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	查看你会在人群上访问的网站的人 。 aspx页面 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显示稳定 , 但更多的善良和关心 。 谢谢你对我感到重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	在某些情况下 , 是的 , 但是内在的怀疑主义生活在 , 专家说 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年苏哈拉托从苏卡诺到印尼总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅可以从水中走出鱼 , 而且它们也可以在土地上旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	男孩把苹果扔掉了 , 然后把它剪掉在孤儿院 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为土壤侵蚀研究中的一种新方法 , 红外跟踪技术广泛应用于土壤侵蚀研究中 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还通过 " 基因组移植 " 转换了一种细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	与我的nikon50mf1.4相比 , 在最大孔度比较好 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少一半的日期率将双倍的符号间隔时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那你为什么哭泣 ? " 鸟问道 , " 你会让我湿 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自那时16年以来 , 战争延伸不断 , 但相对较小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上有点悲伤 , 因为我真喜欢密歇根州立大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争对手: " 我仔细观察我的竞争对手和很多尊重 。 "
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但是多比要来 。 多比要保护哈利波特 。 要警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	本人在回家的房间里拿出来 , 这样晚些时候 , 做了很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择阅读每个词 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	而非法的阿富汗可以再次成为基地组织的基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	另外 , 我所有的队友都是勇敢的 , 类型和可用的服装室 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 如自杀 , 在生命保险案件中 , 我们必须排除某些原因 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢tuktutuktuk , 等于把头放在一个混合器里 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以把水卷掉郭的金属 , 把它们不到五度 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	麦琪说 , " 我知道 , 但它只有一年半远离毕业 。
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使只要寻找一个伤亡的狮子 , 也不要穿着像一个不制造的床子 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它到达塑料板上 , 用肉滴掉骨头 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	洪水树之间的植物资料为鱼、蟹和龟 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	锅炉2030年不需要修改 , 以满足新规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满快乐和希望 , 所有的祝福神都希望我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年我们从重庆市的重庆地区有30名市长 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能阅读它 , 它不会对你有什么访问 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 并且对各种问题有着强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	指定ihr联系点在总部或区域级别 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我觉得我们在一个更长的马来 , 或者只是一个下面的渠道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但是这种效果太不具体 , 很少会导致清除和分泌转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无需说这是一个欢迎的梦想 , 但它仍然是那么有趣的 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高反馈提升机座位设计适合一个生长的孩子到120磅 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一个getter , 他会做出一个优秀的学生体育总裁 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了1888不锈钢的腐蚀和消除原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说 , 她在考虑一旦居民被允许搬回来的时候 , 她就会考虑重新开放 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以把那个旧日记丢掉 , 或者打开一个单词文档 , 然后尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持球形 , 满足常规释率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尔贝里亚的故事 , 来自新泽西的一个无家庭人 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	而且我也会喂到奴隶的群块 , 即使你 , 贫困的群体 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3其他os安装器从索尼下载并保存其它os.自我 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	扫描437其他病例和2077年控制产生相同的结果 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到会议 , 那么你有更多时间准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了中国女性不同背景的生活状况 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	它只是在你的淋浴头后 , 所以你甚至不会注意到它 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择自己的生命和比尔盖特的生活 , 那就是一个诺贝尔的大脑 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球性能和弯曲性能和高电绝缘性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	矛盾上 , 志愿联盟的原则导致农民的关注较低 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波半径最高位置模式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明了一般历史趋势 , 这就是人们所吸引的东西 , 没有人能防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经常说服很多人来看我 , 我必须保持任命 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	利用生物固定膜滤波器的控制是一种经济有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的人格在全身拍摄的时候 , 各种不同的人格的行为在奥尔查德路上 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	对于企业和企业之间的员工来说 , 企业应该在第一赢后成为员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后cicseci连接工厂为cics服务器提供连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladesystem为管理台提供了层次和相关基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦领土为晚期战争状态 , 秦统一中国在北部一县 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理器带来更少的请求 , 可以处理更多的系统 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了 , 这就是对象说答案已经得到了 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息共识 , 获得指纹印刷和棕榈模式的印刷 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	洪水引起了三峡大坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然ea四分之一的成年人愿意在90岁以上生活到他们的90岁以上 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	因此 , 我们继续在中期的趋势下继续承印度股票 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标签 ( 或l-标签是由通道分配问题激励的 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维在彻底增长后 , 取掉糖 , 取消蛋白加工 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含了推广器主要结构的基本特征 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	在石英管炉中 , 进行了碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	甲基斯特帮助学习卡尔玛超越频率的频率 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用饲料酒精液建立酒精肝障碍的酒精肝障碍模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	它保证了夏季的许诺季节 , 也是最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法研究了杯氧化物的氯化平衡性 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜂窝技能是一种活跃的防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展验证协议可以支持许多认证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们滥用了他们的力量 , 使人民受到了强烈的反对 , 因此在群众中引起了强烈的不满 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型从psd到rtfs , 被接受并可下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	邱雪森是科学造成的最伟大的科学家之一 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当爱德发现时 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕捉几个关键的卡特尔的关键成员 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地发现他20岁的女儿在她回到美国学习之后穿着他们的家里 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	1925年林回到中国 , 作为北京国家职业艺术学院的主要工作 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果312个月患者随访3个月 , 所有患者都获得满意的结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 帕德rewski将左手伸下来 , 然后开始填补基本部分 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前操作符适用于现有文件 , 后者重写现有内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	可获得马氏体转换量随着这些因素的增加而降低 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 国王召唤了一百八个荣誉的女王 , 命令孙武训练他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	福克金字下面应用 " 福岛东海水 " 字体的同一过程 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉兄弟只有那个目标是一个人 , 曾经被剥夺和威胁他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:女王主持一个正式婚礼午餐 , 在宫殿上650名客人 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的权利意味着国家和其他国家不应该有能力 , 而且没有选择侵入 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	在安装过程中 , brea将成为橙色县太阳能电源最大的市用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	星期二 , 冰岛火山仍在爆发 , 尽管云降低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	帮助我的皮肤 , 还有水解皮肤的皮肤 , 因为我有很干燥的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	当路上有悲伤的面粉红尘暴雨时 , 交流云才来到了一端 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	更早或晚些时候 , 波浪会沿着 , 打击我们所工作的那么艰难的建筑物 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的根本利益和人民的基本利益 , 贵族专业的优势 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们也可以鼓励他们的员工捐给当地企业家的俱乐部的时间 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们正在与你相匹配的队伍平均在1500岁以下 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街摄影师四大奇妙的营销思想 , 营销方式强制可调 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这个小飞行将是短期对称形状的恒星 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女性在城市的阴影中留下了铁窗铁路 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育的产业是西方教育的伟大影响之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	刘易斯 。 一个火星带着生命 。 一个有浮动、生活岛的人口的水资源 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样 , 也有詹姆斯和约翰 , 齐比迪的儿子 , 与西蒙合作伙伴 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持进入先锋战役 , 随着艾伦保保杀孩子 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月从亚洲电影制作者每个月都会遭到新的脚本 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们携带禁令倡导宗教自由和歌唱 " 我们应该克服 。 "
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他是否只是服从某种本能的冲动 , 甚至是对自己来说是不可思议的 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	压电作为功能材料的广泛应用于汽车 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是一个自由的硫 , 多比来节省哈利波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇到不到的话 , 虽然细腻但可以陷入大量的猎物 , 强度和闭合 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过旧镇 , 看着一个很老的房子被拆除了 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	你第一次看到你在门前走的时候 , 我们的小朋友来自人类学 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	而且 , 虽然有些平台需要立即注意 , 但是你的参与并不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	非交易投资组合的价格风险和交易组合 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 如高s/n、良好的平等性和非分解性 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	这导致了摩西出生的帐户 , 他对尼尔河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚拥有大规模毁灭武器 , 以防我们使用 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	随后 , 日本当局的调查确认老师已经被淘汰了 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	您需要更好的生产力方法 , 这样你可以与其他的共同项目合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可以在您的新和现有的解决方案中心项目中重用 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有鲸鱼 , cetaceanbiltng比新鲜的东西更可爱 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	单击右键控制knuck角 , 左点击控制slewing和顶尖角 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	燕子走到宫殿里 , 穿着薄薄的马 , 穿着弱的马 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为促进当地食品文化 , 采矿本地菜为精神奠定了良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空接触的统计断裂性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	可以使用jdbc和记录级访问访问访问数据库资源 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpcs的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院子里的仆女听着你的仍然听着乔珍的听话吗 ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 如果有些人熟悉佛的十二个死亡 , 佛陀的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在 , 这里是我们发现你的其他腿不需要删除的好消息 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨小肠内质量ct诊断的价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字maefidei的教学是海洋保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港贸易发展委员会执行董事fredericklam , 香港 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这是我收到的遗产 , 现在已经被送到我自己的孩子 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用一个叫做重力透镜的现象检测远程星系 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了星系星系的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何在phd论文提出的线上进行新颖的搜索 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说他们喜欢设计灵活性 , 他们通过消除空间消费的空间轮胎 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键功能之一是处理多种语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你急忙把你的女儿打开杯子 。 她在泪水中断了下来 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑的注意:这个故事的原始版本错过马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	在设计中 , 采用各种内容和事实的木材材作为主要材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	金钱收集被用来建立在进入体育场的零星系 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转过来 , 把一群当地的战斗机放在附近的路块附近 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间床紧密接近窗户 , 而他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文介绍了cjk200自动成功和排放变换器的发展和试验 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人还坐在户外 , 享受凉爽的夜晚空气 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超字符串的奇怪特征是它们只能在10维内振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	当人们在仓库俱乐部的商店时 , 我总是混乱了 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	1968年 , 比尔科尔毕业于华克森林大学 , 开始为皮特染色工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·梅纳德和保罗·梅纳德 , 梅纳德的硬件监督者的父亲和儿子 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	多年级的城堡大小和字符进步是我最喜欢的新附加部分的两个 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们开始在酒店酒吧 , 自由汽车和它打击了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	1995年中期 , 西欧10%的失业率预计将在1995年中期打击12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有以下标准都必须满足以下 , 以便有所考虑的是可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	如果我们继续锻炼自己生活在我们学习的话 , 上帝就会增加我们的研究 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港艾滋病毒感染已积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 个体大脑细胞会回应一个声音 , 但不再是另一个声音 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	证明19:29个企鹅被准备为模具制备 , 并为愚蠢的背部打击了 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	接下来 , 提出了直接序列和混合dsth来促进irma 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了三位物理学家作为 " 光明大师 " 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符之外 , 字符可以允许并不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉弗里斯基 , 你在工作前有十秒的时间 , 你知道哪里找到我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	但事实上 , 我们都知道 , 每次时间都不到50毫米 , 心里的精度很差 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密的 , 超级的女孩 , 我肯定他在这里享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器还使用在启动平台上监控虚假启动和正确的继电更改 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热锅和少量橄榄油 , 加入兰花岗岩 , 轻轻棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	atb广泛应用于国外 , 但在国内很少使用 。 atb的研究刚刚开始在我们的国家 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以他们用所有的 " 丈夫和推动你的房子 " 的故事 , 然后把你的房子吹下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm拥有超过50个不同的程序促进美国工作平衡和银行30多个 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是 , 随着美国和传统的欧洲电力代理人 , 可能存在问题 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国保留该条款和条件没有任何先前通知的权利 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到了灰色反馈的靴子的破坏 , 因为他在赫敏前走下来 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	穆斯丁 , 潮湿 , 呼吸 , 一种新泪 , 一个液体或土壤的婴儿 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过通过xml定义特定值来实现该合同 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府理解这一点和党 , 最重要的资产阶级感觉它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 异染色体imay是肺腺癌的特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可以选择石头所有的颜色 , 或添加一个或两个超色的石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	肯定 , 我会在全国举行 , 为我的丈夫和其他候选人而奋斗 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	任何预测的协议和标准都在讨论下 , 但没有达成共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我会感兴趣听到更多的价值 , 我们应该在评估审查中优先的评估 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	今年11月 , 这个党比今年11月至少有一家国会的房子更好 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	针对lan/wan连接 , 建议每包的音频框架下设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化和存储时间显著影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 就像我们所说的那样 , 两者都在迅速包含和透明的分钟 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生还没有把洋葱放在一起 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有这些都需要做事务的业务消息 , 这就是amqp交付的 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	切口的血汗和汗水 , 泥和火焰激情 , 在滴下颜色上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , spandex的产业繁荣将继续上升 , 联合国持有将有利 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后 , 最优化rtl将美联储到代码生成器中 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	特里·杜马西斯 , 美国奥运会 , 第三在484.25分完成了第三 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是在非洲的威弗蚂蚁的案例中 , 这种描述可能比一个隐喻更多 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	如果你正在寻找独立和浪漫的话 , 你可以在巴哈马的外部遥远岛屿 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告中的故事既不冷又平滑 , 又有一些虚假 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	那是谁 ? 啊 , 朱海尔·穆拉德 , 这是第一选择 。 我看到它在赛车上 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	所有他都能说 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他拿出手臂 , 这样她可以看到那个空间的袖子 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我从来没有感觉到风 , 但仍然有那么伟大的 " 劳动感 " 下一天 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后 , 他在夜间醒来 , 想起他可能雇佣的所有迷人的花园 。
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	稍微微微弱 , 一些有帮助的提示 , 瑞典可以比你使用的更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我的旅程从拉斯维加斯到爱荷华 , 当时我年轻时 , 孩子和海军...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们打电话给我说 , 因为它显示他和他带来的球员成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	有一天 , 天堂会部分和完美 , 珍贵的樱桃会在阳光下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	它被称为蓝印 , 为我们的金融监管改革的蓝印刷 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我在这里有一个真正的好处 。 " 约翰尼说 。
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	本周 , 新世界秩序的战线暴露在世界贸易组织 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	纳贝预测似乎与其他美国经济信号有关 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文提出了一种可计算复杂表面加工中铣削力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分讨论了中国外贸相对优势理论的作用 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男性的错误都不能独自坐在一个房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的运动 , 我经常吃鱼 , 没有捕捉任何东西 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然肯有了退休西方的奢侈品 , 但他仍然承诺他伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战士建立了中国和西方风格的私人园林 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但是 , 我们想买的32英寸的模型 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于计划区西部 , 邻近旅游区和城市区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一篇文章 , 解释一切有人需要知道的东西 , 以便使用这个功能 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后人们选择子意识地选择 , 不意识地忽视研究 , 与她的心一起去 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当拉菲克吉尼迪毕业于高中时 , 他知道他想成为工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我将在牙齿钻一小洞 , 以阻止疼痛 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这是设置情感、有效的过程 , 亚当人必须被自我插入 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来临时 , 草丛没有什么 , 但是蚂蚁抱怨胸部疼痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感风格适用于你 , 意识到降低你的标准将会是一个缓解 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学术竞赛将于本周六举行 , 12/11/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平、自由和一个稳定的发展环境 , " 拉利斯人说 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	数学家给了他的那四个日期 , 开始了1697年 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可以为经济增长带来贡献 , 同时也可以阻止它 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为有一些自由主义者回答解决问题 , " 亚洲的k线说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 我们的研究表明 , 为什么干燥开发 , 为什么它持续 。 "
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹晓为了阻止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球发布的中国动物的邮票 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子们用水翅膀保持自己在水里 , 学会游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保持和破碎混凝土基础安装工程来破坏其他艰难的事情 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸书籍 , 咀嚼它 , 否则身体触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节省时间很大减少你花费印刷和联系表项目的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩被所有的鱼游泳在水族坦克中游泳 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个董事会在下一个旋转 , 旋转攻击 , 放短基于短的 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性视网膜坏死的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	相反 , 丈夫回答道: " 我错过一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他不明白地说话 , 虽然他的思想还在其他的东西上 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	tutti执行了一场熟悉的假冒fafafafafafafafafains , 把卡通的权利转向地板 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 内在的公义双胞胎的内在感觉 , 成为一个外部关注的声誉 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾人民有一个伟大的领导人 , 必须对他感到骄傲 。
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	全球范围内 , 每花162亿美元在2009年的新清洁投资 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何东西都是 " 街道 " --有趣的衣服---------------------------------------
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它提高了你的dps , 但是下面的它 , 你的图片不能触发任何洗钱 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	坦桑石晶体的无时间色彩使得每天穿着这件相当理想 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	在这里 , 这是一个更现代的例子 , 下面有一些hah咖啡 , 或者一些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生在那天晚上 , 他必须睡在一个manger6 , 因为他没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山脉解释 , 同时老皮革也顺序 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能迫使你的心脏和神经 , 并且在他们离开之后 , 就会让你的转变得很长 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇航文件管理器帮助你获得最多的android智能手机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	这个位置直接相反的shinagawajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	城市问题:马克思主义方法 , 1977年伦敦 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在那个时候 , 我一直认为为什么有人会如此不合格地想象我的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子和抽屉都转了出来 , 发现我们未见过多年的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	我珍惜的东西 , 他们怎么能影响那些躺在街上的人呢 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布 , 5月消费者价格指数下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	地球的波动 , 风 , 地球的动作是同一持久和谐的 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机期间 , 所以不要辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	综述了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过勤奋的实践和准备 , 他们仍然是学科和专业的 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 从那以后 , 超弦已经证明了比任何预期的人更复杂的复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	推下你的背后 , 走出右边 ! 你应该在你到达国旗之前旋转你的胳膊 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	此外 , 通知更有帮助回答一般问题 , 比详细的问题 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个很好的节约 , " 他在德格拉的最重要停止了罗宾范佩西 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	银行债券市场股票和交易量占总市场的90%左右 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	本拉登在1990年代投票到破产美国已经一部分实现 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给别人的耐心和耐受的人 , 可以赢得爱和照顾别人的友谊 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们认为下一个25到30年 , 机器人和人类将能够谈论 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融灾难也是威胁 , 高级公民通常被目标 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	后来几周 , 肯尼亚人在斯蒂普莱彻举行了金牌 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死亡中提起了他的朋友拉扎尔斯 , 拉扎罗斯死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六届国会重申行线之间有许多线路创新 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:缅甸政府给中国任何迹象表明 , 它会在库塘地区移动 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学英语 , 国外学习 , 国外学习 , 结婚外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	明亮的气象被发现在英国 , 留下了一个生命的绿色轨道 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在80年代初 , 南切亚是集团的高级生存成员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能会告诉他 , 他真正需要做的事情只是在他身边看起来 , 真的是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔李奇金晶体 , 皇家安大略博物馆 ; 多伦多 , 加拿大加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在15555年 , 她的精神牧师带来了更严重的转变 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她对死亡的恐惧 , 怀疑她仍然在一年的生活 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	三十分钟后 , 她带着她第一次记录的歌曲的cd 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	所以 , 很难想到 , 剥夺是如此高信任 , 缺乏自由和锻炼 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	场景2:建模循环行为的重点是迭代行为的建模 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗姆尼 , 英国肖像画家 , 在坎布里亚死亡 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我的意思是 , 我们正在失去人们的技能 , 因为那里有很好的技术在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	然而 , 随着我们继续改善 , 我们的技术应该越来越透明 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好的 , 我又进床了 , 五分钟后 , 门上有一只爆炸 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	诗的所有权感:问大地 , 谁倡导上下来呢 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利能见证他的父母在圣诞节时期结婚 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	而且 , 传统上所写的唯一差异是常规的方法 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期的作家学习过 , 像戒指lardner和sherwoodanderson 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小型仪器由切口插入 , 以消除组织和粘附 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 各种各样的事物 , 比如筛选 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 我认为是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请大量著名的武术名字作为教练和顾问 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	裤子和 " 朱莉 " 写在海尼 , 我会穿那件衣 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第二章结束了所有的战争 , 恐惧和政治又分裂了我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	它可以被腐败 , 因为它内部的病毒 , 所以它正在制作外部蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙特龙石氧化物的奥运适合国家标准 , 安全人类 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我正在路上 , 我举行会议 , 有时候在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者将一些新的代码添加到基本kiva3v程序 , 使其编译成果 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只有走鞋 , 我就不能穿裙子或裙子 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他获得了阿尔比的认识和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了对抗stds的性不稳定性程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你有没有发现广场的角落总是很容易损坏 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我认为 , 早期极端探索者 , 因为我把自己带到走路上 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nuwa在所有这些事情都感到很抱歉 , 并决定修理天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	并发化疗法可能是宫颈癌的主要流行方法 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭顾问提醒父母不要把孩子说成福音真理 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	py显示任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量级别 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 交换到中级汽油或高级汽油将消除打击 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是在未来的芯片中 , 科斯的带宽要求可能会产生大幅的影响 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计一个基于虚拟声学的音频辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	稻米、棉和蔬菜种有时在特殊种子育种中生长 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活需要时间去欣赏我们周围的自然和文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港举行的醒板节和竞争活动 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 伦达·zezula , 欢迎道歉 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	波兰作家在2003年末在巴黎举行了80年代 , 然后在巴黎举行的80年代 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	十七辆自行车 , 随风 , 你穿过花花的生活 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	克尔切纳先生似乎在哪里放松面对 , 她作为一个共识的建筑师跑来 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	双氧素对我们的身体细胞很有毒 。 不要冻结你的 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但是我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的来源不会基于这个葡萄牙的方式 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 好吧 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个男人走进教堂 , 然后又出来了 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事情 。 我只是想有任何故事写的 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在三个安装中 , 是来自中国的人们的超越性报道 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文中提出的文档文档文档文档文档中 , 无包装风格是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	天鹅再次升起来 , 站在一个圈子里 , 等待他们的劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中写了这篇文章 , 它真的是事故发生的 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我绑在胸部 , 把我的下肚子和他们的拳头 , 直到我走出去 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样的是 , 世界上所有的实例地区都显得相同 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	摩塔克尼说 , 如果希望与伊朗的新关系 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变其行为 " 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你可以简单地设置宽度到200 , 高达45 , 然后接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个可以用于工作、娱乐和娱乐的桌子 , 只是一般都在翻过 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动循环时 , 它会扮演真正的斧头 。 这张图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	在英国的英国感觉中 , 反霍乱主义是非常强烈的进入 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家们已经揭示了当地宇宙的最完整的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对于任何查询 , 请在24068050或访问我们的网站接触我们 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	它可能不像过去的一样闪烁 , 但可以更好地为平均工作男女和女性工作 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	目前 , 大量其他非洲国家的爆发正在调查 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 制定了每个侧面和后行攻击的三个规则 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	只有你才能有和平和和甜蜜的休息 , 因为你产生你的身体和灵魂 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种分解性定理 , 并用差异的表现理论证明了分解性定理 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们旅行了禁止城市 , 中国皇帝曾经住在那里 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	很多人认为这是莱姆里亚-在大西洋失去的岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中 , 无毒性、地源性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	相反 , 要完成几天 , 模拟过程可以运行只有二秒 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	表现没有联系到付款 , 实际上是由市场力量和预算决定的 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	" 我想保持下去 , 至少有几十年或两年 , " 他笑着说 。
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	我把一本小书从knapsack上拿到了一本小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华华 , 北美西北部的一个美国在太平洋 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉帕奇尼看起来很惊讶 。 " 你是什么意思 , 我的女儿 ? " 他问 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只有在这里找到饮料 , 没有沙味 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	伯拉对附加剂有一个问题 , 我们希望下周恢复他和seedorf 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻到我 , 闻到厚的味道真的让人们想吃一顿 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你完成了测试你的新动作时 , 将编辑器关闭helloapp.pli 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花一些时间 , 要求你去追求和思考 , 离开和返回 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	滑坡运动的非线性动力特征复杂 , 外部和消散 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股价值为5.33美元 , 上涨5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是有效的实施和有些组织能够克服这些呢 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1毫克p治疗和按摩包的效果 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的脸颊的嘴巴 , 他没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在绍兴工作的前面 , 收到信信 , 姐妹带着我的心 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 它会发现假设 , 标准建立成通常标签 , 可能是假设 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了g5动态系统在线膜厚度测量 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	这个项目还希望存储信息 , 以便它可以为研究和医疗目标提供 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	本文通过对国内外房地产金融比较 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文结合一类模糊区分方程 , 讨论了该方程的工作 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	洪水仍在上升 , 本周在俄亥俄地区的重量下降 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们的头部 , 外部化和投影到其他人 。
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	过去几年来 , 哺乳动物核转移已经取得了很多缺点 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在某种意义上 , 石油价格正在发挥利率的作用 , 当经济过热时 , 通常会发挥兴趣 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	西班牙的白色石头 , 在意大利完成 。 430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上述激励人民 , 但几个老板都有能力真正激励他们的员工 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰服装有限公司是您最信任的供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制遗传学 , 但还有其他的贡献因素 , 你可以控制细胞 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你如何创建个人品牌 ? 服装男孩网络点看下面的点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五章53章是区域麻醉优于hip手术的一般麻醉 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特色为6个开窗 , 一个望远镜和性别人 , 还有3个decklans !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我访问北京时 , 小先生给我一张照片老师给我 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	波斯坦凝聚是 , 大量相同的粒子占据同量子状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	公司表示 , 市场上有两种高定义dvds , 导致与购买公共混乱 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你说 , 他们在一个大型预算影片中被称为我们想象的方法 , 不再能实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿接近朋友和特别助理的布鲁斯·林迪支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的王国当作另一个完全意识的物种 , 没有捕捉自己 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	跳动的行为指链接到一个歌曲的行为 , 附着一个150个字符的评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不要使用妊娠状况、癫痫、心脏、超血压、脑损伤 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统的动态模型 , 得出了动态方程的数值计算结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些将有助于你进步提高技术、内容和当然的体现 , 如果不断地做到 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了10w/30qe/cc级发动机油的配方和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些艺术都需要维护 , 必须在业务需要改变时进行工作 , 如果业务需要更改 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 。 卡尔德威尔哈德在联合国的胶囊酒店里举行了一场生活 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的甲状中频电源启动电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特·施威茨博士的职业使他在非洲设立医疗诊所 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	细胞采用机械方法、冻结和一般程序 , 通过细胞传递 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章分析了清末期对翻译的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	蒸发步骤采用计算来产生需要的纳米尺寸结构 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	普遍放松技术包括冥想、心灵、太极和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个跳跃点 , 您也可以注册一个.移动域 , 它被指定为移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	得到的密码系统修改了mc公钥密钥密码系统的类 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗地亚 , 我出生在那里 , 曾经是前乌格鲁斯拉维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于瓷表面装饰及其使用的纸张 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分讨论了离散非诉讼的诉讼价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一个基于碘的对比被注入到血流中 , 然后看到它周围的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想把你的旧电脑干掉 , 选项包括回收、回收和捐赠 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文还讨论了分布指数建设和分布检索的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	因为我们有这样的抗典型的分离 , 直到我们是一次受伤 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源稀缺 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国所有主要政策变化都是一项有限规模的试验过程和错误的结果 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送他无罪的儿子去承受我们所要的罚款的充分破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们找到很多方法 , 尽可能工作这个数学问题 。 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	所以 , 当供应链冲动时 , 企业家奥哈莫里成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感恩卡斯通常是形状的矩形 , 方形的方形被储备为曼达拉斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	就像它可能的那样 , 神经毒素与男性的商业比血毒更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要的声箱使用边缘和角落区分矩形设计 , 线路成功迅速 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	我们bapp.net使用xml来允许多part异步渲染和符合更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时候 , " 佩宁 " 的眼睛盟友来自于缺乏饮用声音的工作人员 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特里亚尼尔为患大脑损伤的儿童和成年人增加了钱 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	厨房-一个经验丰富的球员将试图跟随车辆的转换 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	蒂姆米:但我是1 ) 过敏的猫 。 保持猫不会对我感兴趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师使用brm工具定义工具和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将比本月更容易等待 , 直到本月 , 他的第二期官方开始时 , 去做一个移动 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以通过bugzilla和另一个来自源控制系统的饲料组合 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	kolli说 , 非洲的恐怖里的干旱并不令人惊讶的是气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群泪弹的火灾机理复杂 , 没有一组复杂的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	基于多孔和gpu的系统在这里 , 和今天的编程模式很困难 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	与沈福治疗后 , 有些患者的症状明显改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说太多 , 恩妮斯 , 你们的儿子 , 一个理由的咬头 。 我希望我知道如何退出你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	此外 , 还有一个基于学生选择的一个主题的1015页最终文章 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开马里 , 获得了一个好的教育 , 使她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你为你的问题 , 你可能会感觉到像在那些有错误的你们收到的那些报仇 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	前面的法官表示 , 他甚至批准凯瑟琳·杰克逊的对象 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们拥有两个主要的产品类别 , 一个是文件中心应用程序 , 另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师通常告诉我看病人说 , 很多原因是我曾经受过过过过过过的 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二 , 三英尺长的马在狼雷诺:它是广泛的和平面 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而 , 我宁愿看到一个年轻人祈祷者比最相同的罗特祷告者祈祷 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是一个阿卡恩通信的手段 , 因为大多数地方应该被废除 。 "
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看到她在香港玩得更好 , 我觉得她不会在最后一轮失望 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	鲍伊尔说: " 因此 , 缺陷是一点像 , 你知道 , 你会在很长的旅程上去 。 "
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	" 使用你的手的明显优势是 , 你总是和你一起拥有他们 , " 西安porter说 。
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在一次饮酒会议期间 , 他的一名员工会谈到 , 他们应该在他们的星期间放下维生素 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重量损失实际上是连续的函数 , 所以每个数据应该附加 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	无论是永久 , 风暴总是给太阳带来了 , 冬天总是会变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	邮票描绘了这位女演员在蒂芬尼的电影早餐里的好莱 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子穿过我的手机和uhm , 可能叫你 。 所以如果你能 , 请拿你的名字 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	好的 。 这是墨西哥的兄弟 , 尤塔安正在后面 , 这是吉塔马拉的兄弟 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定到我们带入世界的价值 , 历史上 , 价值意味着我们的职业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站是聚集站或链路站 , 在某些情况下 , 两者都有 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	试验大胆 。 把大量的 , 以及货物都放下来 。 米米克 , 让它自己 。 试试着错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较两种方法 , 剪力分解法的功率特征数法比剪力分解法得到了较好的效果 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 如果我是你 , 我不会尝试喂这些小的信用家 , 他们会咬伤 , 可以携带疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	第一次对dd3单晶纯剪切行为进行了实验研究 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列清洁和智慧的装饰下 , 命令士兵防御 , 穿着军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个委员会员会 , 联合国官员 , 几个离职副本和一个法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林 , 同时使用甲酸盐和米斯托罗斯托醇为医疗吸收 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种方式来加快非绩效贷款的分配 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来的最后一块建议 ; 不要尝试从什么不存在的东西提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	讨论了矿山爆炸防爆电站积极器的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在研究从自行车道上禁止他们的半路措施 , 同时允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	李建立于1979年9月 , 1979年9月85名员工 , 根据其网站 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念无限扩展在信息化高速公路上 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议明天早上我们去xxxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学会如何面对失败或失败 , 勇敢地勇敢地和慷慨的努力处理 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的熔化模式来处理它们的缓慢的羽毛 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表二:药物溶解度、聚合物和填充剂在水和酒精中使用 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 所以 , 当它来到晚餐时 , " 他说 , " 巴斯塔酱没有添加糖味的布兰 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp还拥有另一个重要it活动 , 每年都为hp电子世界的终端用户提供了一个叫做hp电子世界的重要内容 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道新疆被认为是优先的 , 更好的学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	这个例子是一个ifthen规则 ; 因此 , 如果条件和其相应的行为 , 您会看到 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	他们引入了bitrent支持 ; 浏览器手势 ; 一个漂亮的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时间使用的端点地址只是一个位置持有器 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	vozda在公司法律执法中提供了一个工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	皮克和休克部队的船从天空中落出来 , 像鸭子在马什那样糟糕的一天 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例dhs内固定dhs内固定患者间骨折的疗效 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量可以从抽样的信号的离散序列数据获得 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉安:如果我告诉她在一条很好的路上 , 带她一个三明治来让她快乐吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或高峰 , 或海岸 , 或者指向公园的角色 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能会想说 , " 你是什么意思 " 自我是巨大的 " , 不那只是精神的剪辑 ? "
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	纳索拉角只反映上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部的特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫斯教练里克·卡里斯勒说: " 我很高兴他 。 我很高兴的是迪克 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	一个新的订单子指数从9月份下跌至52.8点 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年为永久住宅申请了一张绿卡 , 并且他还没有收到它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	本文提出了一种基于plc的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在那个早期的时候 , 它打开了监狱门 , 把任务从成员中取出来 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl+c和ctrl+v来构建新的实现只需要二秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	schrag说 , 从岩石中释放的海水会随时间增加海平面 , 但并不多 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人都离开池塘 , 都必须让几乎完美的潜水 , 或者在岩石上喷洒 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	血清由锚杆传送到内纳的火车 , 第一辆穆斯勒拿上血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱情发生在所有年龄的人们 , 因为一个人的内在生活变化 , 以及一个人的机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	袭击的首席嫌疑是美国指定恐怖分子组 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今年 , 今天为您祝福 , 明天为您的祝福:出现和年轻美的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	我们说的原因是 , 虽然是因为你想到的 , 总是参考很多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他的篮子数量已经超过30% , 而且只有68%的篮子帮助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备也更基本 , 涉及较少的槽 , 所有的纸币都在3d美元上处理 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2.环只展示与vip客户端的会议 , 以实现其所有者结婚和可靠...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	四月份汽油价格上涨3.3% , 去年上涨33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站着走过去 , 和池记者一起跟罗伯特斯一起做小谈话 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于俄罗斯美丽和肥胖的城镇 , 这是 " 中国摩托车 " 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	在课程创新中 , 主要学校教师在课程教师的角色强烈吸引力 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	镇下滑坡矿缓缓地填满盐brine , 使表面沉降 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成分:小麦胚油 , 花朵 , 橙色花 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看看我的脚 , 奶冻冻决定做一双布垫的靴子 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它分别跳上来跳下来 , 把猎人士兵打起来 , 然后把一只鸡扔在他们身上 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是铜牌 , 你是19岁的 , 你还没有达到你的首位 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何合理使用添加剂 , 提高阴极铜质量的方法 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机械是一套尖锐的双精度高精度的双功能之一 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一件绝对的君主不想要的事情是他们不想阻碍他们个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普德·斯瓦特很大程度上被认为是全国最好的城市瑞典队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	沈阳市深圳地区金利大厦905间 , 金利115号北山道路 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二次猜自己 , 他们不会谈论自己的任何东西 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:对唐山2006例无确定性患者的血液学研究结果进行分析 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	垃圾、木板和其他可燃材料必须从热工作领域删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这种正式关系的存在给您带来了工作环境规则的权利 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 涵盖你的战术 , 心理战术是保护操作工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分 , 我主要阐述了生态社会主义理论和生态社会主义的理论 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文分析了音频文件存储格式和恢复音频波形的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分为橡胶、闪过流和不可接受的脆化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸猫都被一只松鼠的激烈斗争留下的痕迹 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	根据诺亚说 , 房地产损害估计 , 81美元和108亿美元之间的房地产损失 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个商业旅行 , 我清楚会带来大多数商业资产项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文学并不满足 , 安排 , 总结和分析 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球气体的溶液显示了核酶活性 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现上述示例 , 您使用常规表达式来执行更换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了远程传感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	模拟陶瓷 , 直线安全微型晶体陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们把自己认真的看起来是另一部分的外表 , 关注面对节约的关心 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	采用过敏药物过敏抽象检测皮肤冲击试验的过敏原子 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图片:澳大利亚的珊瑚漂亮在澳大利亚的巨大屏障礁礁/mattkiefer , 闪烁器 , 闪烁器 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了快速 , 真正的吃饭 , 尝试小吃在一边的街道上停下来 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一位父亲 , 几乎不像铁匠一样工作 , 带着儿子在生活中艰难的努力 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	本文第一章介绍了qsar和编码方法、进展及应用的综述 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了苯乙烯合成聚合物催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	过去两年你参加一家医院接受医疗治疗 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	注意到腹部紧张度 , 胸腔检查显示颈部运动紧张性 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给出了 " 龙虎战 " 的名字 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	同时 , id也指出了快乐原则 , 同时也代表了自我绘制 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不列举自己借钱 , 为了建设最新的一代印度点 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	该系统可以更高效地利用传输带宽 , 实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后 , 提出了基于v基于v的固体溶液类型的研究焦点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	最大的资金来源是按照计划进行的销售回到订阅的 , 并且已经进行 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温的硫酸和硫酸的关系 , 制备了活性粘土 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前租赁允许您请求你在某些时期内的租赁假期吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的确保路径 , 它是每个人都可以工作的东西 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思想的服务和和谐的氛围 , 护理家庭真正是老年的家 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工购买了332本杂志 , 44本小说和29本非小说书 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克林纳先生:我亲爱的 , 你为什么不告诉我这是什么 。 我肯定我能帮助你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可能会采取错误的鸟类 , 通过手牵着种子来污染种子 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去努力达到健康保健改革的心理会议已结束 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	该公司拥有自己的研发基地 , 上海和山西省的生产基地 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	凯瑟琳建议: " 让我们住在城镇边缘廉价的汽车之一 。 "
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 对于其他太阳能周期来说 , 问题仍然存在精度和适用性 。
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	一个高大的男子 , 白头发出来了 。 它是阿尔伯特 , 莫莉的妹妹的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	在泰国 , 一个男人走下了一条巨大的雨道 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免在越南战争中避免服务 , 并把根放下来 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要成分:cactus萃取液、橄榄油、维生素b5、geraniums 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作搜索错误是更大的成功培训基地 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但是 , 很多相比之中 , 我发现最有兴趣的事情是悲哀的 , 却总是很乐观 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们很惊讶地听到损坏 , 船前的订单小心包装在我们的厂里 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢家们采取机会 , 像其他人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但他们拒绝让他们控制 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	城市警察官没有充分支付 , 甚至甚至没有足够的气体资金 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分 , 第四部分了解新闻文章如记者在这个自由的记者学习视频的过程 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有很强的工作市场时 , 组织需要做任何他们可以吸引顶级候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次在客户机前面放置 , 请求解释某些东西是一个日常的经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要陷入信仰的陷阱 , 因为你不能测试每行代码 , 你必须测试任何东西 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是 " 我曾经做过的最糟糕的bach记录 " , 也是最有钢琴的 。
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火和风围绕着一切 , 轻轻松的青年树 , 激怒了sagebrush 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页的内容是来自illy港口或illi海关进出口公司目录 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我已经通过我的绘画表达了我对人与环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	利用多线程应用程序高效分配系统资源 , 提高了系统性能 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男性推荐不要喝超过21个单位和14个女性 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	崩溃状态中pnipam的时间常数近温度和浓度依赖 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部约翰力元素将在热压铝锡铁矿灰中 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包装床是1980年开发的一种新型高重力气体质量大规模设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	无论我学到什么语言 , 我总是试着看我的杯子 , 就像 " 半完全 " 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要绝对绝缘 , 如果一个cashier把账单拿到灯光来检查它的身份 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔纳 , 拉米斯和霍斯顿认为 , 脂肪盐可以成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	空中汽车a320飞机从莫斯科飞到基内瓦时 , 试图劫持劫持的时候发生 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	拥有安排课程 , 50名学生发现6家公司和谢尔兹公司是其中之一 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自那时以来 , mcdonald和其ranchs已经删除了11 , 000家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界的书店和图书馆可以在这个时代的edown负载中保持可见性和相关性 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家可以解决它只有一些情况 , 比如两个并行板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这项发现添加了更多混乱 , 以确定女性与ntseacs的最佳战略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	我并不同意他的一些情感评估我是 " 独特的摩隆 " 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃哈里奇的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马尔托斯人最为盛名的 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	举例来说 , 有限制使它成为所有的限制 , 但不可能卖f222到日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	马萨西亚是一个典型的中场球员 , 他必须在球场上展示的重要潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六我们看到彼此的彼此在柏林 , 沿着迈克海尔戈尔巴奇夫 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这是一个水果 , 来自nahuatl 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	猴王很快进入洞穴 , 其他动物覆盖了洞穴门 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	更多的m2mm比必要多 , 但是它肯定是给他们最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	1881年 , 铁路到来迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我发现距离我们的主要帐篷很困难 , 永远不介意向北极的一条路 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	反应由过敏冲击、紫外线、尿管和血管瘤表现出来 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄lin抗lin.核附近有许多小黄金矿床 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	关注现有it资产的底部it中心方法和特征 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	要参与学习角色 , 以便能够在需要时代替常规执行者 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	德拉顿解释说 , 平均收入比媒体高得多 , 平均收入高得多 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可以重新编写您的下一个时候它重新重新重新生成网站 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 所以我们从未写过它 , 但是我们发现一些有趣的初步事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	即使新年的游戏经历 , 它必须对这场战斗 , 即使是新年的时候 , 新年的游戏经历也必须战斗 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你发现你喜欢的公寓 , 立即向地主或财产经理提交应用程序 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期还可以重新招募优先的诺达奇单位:攻击是一个日期的观察字 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	本研究所得的单色染色体为稻田染色体3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	他创造了一个最小的雕塑 , 保持与形状和纹理相关的有机相关 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	除了前几年以前 , 除了她的武器之外 , 还没有历史的悲剧 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	除了神秘之外 , 还描述了西方旅游者的非tibetansruel攻击 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 通常印度 , 必须更谨慎地校准他们的政府财政 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	2011年夏天 , 生产开始在秋季 , 电影预计在2011年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	令人烦恼但严重的英语你是我梦想得到的红线织球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	沙巴现在只控制40%的摩加迪苏合适 , 几个月前约有60% 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	随着温暖的天气预测在西班牙 , 德国人说 , 他的日子应该站在很好的步伐上 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例运河成功开放成功率92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特性 , 如分离、循环影响出现周围的盘状 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	然而 , 这确实是非常决定的 , 看起来似乎没有什么东西 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德·塞洛特说 , 他离开了好莱坞附近的旅馆附近的海滩 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	在这里 , 她不仅谈论真正的风险因素 , 她也规定出可能是错误的迹象 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并不比祈祷者更有效 , 当它似乎可以被解释为合作的时候 , 就可以解释出来 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据秩序需求 , 可调整可调整梯度可设计和制造 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	1980年代的马拉多纳普拉蒂尼一样 , 泰坦人都没有迹象 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分行有限公司是一家正式专业装饰公司的诚信 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 我喜欢的一切都是那么恐怖的城市 。 "
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几个理论实例 , 表明了表面的地形修正 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例表明 , 在源中使用的代码页也是窗口使用nglish 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设定温度高 , 可溶性与加热速度有负相关性 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很棒 , 中国的食物是肥胖的 。 让我们享受我们的午餐男人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特写到了当前的贝尔 , 艾米莉作为埃莉斯贝尔 , 安妮作为行动钟 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	当我住在军队的时候 , 我永远不会忘记那些日子 , 当我住在军队里 , 士兵们对我的生活有很大的影响 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	布兰姆第一次回来的事情是跑到莫姆 , 给她的丈夫和亲吻 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , 谷歌是可处理的 , 而且有方法减少谷歌的风险会恢复 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一个方法来返回其类别标签的方法 , 以及绑定关闭操作的方法 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰与停止者和覆盖 , 这个探索了terry和ferdinand的才能 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果需要语义正确的数字比较 , 您应该使用双指标 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	生活大学的自由 , 人们暂时忘记过去的过去 , 浮起来享受现代 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	胜利发出了一个弱的辐射形式 , 不能穿透空气中非常远的辐射 , 而且不能穿透皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后 , 提出了集团开发战略实施混凝土建议和措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	一般而且基本上 , 我仍然是人类和我们社会的有益和无害的人之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种腐蚀盆地被封闭 , 进化成沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 当移动阶段时 , 能量和熵都有助于环境分离 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化都带来了新鲜的配件 , 服装 , 珠宝和身体颜色来新的收藏 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	尽管会议金融集团对外国酒店的影响 , 但因为 " 狼 " 来 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	" 在我生命中的四场战争中 , 没有人知道 , 因为美国太强了 。 " 罗纳德雷根 。
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	9月份 , 该公司推出了2010年的销售预测 , 到2010年的25%至600万辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	中国在其他国家内部事务的非干扰原则是不干扰的 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨吉利亚巴尔综合征患者的电神学特点 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏产生碳酸 , 肾脏疾病可能导致身体缺乏碳酸 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	为了敬拜别人 , 盲目和信仰别人 , 实际上都是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他正在说 , 动物在生命期间获得了某些特点 , 因为它们的环境和选择 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	外缸和内缸之间的差距离开 , 空气中的空气被泵入真空 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有人设计这个乐趣的矢量解释 , 可访问的怪物类型 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913和1913年 , 他没有出版任何与左翼结构有关的东西 , 直到1912年或1913年 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以在html中的指定位置放置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	介绍了mmm4utem镜中等离子体不稳定性和潜在限制配置的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 描述系统平衡状态的这些变换属性被称为状态变量 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	本文介绍了单扫描链设计中存储元素的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文采用宏孔树脂处理废水 , 导致制造硫胺 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	负责党质量管理工作 , 直接授予政府的直接实施机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	绅士无限资源丰富 , 在军队和政治环境中有密切的接触 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一辆汽车到达标准的车辆 , 应当不可行的道路上运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用于急性和慢性肠炎的治疗 , 由细菌或真菌引起的腹泻 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	1880年其他协议和1892年封闭了巴林的保护状态 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察合成康复治疗糖尿病综合征的疗效 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小多希基2:阳光降落不容易被清理 , 超过了一天的雨水 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后采用两种037型反潜艇巡逻工艺加强了四艘船舶 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和发展作为燃烧和伤口愈合的新治疗 , 仍然成为解决这个问题的新方法 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医学:很多pepsin、胰腺素、更多酶块、maifeing等等 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对gab参数的影响很少 , 但无法减少aw 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	他副市长jihua与kagoshima文化交流集团的主要成员会议 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前的冠军罗尼·奥斯尔维安相信 , 丁俊惠有什么要走的东西 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	时间部署工作安全 , 严格实施领土监管责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区公共安全工作将面临着发展与面临严格挑战的机会 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需要驱动it部门实现基于标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划设备其他超轻的电动机 , 从10到60公里的电动机上升到其他超轻的厨房 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在已经被新老板带来了 , 而它的钱的麻烦似乎是过去的一件事 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑到我们都是孤独的 , 它将解释我们彼此相互教学 , 它会不会让许多谜 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	但是 , 有关那些可以从死亡或鬼和事件中沟通的人们的各种事情 , 或者有什么东西 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	sift一起将干燥成分混合碗中 , 添加在黄油和膝盖上形成干燥的成分 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行家的政治家们讲话很多 , 这样的观点似乎不会持有 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗明星价格 , 为5星的价格提供 , 在市场上不匹配的价值建议 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我想读者得到了这一点 , 在某些时候 , 我们都会像这样行动:我们太忙于做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	而基本上所有的东西都是gasi和rios , 以及其他一些人 , 他们在生活中有什么感谢网球 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在很多情况下 , 他们干扰了我国正常的经济秩序 , 影响了许多高质量的货品市场 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑事法 , 税收相关犯罪包括各种违反机构的税收制度 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 基于hikivision的图像捕捉板 , 首先实现了图像捕获和pantilt控制 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能会在辩论原则上稳定 , 比如识别失败 , 或者理解偏见 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否在做街道摄影或访问自然或人造网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能在你的兴趣方向上扩展你的目前位置 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将会穿过你的头冠 , 将填补你的身体 , 你的身体真正不习惯于你的身体 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度的变化 , 优化模型降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	目前 , 通道的主要特点是多路径传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	普莱格里诺告诉体育 , " 每次谈判都是底下的 , 金钱总是让决定 。 "
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	山坡和其他产品设计开口袋不停止头发损失或促进头发的繁殖 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	温室试验结果表明 , 生物控制效率可达72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有人认为我们坐在那高峰的顶峰上 , 没有太远的未来 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周在我们的系列中 , 拉里西和托尼·里格斯描述了一个抗war运动正在增长的反war运动 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使在一个前利润的学习中心 , 还是在历史上 , 还需要一个硕士的旅行 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	bct费用将在16岁以上所有新加坡人和新加坡人士等待 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	因此 , 介绍了hl7中间件实现多参数监测的方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我在platoon上列出的shit列表 , 如果我问我 , 我的命令链不会移动我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆起重庆挂头公司是一家运营模式的初步研究的例子 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵风险分析模型具有独特的理论和解决这些问题的方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来分支支付价值的折扣价值的商业学校方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么能说 ? 没有呼吸连续性 , 再生怎么能再生 ? 没有死亡 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	刑罚:一个惩罚宏伟的惩罚 , 警告未来违反未来的暴力 , 类似于恐怖 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一节解释了这个成本更全面 , 因为它探索启动成本是如何最初创建成本的 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动员的科学研究是揭示事物和客观法中的本质的认知过程 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	但是费勒的妻子林达 , 还有一个猎人 , 是错误的: " 你知道一个妻子 , 就像一个怀疑 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	原则上 , 基因组的每个副本 ; s估计的60 , 000基因是相同的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员查看这个主题 , 这个作者应该注意政府做什么呢 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想匹配这些字符verbatim , 那么你必须使用一个逃离背景 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当使用2008年欧洲冠军的模式时 , 预测赢家并没有把它变成第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	采用多功能模具 , 可制造出广场和圆孔角钢flange 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	好心是广阔、慷慨、容忍宇宙的好处 , 为人类共同的好处 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我首先对课堂团体的最诚挚祝贺表达了优秀的结果和同学 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	沿着湾中心的地方 , 赢得了一个国家建设 " luban奖 " 现代园林广场 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几个星期 , 我的26岁儿子大卫一直跟他去大西洋城 , n 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	泰尔曼特说 , 银行拥有其客户的信任 , 并没有看到任何有意义的资金流出 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	耐力游泳者戴安娜·尼亚德成为第一位来自古巴游泳到美国 , 没有鲨鱼笼子 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	博纳告诉记者说: " 总统不负责任这项立法 。 "
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们个人故事显示 , 贫困国家的癌症现实和其对人和他们的家庭的强烈影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在阿克马尔·沙克之后 , 精神疾病人 , 明天被执行-你一年都在短期订婚 !
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	根据相关规定 , 任何违反规定或违反考试人员都会按照相关规定处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许不到一个kiloton , 听起来像很多 , 但是实际上 , 核设备就会小 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在更基本的水平上 , 美国人不仅担心死亡 , 而且谈论和思考死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	谭后来 , " 朱inglupen意识 " 这个阅读: " 中国伟大的年龄 , 没有云变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球inc是一家位于加州华盛顿海滩的美国公司 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商将拥有超过医疗设备qs规范的质量体系 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个喜欢道德化的人通常是假说的 , 一个女人 , 同样做的是平静的女人 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	尽管我们中没有人会独立改变宇宙的过程 , 集体上我们可以做这件事 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他补充道 , " 通过神和智慧的领导者的恩典 , 这些情节被中性化 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	龙乌山地区野生花卉的研究和应用研究 。
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记住 , 神的名字代表我们所名的神 , 耶和华上帝自己是这座塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用浪费了一个基于浪费的推进剂 , 通过目击钢板判断了电荷的破坏偶尔 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自从fda上月开始刺激药物 , 氨基的股价已经超过27%的美国 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文总结了利用almg合金加入合金加入的almg合金试验研究 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	这是根据消息集 , 经纪人文件系统的存储在经纪人文件系统上的 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰b.沃森敦促极端坚定与儿童交易 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该需要那么多字来解释图片的意思 , 或者你所包含的原因 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	辣椒 , 巴西 , 橘子 , 香 , 你的 , 狮子 , 洋葱和花园只是一开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	尝试和清楚你的心灵在床前 , 努力思考积极的帮助睡眠的思想 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但是在中国加入了1992年的npt和nsg之后 , 至少正式地恢复了这样的帮助 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	哈尼问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金 , 她不能再爱人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村资本投资不足低效率的问题是我国农村资本投资的问题 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	有一段时间 , 阿姨粉也有大胸 , 他们也会打开 , 她会把东西拉出去 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有嘴巴 , 点眼睛 , 粘着肢体 ; 嘴唇的人是不智慧的 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	奶奶 , 告诉我你怎么做的东西呢 ? 有天我想成为最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚是黑海地区大西洋主义的基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与肝脏之间的直接联系很好了解 , 但是酒精对其他器官的影响是什么 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但是我觉得我做的是时间来评估我做的事情 , 不管他们是否会对我的存在添加任何值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中显示的最后一个菜单项 , 包含一个附加的html类:在线需要 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 " 谢上帝 " 的周五 , 单词通常只使用在周四 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	爱德吉利·jr , 61岁的活动家和演员 , 比任何人都要长得多 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很艰难 , 我很抱歉 , 我知道我想的是什么 。 如果这让一个坏妇女 , 好吧 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们问你应该在接触之前讨论的关系专家 , 这里有13个问题 , 他们来到了 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	加迪·epstein , 北京官长福布斯 , 自2002年以来已经覆盖中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一站是东城 , 东莞市的县座位已经出口贸易的新兴力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	我们有关国家卫生服务的立法 , 十年前 , 没有什么事情发生 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到现在 , 本文根据实践中根据理论和实践测试的模型构建了一个框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客触摸一个人 , 让他们知道他需要穿过 , 但是允许他的手比必要长得多 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他去了她 , 轻轻轻地为她早期的无信 , 保证她的搜索已经结束了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipsjtomcat.zip到您的tmcat安装的webapps目录 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	研究小组显示 , 只有通过cdk1分化成骨细胞的ezh2磷的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但中国并不认识这一事实 , 也不应该这样做 , 这样就会消除自己的优势感 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长调节剂对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘记这些基本的真理时 , 它总是会在教会里引起麻烦 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了世界实现马里亚的未来 , 必须满足许多条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	弗兰克保罗医生是瑞士联邦科技研究所的冰川学专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	芽膜合同和叶长 , 迷失或婚礼 , 没有像任何东西一样形成齿形的一部分 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	实现监测、检测和质量控制在室内和子承包钢制造和焊接部分 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种羟基苯分散酶、编码基因和应用 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	接近商店尝试和控制移动 , 只能依靠自己的内部创新机械和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 可能会得到相同的限制卡路里的利益 , 从部分饮食中获得相同的限制 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救援努力不足以得到装配线的其他地方重新启动 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:地址:201房间2014楼 , 陶瓷研究中心 , 冯西路 , 潮州 , 中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于胸腺离子的并发性磷酸盐膜电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和skeleton对象也需要照顾开始和承诺集装箱管理事务 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我会想到天上和地上 , 血 , 和火 , 以及烟的柱子 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自新世纪开始以来 , 本课题的大规模介绍开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年建立了一个著名中国现代绘画与书法的真正的事务网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用 , 建立了与inotify的通信 , 可用函数就像下面一样 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠行走是心理观念范围下降的意识障碍之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	答:那些进入中国的非法侵犯了中国的法律 , 他们应该根据法律处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液测试早在怀孕中可靠 , 而超声也不存在 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc介质也增加了cm模型中血管的数量和血管的加强 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 很少被触动 , 享受电影 , 常常在眼睛里泪 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败了 , 他的妻子将拥有一个可行的剂量 , 证据证据表明 , 面对他 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是实现的梗阻是一个关键的变化 , 而自动变化是全球和扩散的 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望沙沙的同学或朋友可以在国外阅读你的文章 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了catv图形组件库 , 只是援助软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但是牛奶充满白细胞 , 厚的血细胞 , 使牛奶变得更快 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	另外 , 烹饪和食用质量主要由f1组合的gca和sca来决定 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	该技术支持欧尔南距离测量和ls移欧盟远距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	克斯特说: " 宫颈切除术被设计为一种常见化疗的治疗替代剂 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	汽油价格平均下跌7美分 , 每加仑最近一周的3.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她准备下降的时候 , 发现所有的视频剪辑都比记录中的所有视频剪辑都要强壮 ;
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然你可以购买一些不锁定的手机 , 但是它通常是一个运行的nihe方法 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验表明 , 金属离子对脂肪植物的形状、尺寸和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	江说: " 如果我从美国开始 , 我就花了更多时间去寻找资金 。 "
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果患者之间存在神经学差异 , 它可以解释重要行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干化学试验方法和尿沉积镜检测方法的临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一个伟大的员工 , 为我的团队做出了重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	本记者有权选择和出版本杂志刊登的作品和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第十二条小规模纳税人goods或可纳税服务的可行性要求为6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组电机功能明显提高 , 特别是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	干旱通过亚热带传播 , 伴随着热浪和强烈的野火 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张照片 , 约翰·莱昂和约翰·莱诺 , 他们就像一个平滑的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的嘴唇黑发和银色的玻璃使他成为哈利波特的死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮寄给美国的非洲电子邮件 。 第一20克的邮件是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡是一个财富的一部分 , 必须给出贫困或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	所以在碰撞后几乎发生了什么 , 电子在这里倒下来 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么 ? 这看起来像你站在拉拉拉山的一个巨大的朱尼斯的脚上看起来像什么 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内部援助 , 从你的脚部离开水 , 使它们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她每天喂了三到四次 , 同样的婴儿需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	对于我们最好的知识来说 , 大脑脊髓瘤很少被瑞典报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安:看 , 这个消息大约是80岁的女孩 , 她花了3000元的狗出生 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	利用er图工具设计系统信息模型 , 建立了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	没有洪水淹没到陆地上 , 但在这里 , 在山区的山地里 , 山区落在路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层的框架和监督控制层网络系统做出了补贴 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论本实验室检查对bmt早期诊断有明显的帮助 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	而设计的传感器也可用于测量其他类型的线性位移或旋转角 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	文章分析了汉代铜描述的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	重岭大裂缝西部和东部地区的pt条件有不同的pt条件 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运行策略:积极适应 , 中等 , 独立发展 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此公式被认为是可用的 , 以便在管道上绘制力的计算 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	设置值是一个java.lang.lang.对象或子类的参考 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	国家卫生学院运动协会在美国举办大学体育活动 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着那些住在大楼里的人 , 不要你吗 ? " 一个女孩 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我丈夫的第一次教练经验是一个年轻的学校篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨创伤性脑内出血的临床特点及治疗 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	在蝴蝶式阀中 , 洗孔、吹孔等缺陷有缺陷 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	这个数量每年增加你在这里与通货膨胀和主体联系到政府监管 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因基本上是由于东西和西方的思想差异的 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	反抑郁药丸之一的下面之一是他们可以在两到八个星期之间进行长时间工作 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有一个很好的关系 , 即使是在原始比赛之后 , 他称之为我想知道我的一切事情 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是我们建立的一个学者和发展基金的主要好处 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文对现代景观绿化项目建设管理进行了分析 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市民会议员黄永广说 , 学校主席 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立一种新制备的复合四氯酸盐凝胶的质量控制方法 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间 , 豪华房间 , 单房间 , 各种套房 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染和耐药状态在医疗强度照顾单位的影响 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨大鼠肠道分段不同肠道分段的吸收动力学 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜 , 奇妙的魔鬼洞 , 水 , 摩西 , 乌龟 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	回到韩国的手指 , 烟和威廉镇都享受了两个人在爱时的两个人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	所以 , 这只是你可以在单轨道上拥有最多的电子 , 这是两个电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记了水平表面 , 忘记站起来 , 只要拿起四分之一 , 扔掉它 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 编码 " 意味着 , 足够的信息共享 , 相互理解和同时期的平行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰还有神话质量 , 因为直到日本发现他们不可能生长 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	就在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 他和妻子在34年前搬到了 , 就在他们结婚之前 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	我也喜欢我的自由 , 现在我也不确定我做的 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	为了发明能被授权它不能明显 " 到艺术中的普通技能之一 " 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	5月5日 , 莱昂纳德字符串发布和文章在巴塔维亚 , 伊利诺斯关于阿里昂 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣卢西亚明显是一个岛屿 , 一个人只能希望它能保留它的不到底的魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请维持清洁的环境 , 转移手机和b.b.呼叫 , 准备 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac的治疗效率比传统的pc或铝硫酸铝更好 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户从音乐博客到cnn , 用户可以添加什么值 ? 可能没有 。
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我只是在丹麦 , 然后发生在我身上 , 没有一个大gulp社会的想法 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	要处理idp的增加负载 , 根据集群实现负载平衡是必要的 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但是在那么暴力的存在中 , 原因变了 , 没有什么依然是本能 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与爱尔兰集团一样 , 这给我们一个新的视角 , 与陶瓷一起工作 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务优势是信用市场的一个关键问题 , 从短缺经济转移到超过一个 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听着 , 但是也没有办法 , 然后她看到北方和布鲁斯错过了 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到了这是诗歌感觉的本质 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但是改变足够的单词 , 虽然它只是一次 , 你的思想终结了死亡 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然两个女孩中有一个改变 , 另一次推出另一次从瓦尔夫和进入水 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳光闪烁着河流的进口 , 与丈夫混合在地平线 , 我 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一个双手可能不适合你的鞋子 , 所以你可能需要独立的穿鞋或体育运动 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后他再次向卫报告 , 然后把一封信交给了 , 但是他特别的插件的细节并不被人所知 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	加入宗教团体的这一想法 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和增强氢燃料生产的支持 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔夫歌曲 , 诺顿扮演 " 天鹅河 " , 然后 " 梅兰奇·塞雷纳德 " 快速的温度 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	交易机制和系统将由公司、代理商店、零售商保持、旧销售 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期库存系统 , 管理器必须通过视觉检查来控制库存 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	但我对你说 , 要比判断当天的苏格兰土地更容忍 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一次来自山卡西迪的每个艺术家都教授 , 到保罗麦卡特尼 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	新应用程序和功能的时间市场大大提高了成本节约 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	拉弗莱先生通常运动的开放式衬衫 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	推导了匹配和线性电压控制条件下最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 黄张不能控制自己 , 但开始笑着他爱的妻子和可爱的孩子 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道 , 爸爸怎么努力共同工作 , 足够的钱依照和教训 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	得到一些快乐或有些东西 , 拿着帽子和锤子轻轻轻轻轻地挂在床上 。 所以这两只翅膀都这样做 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	轻松的是一剑 , 轻松的是一种潜在的力量 , 让所有人都提交自己 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 道德和经济都变得不可再相反 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试的话 , 我会得到一个糟糕的级别 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但是 , 两次学院奖励者也是好莱坞最高档的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	第二个 , 指针引用在指针开始 , 并遵循箭头访问指针 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	1891年12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 历史上第一场篮球比赛 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期醒来的时候 , 他听到了一个愿意与共和党人在国会工作的愿望 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本已经越来越多 , 但是日本已经成为那些逃离美元的人之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	他们正在向西方和自然春天倾斜的土地 , 拥有适当的痕迹 , 树木 , 山顶到西方和自然泉 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	詹宁斯怀博士发表了许多文章 , 关于有机化学和香水的主题 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗 ? 我不相信它 。 我以为他一直在努力与我的兄弟一样工作 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的妹妹错了我为一间蘑菇 , 她把我留在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	卡丁纳罗萨尔赞美了 " 外星 " 圣的生活 。 " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	" 这只是那些担心他们提交结果的事情的恶性家伙 , " 利维什说 。
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们把他们的办法放到第二楼的店里 , 打破门 , 穿着警官的统一服装 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的本体合并方法可以克服传统的本体本体逻辑合并方法的抽象 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了高效液相液相液相液相液相液相液相色谱法测定注射液中拉格因的方法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件过程工程元模型是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	针对经验讨论 , 本文介绍了大量前秦儒学思想和道学思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房 , 他沿信边滑一刀刀 , 把他们的折叠的信息滑出来 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地的人杀死了阿蒙王的 , 他们使约西亚王在他的地方做了他的儿子 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	ulta , 另一个零售链之一 , 是第一家将质量和优质的销售额放在同一地板上 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	达格尔没有必要从发明到生活 , 因为他被法国政府的惩罚 , 就要赚钱 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉人们吃鲨鱼的文件是好的 , 但是吃那种非常相同的动物的fins是不错的吗 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	热气隧道、热气隧道等重量装置下的感应空气温度 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电力转换器在提高模式运行时 , 低压侧电池将放电并为dclink提供电力 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的下降发生在1256年 , 因此蒙古帝国扩张到伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一种带状区域图和断层的边界图来增加振动 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下文链接应该对创建和使用它们的事务所需要的信息进行理解 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面变得充满幻想 , 充满诱惑 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微型电力机械系统多粒度宏模式非标准结构模型顺序降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨阿莫尔河那沥青的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 发生之前我喜欢学校 , 我喜欢一切东西 , " 现在 , 19岁的红色现在在cnn电视台上说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间是用各种类型的房子和贸易人员的工作台和他们的梅西码头做的 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学会了一些当地的范围 , 包括在家庭的bufonida , 如果吃的话 , 我们就会有毒 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	然而 , 在危险的是 , 假设可能的危险 , 数量化的事情都存在着冲突 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的正式集 , 给出了正交半群的正交结构定理 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析了天线高度扫描的存在问题 , 采用辐射特性对测量方法的测量方法 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但是我们必须提醒我们的同志 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 5月7号直接 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满了雄心和骄傲 , 一旦他们收集了他们的第一条裤子 , 他们的杀死了 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	将这种价格定位显著增加潜在的null布局的潜在增加 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果表明 , 花粉doret与蒙古羊之间抗感染的差异有显著性 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 除了山上的橄榄树 " , " 小河 " 、 " 村庄交叉 " 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在来自新西兰电视台的影片中 , 男子在他被拉出来的橡胶之后携带伤害的男子 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 哈森在乔治马森大学地球科学教授举行了第二个职位 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	欧扎克的土耳其农民并不免受任何地方刺激农村社区的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	因此 , 孤独的种子在其它树顶上的大规划树上取根 , 芽和生长成这样大的种子 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	政治科学家彼得·l&ouml说: " 沃克斯帕蒂恩来到了一端 。 "
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	定量地加工了厦门西港七个站的沉积样本 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两者都成功到饮酒和女性的诱惑中 , 与批评家和新闻都有着不清楚的关系 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	dashboard收到了从集中应用程序的上下文信息 , 并使用它查询一个后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	agv大基础系统是一套软件控制和管理许多gvs来完成许多材料传输任务的软件 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为第一章的第一章 , 书五开始有一个药物 , 这些药物已经推出了一个霍塞普禁止 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	运输方便:上海的220公里 , 来自杭州的65公里 , 290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作者罗伯特·沃尔斯创作了诗人肖像时 , 他实际上写了一个自我肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	你所想到的一切都是 , 说 , 你现在做的 , 也包含你未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖主义的nuke , 由strayexsovietfisile材料组成 , 可以破坏整个日子 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听了两个朋友谈论过去 , 想 " 梦想 " 的现实 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	运作研究的性质和特点 , 知识体系 , 发展史 , 应用程序 , 业务决策中的功能 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	据伊里克逊说 , " 我是个真空 , 我已经活了500多年了 , " 贝斯利说 。
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	因此 , 阿萨5月份 , 他正在压力削减警察号码 , 因此 , 因此 , 警察计划的结果 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	好的时候 , 伊丽雅的惊人的先知 , 只有上帝就像他死后一样挑我 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	他说 , 参加他的阅读 , 数量大 , 4万人住在同一城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确保 , 我觉得你应该有一个三glas尿检查 , 以及一个前列腺分泌的检查 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	学校拥有明黄 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 积极积极努力建立一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	该公司拥有强大的技术力量和国内先进产品r&d能力研究所 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝结冷却 , 与组织失去联系 , 白海天使饺子也承认了他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在国民健康议程上投资高度免疫 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	文中介绍了clino计偏差测量机理的设计方法和计算方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在福利多元主义的影响下 , 社区护理已经成为复制问题的主要战略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	实际上我每天都在监狱里玩笑 , 而且我又用冷水洗澡 , 无论是雪还是有什么东西 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被存储到一个持久的媒介中 , 作为新的文档或作为他们起源的数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学负债解决方案具有良好的稳定性、长期的服务寿命和低粗糙性 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他支持4名专门负责人 , 他也被选举的政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	住宅活动家和学者表示 , 这个选举年期法案会轻松 , 但不会结束 , 房屋危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利安的目标是捕捉最好的肖像 , 她可以在那个时间框架内和你的工作是帮助她这样做 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文斯先生说 , 从现在移民将在 " 澳大利亚工作力 " 的结构上发挥更大的作用 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人震惊的责任 , 知道你正在准备未来 , 中国的下一代领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这个失去的嵌入者 , 他们有一个警告的外交观 , 第一次 , 问后来的问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板加强软土基地具有快速速、效果好、施工方便等特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 1999年 , 心树咨询成立于1999年的期待现有的材料化的非常威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	这比原来的1倍大50倍 , 覆盖240sqm等价区22辆伦敦公交车的等价区域 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但是神不仅原谅过去 , 他穿着你 , 尽管你从来没有犯罪 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	看着人们彼此紧盯着 , 哭泣 , 彼此相互抱着 , 在最后的时候 , 让我欣赏我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟焦是一种非常成熟的加工技术 , 它看起来是一种普通的深度处理手段 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	2005年房屋大幅上涨 , 现有和新房屋的销售都在1976年的两倍 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:对6例sb患者和8例正常患者进行全夜间多态性监测 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	她的男孩 , 他们在贝尔维德尔很好吗 ? 那么 ? 父亲的评论确实很高兴听到那样 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	在5059岁的年龄组中 , 非医疗用药也比在60岁的年龄组更常见 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国人民贸易的基本兴趣 , 与中国人民交易和朋友有关 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们还可以猜 , 这样的牙刷可能会伤害人类的牙齿 , 以及他的心情 , 很大程度上不便他 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是 , 一个过度信心的李思想 , 两个银行都加强了 , 梅德将在中心弱 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	范尼拉 , 成为最受欢迎的风味 , 是在商店前面的独立案例 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	离婚的女性在中国约会文化中 , 几乎有个像学者一样的地位 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲通常会错过他们的路 , 而且我可以告诉你目前没有变化的机会 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是一部关于爱情、幸运、青年文化和街头生活的新型壳鱼电视节目 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏上的消息 , 死辊现在21 , 000多人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , eg插入到细胞查询中 , 像在扩展后的 " 蠕虫 " 像结构一样 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	自然答案可以更加自然 , 因为高尔夫球员在高尔夫球场浪费他的手臂 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他种玉米有较少的水并不流行 。 当你加热玉米的种子时 , 内部的水就会使玉米的爆炸变成玉米 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红葡萄酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症、心脏疾病 , 依赖剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到我在这次冒险之前花了太多钱 , 现在我必须一段时间住在信用卡上 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会负责明确定义 ? 这些定义符合地区的需要 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	研究人员的一个应用程序是相机的流动细胞 , 一种用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺 , 他说 , 为了保持信心和保护自己的客户的秘密 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 强调了负高压电源供电的理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但如何标准进行神经心理评价规模的pocd是目前没有共识的 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我都要求她建议 , 她总是准备好帮助 , 解释我的满意 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这种多样的双扫描器具有两对输出线 , 使其适合各种各样的用途 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你治疗bscho像一个令人惊讶的教育经验 , 那么你就会得到很多的机会 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国将邀请从叙利亚大使叙利亚暴力反对抗抗议者的叙利亚大使 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地回答道: " 第三声音像上帝吻了 , 没有任何伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	然而 , 随后他们与本地的土地相关 , 他们杀死了一个可考虑的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在贵阳高中完全开发 , 获得了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从奥巴伦斯基的政权转移到贝州霍夫的政权 , 这是在莫斯科附近形成的 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能化操作 , 包括使用战略底层和覆盖操作 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校英语课程发展背景的介绍 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是否正常的 , 几个不完成低键的珊瑚细胞组工作的地方 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理还访问了卢达通用医院 , 一个由中国资助的社会福利项目 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个例子正在改变表空间容器的位置 , 它也可以使用备份和恢复来完成 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有引起商业名牌的破坏 , 但不会增强他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	mercator的世界是地球和空间映射的两个月杂志 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元酶将运行198.95美元和传输视频和图像 , 从您的计算机上完成 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	波海沿海沿岸的最后一次冰川损失的调查 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试与最近实际的粒度相似 , 问题类型和困难程度相似 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	比较了vrv热泵空调系统对传统加热系统的经济效率 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这部电影是一个美国版本的两千八个法国刺激者称为 " 波尔尔 " 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	在内部圣殿前面燃烧的纯金灯 , 用灯具的灯具 , 用灯具和灯具烧20个灯具的灯具 。
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有许多道教部门 , 其中 , 上清省有最大的影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展给出了圣诞节和其他外国节的流行 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐歌在 " 新疆 " 的一个小知识展示了每一个思想治理的一面 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春草期的第一次浸渍雨日期明显是十年间的特点 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有saac.insa指示器都在工作场所培训和评估中获得了证书4 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以把这笔钱送到达尔福的营地里 , 到疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看到 , 我们的拇指和拳击手 , 当我们来到汽车时 , 我们得到了一点困难呢 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道你的眼睑没有触摸到灯光黑色 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有大量的 " 也许 " , 看起来像他们似乎只能贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置的原因是瓶颈的变化 , 比如一个过度流 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险及控制方法 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本烹饪书里的汤很温和 , 它们都是营养的 , 因此 , 适合全年消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果在严重组中 , 出生体重和出生体重显著低于严重组 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统选举了一家古巴出生业务执行官 , 成为他的新商务部长 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然我不能吃饭 , 但我仍然可以用这些鼻子和饺子来获得米饭 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp被授予了奖励权力 , 这意味着它允许自己召唤大学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年出版了我的第一篇文章 , 但在1983年的秋天 , 写作最早 , 直到1983年的秋天 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以采取步骤 , 开始了解为什么事情正在发生 , 你可以寻找正确的后数学 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着 , 如果你想保持技能 , 就会给你留下更少的激励 , 尽管你的财务给予收入 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	玫瑰的银色上升 , 但为了旅行 , 郭东没有瞬间回到嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种行业的新标准 , 包括健康保险 , 促进了xmlenabled应用程序的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你犯了严重错误 , 如果你受伤了别人或者自己 , 那就不用感觉罪 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	一个主机或服务决定停止停止在它的百分之一的状态下降低一个低压缩的阈值 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	变量系数 , 解决方案本身和其正常流量可能在接口上不连续 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中9硝基霉素lactone的体外稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母和儿科学家、教育家和心理学家-寻求帮助方式 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	在第一次出口 , 重 , 米里地面和一匹配 , 玛丽兰植物 , 大大延迟我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	戴多:在古典的建筑中 , 基地和玉米之间的平原部分 , 基地的平原部分 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	沙因是一个机械 , 这是他的工作坊 , 他在后面有一个小的房间里面有一件美味的事情 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	长安接到了消息 , 不仅没有逃跑 , 而且穿着衣服 , 准备救他们的父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他捕捉了数十亿人住在那里的山蒂镇 , 在那里有三十亿人希望在2050年住在那里 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	一些美国中西部的一些县宣布 , 由于雨灾和托伦多州的紧急状态 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	戈西:引用了纳特·阿尔巴尔的学习你不知道一个好事情 , 直到去找其他人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论利多卡因结合德克萨姆沙酮可以防止受到dctaxaxol引起的phlebi炎 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两个人醒来 , 突然看到了春花 , 由谁来采取 , 说去寻找宾尼 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突变了不敏感 , 沉默的月亮掩盖了一个柔软的光线 , 投影在地面上 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 尊敬客人 , 女士和绅士 , 所有的员工都在明华 , 下午好 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	由于人类对它的影响 , 辽江春季森林几乎不能看到拉希海地区 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 野外的烧伤与包动物有关 , 或者被金矿工和其他人所自由 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	考古学家们怀疑花园在建筑上被建立 , 为提高水的规定 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	北极将是一个21世纪萨拉杰夫 , 触发能源资源的主要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	ueyyyyue的未期待死亡已经获得了一个激烈的国际争论 , 在好的samaritan法律上获得了一个激烈的国际辩论 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期极锂的原理、制造及应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	克服悲伤和痴呆症的克服 , 莱奥利亚有许多城镇民间在高原因犯罪中执行 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果采用异丙丙烯神经脂作为溶剂 , 膜过滤避免介质的干扰 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	1893年 , 在27岁的时候 , 他报道了一个照明方法 , 他已经为光学描述了 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 这些诗的意义很清楚 , 读者可能会从她的经历中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	制作家庭可承担的计划旨在防止到4 , 000美元的负担保障 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	事实上 , 在径向和循环方向的交叉截面变化中 , 气体速度和压力的变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你花了2小时在教室培训和评估 , 每个学生都会赚0.2英元 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了安东兰和苯乙烯静极性的精确dft研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把鸡蛋放在炉子上 。 蛋沙拉三明治都是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 广东核电厂采用18个月燃料周期获得大边缘 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室试验中 , 他们发现一个叫做banblec的白细胞素像两个当前艾滋病毒一样具有潜力 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	400个im不仅需要强度和速度 , 而且在所有四个方面都要求 , 而且还需要巨大的耐力 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	潘迪说: " 当解释固定了他的拇指向公共文档的时候 , 他就不能回来 。 "
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是个班球员 , 他很不同 , 我不能找到其他的前锋 , 看起来像他一样玩耍 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员说 , 他们的发现也可以应用到那些声称他们依靠早上杯茶来获得他们的大脑 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看来没有人会来 , 给你食物或水 , " 上帝会给我提供 , " 是唯一的答案 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度吃不会增加你的抑郁 , 但增加重量 , 你需要适合你的工作面试 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	在互联网之后 , 他开始从空间发布twitpics , 然后获得忠诚的追随 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	穆伊还说 , 另一天她只想说她对整个事情的想法 , 没有任何意图战斗 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用肝瘤h22疫苗对移植肿瘤的模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我得到参议院晚些时候 , 所以在他们回家之后我可以把它转到 , 他们不能覆盖它 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本论文的确定和比较了人体的强度限制、ilium、kull和rib的强度限制 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	韩国的物种被建立为一个扎布拉克 , 使他成为同样的野生物种 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛应用 , hlv兼容电路的设计已经越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝型电力设备:主要固定在海岸上 , 为工厂、住宅和其他海岸提供电力 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	这位21岁的丹麦国际上被广泛认为是欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	女性是35岁的中年龄在诊断中观察的女性 , 为17 , 408岁 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	拜仁慕尼黑的离开已经证实了 , 他将在老板转会上留下来 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	刺激生物 , 凤凰 。 他们可以马上携带重量的负荷 。 他们的泪水有健康的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样的情况下 , 组织可以使用一个简单的进步检查列表来实现对机制和倡议的操作控制 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	在英格兰的木材和纤维玻璃手工 , 椭圆形的内部措施只超过6英尺 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是知识驱动经济时代所有可见资本的一般名字 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家梅尔本哲学有很多理由庆祝 , 它与观众共享了庆祝庆祝活动 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 沙鲁克忍受了杜 , 国家第二个电信运营商 , 除非埃斯萨拉特 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前瞻性膜只释放新鲜的水进入海洋 , 不允许盐水污染袋子 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们欢迎来自我们的城市委员会的帮助----------------------------------------------------
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你每周有限的工资预算和5k最大一周 , 但是你想要的玩家要求7k 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液救济:现在有机会从任何英雄袭击 , 血液第三 , 或者威尔文德攻击 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	针对非静态过程线性结合的第一交叉可靠性 , 提出了一种有效的数值计算方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	由于市场营销渠道 , 项目应采用授权的销售代理模型来提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民担心 , 跨环境可以创造低质量混合厂 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员了解 , 不同形状和尺寸的羽毛与不同的谐振结构有不同的频率 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨回归室内钉对离散胎的超椎间骨折的影响 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	这个工具配备了一个进展性的喉咙动作 , 允许一个低速的喉咙开放 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	采用pid控制算法 , 限制了控制量和整合量的程度 , 提高了数量 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	研制了磷相液相色谱法分离可离和强极性有机化合物 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	苏州公园酒店和套房是苏州会议或社交场所的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	运行显微镜观察前交流动脉保护的解剖特征 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	扫描器削减一朵花 , 想使用尖锐的刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早晨或鸭子可建议 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在程序方面 , 法官、党和其他参加者之间的争论和对话的争论需要相同的辩论和辩论 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记花费圣诞节的一部电影或假期在阅读一本1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	特里lundgren是macy的首席执行官 , 该公司拥有macy和bloomingdales部门的商店 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 无论你会发生在一个类、会议、会议、会议或会议中 , 都会出现什么意外 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们通常信任我们自己的能力 , 但是我们不信任别人管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南外交部长菲姆·宾赫·米哈星期一结束 , 生产力 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	呼声大声你心中麻烦...随着节奏......动摇他们的头发一起... !
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷铬矿床的操作和剪切方法及其影响 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配示范器的标志 , 那么分割的结果就会向无限性 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨恶性鼻腔管重建对ktp激光硬化先天性胆囊炎的影响 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	当您添加集群作为si总线的成员时 , 您有一个单个消息引擎 , 可以自动创建一个消息引擎 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平面的平面将阻挡风流 , 同时也会创建一个死水区 , 在它被广泛的方式之前 , 陷入该区域 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	这份报告发现 , 美国继续成为2008年全国各地寻求亚洲国家的主要国家目的地 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何许多响应文本文档都可以有它们的丰富或平原文本的字段 , 适用于电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	穆里埃拉拥有教育、高收入的人口 , 与圣迭戈和橙子县的社区相比 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	板块是一个非投票 , 但即使fda咨询板也不投票还是由机构评审 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在已形成10年的市场条件下 , 可以加入更多企业 , 将建立产业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克森说: " 你需要一个削减力量制度改变系统的机构 。 " 伯克逊说 。
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者们学习了以前的检查 , 郭正在工厂工作的建设中订了两个 " 五条 " 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是《香水》的作者:《查德勒·伯尔》2003年的《香港》的主题 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、规划、设计和交付集成服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供高质量的时尚产品的客户 , 为每一件事做好一份好工作 " , 都被用来为一份qadir的风格 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr的常见离散工作方式 , 在gpr记录中有大量的水平相干噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 科林纳的28岁的大脑产生了科林纳的28岁的脑袋 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 很享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	牺牲者是积极的人们 ; 他们对生活有着明亮的探索 , 是企业 , 充满能源和生命力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	一般来说 , 废物不存在或展示感染的内在危害 , 除了非常具体的病例外 , 还不会出现感染的危害 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	然而 , 没有什么事情 。 相反 , 阿普吉奥斯通过一个轻微的和谐演化进化 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨恶性动物病理模式中的甲状腺酶含量及血液流变学 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有jcs气体都使用重力计量标准气体进行分配 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这个步骤是过去几十年前生物化学研究中最强烈的挫败之一 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个参赛者都被给了一座塔 , 坐在身边 , 盖住自己 , 但只有在他们完全被抓住之后才能完全覆盖 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	它提供了一个完整的客户、合作伙伴、产品和业务通过数据仓库或联盟来完成视图 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	一家公司可能会有时候预订出售亏损 , 以便迫使竞争对手进入破产 , 然后主导市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常在使用git时 , 您可以假设您的存储库是位于内核 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力 , 电话 , 保险和电缆账单 , 每个月都自动从帐户中撤出 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此他试图改变和废除中国的不平等条约 , 限制和取消西方权力的特权 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我把阳光的光线集中在冬天最寒冷的日子里 , 我就可以轻松地燃烧的玻璃 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应当采取适当的政策来确保这些西方企业在技术创新领先地位 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果神看到我们穿过他爱儿子的眼睛 , 那么我们也应该从耶稣看到自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但对于一个广泛的主导 , 不同的意味着颜色和姿势和多样性体现团结和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性的产业和非woven的袋关闭经济关系 , 它的非wowog袋大力推动到产业发展 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本文总结了我国鲁徐的研究特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	营地的第一条规则是保持一个清洁的营地点 , 你不能留下任何东西 , 熊可能会认为是食物 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	这使得在一个城镇或湖下的石油储量可能达到不能垂直到达的石油储量 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报道网络外部性是imcl的重要因素之一 , 并证明了网络外部性的影响 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全严重是因为一个新的恐怖主义威胁 , 街道被关闭 。 警察线路边 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为 , 在政治上看到一个动态女性 , " 34岁的riokookokokokamoto说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	2012年 , 法国航空工业将开始在2012年巴黎附近的利润机场安装增强 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体将 " 本山文化 " 作为一个新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因为高利率往会引起美元的欣赏 , 他们可能会使贸易赤字更大 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	电视、电视和许多其他现代设备都广泛应用于电子管中 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在塞尔内河镇 , 生活的步伐完全受到潮流的轻微流动 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	六月份 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪手在奢侈大陆酒店上发起了死亡的袭击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果这个物体确实是一个飞行的酱油 , 那么恢复它可能是值得数百万美元或数十亿美元的价值 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动性与其电荷的平均尺寸相关 , 因为它的扭曲和弯曲在凝胶里 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	采用高效液相色谱法测定了高效液相色谱法制备高效液相色谱中磷酸的含量 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	托马斯先生正在打电话 , 请等几分钟 。 你喜欢一些咖啡或茶吗 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两到三个创始人说 , 每个人都拥有了新的co , 并且分配所有的ip与新科相关的ip相关的ip 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过欣赏和分析一些成分 , 我们可以合理地对中国现代油画的现状进行理性的池塘 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	当一般的讲话叫他们的特点 , 说: " 你 , 法国人 , 穿着别人的统一吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	采用光声检测方法 , 研究激光点火特性对b/kno3引起的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	得到了全移植和xen移植的超精度拒绝的贡献 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 只有在阳光峰值记录 , 本地公园内的地方是在保护下的 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	儿童歌曲在孩子们的教育中起着重要作用 , 不要被其他诗歌所替代 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	什么样的照片 ! 就像图片描述一样 , 还有很多东西或希望男人必须承担或寻找 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预测 , 中东继续持续不稳定性将保持推动弹簧价格 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另一个因素intel提到:公司在后端建立的公司 , 以便采取所谓云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	本文根据交通统计的发展趋势 , 提出了 " 交通账户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅学生 , 还有老师都被王李清承认是清华大学的新闻激励 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准计划和基金未来的倡议 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	建立了基于预测分散规则的损伤模型 , 建立了armourpiing机械的原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 槽 " 系统给您几个选择 , 可以在表面上放置装饰物体 , 比如表面和裙子 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的十字塔将包括五座混合用塔从环形的柱子里摆出来 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可能回忆到2006年 , 北非人民大厅 , 北非论坛会议举行了中非合作 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	或许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会与美国法官谈到一个人 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意在左侧形成内囊清单的润滑细胞 , 与周围细胞相邻 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、红细胞变形指数、纤维素和plt均降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的coreoslinux用户可以利用云平台来达到世界上最大的市场之一 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在服装行业中应用 , 服装mtm迅速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据收集将被严格的信心处理 , 并且只用来接收和其他通讯 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个笔头都分别与两个帽子一起匹配 , 液体管被安装在笔记本 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从以上证明 , 可生命的方法是预测mch人力供应的实际和有效性 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何在这个自由的慢艺术家在这个自由的慢慢教训课程中提高恐惧 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛还宣布辞职克拉拉拉华 , 其高级副总裁在中国人力资源 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于其温暖的微气候 , 格雷兹是一座城市 , 几乎是中海的火焰 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	你的鼻子是因为你和你的身体里面都有这些胚胎 , 所以你还想要把胚胎放出来 , 所以你就会鼻子 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这是为了添加额外的信息 , 在开发人员之间共享的地图 , 特别是如果地图在开发人员之间共享 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某种程度上融合到你的网站 , 即使它只是在头部图像或作为声音颜色中 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另一个现实是 , 如果美国不能扩大其出口 , 压力将会增长限制其进口 , 相反 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全性 , 不要触摸产品、测试电缆或其他仪器 , 而电源在测试下应用到电路 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	很多buffet的智慧从这个投资特性来说:当你不知道什么时候 , 不要做任何事情 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己受伤 , 白人带来了罗杰的药物问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	这个技巧是不断的自我评价和自我提高他们的生产力 , 同时也提高了他们的工作方式 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们肯定欢迎o项目满足不同客户的需求 , 保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一份报道说: " 托尼是很高兴和友好的 , " 托尼在医院的拘留正在防止他的状况的恶化 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 伦敦只有几十个武装机器 , 但是到了90年代 , 大约有一百多次 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们还在第二次世界大战结束的穆尔曼斯克展示了我 , 这是一张航空照片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在对照组志愿者 , 他们在早晨训练并在晚上登记 , 没有睡眠 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国朋友们对他们的努力有特别关注 , 阻止暴力 , 并且与遇到麻烦的青少年工作 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分发web内容的阻碍版本 , 保持您的原始源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克、卡塔里娜和华尔街崩溃是雷根时代的三个钉子 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	第一次获得了一个立刻笑容 , 然而 , 热情在第一次听到之后第一次听到了 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	从那个肮脏堆底部恢复出来 , 能看到光线 , 仍然在好的状态 , 这是这样的救济 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我父亲是我母亲离开的中心 , 我的姐姐正向前向我的妻子是正确的守卫 , 我的弟弟离开了 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	看看我们一起做的事情 , 意识到我们是一个不平等的故事之一 , 正在忘记的故事 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着自己的愤怒 , 奥比万飞行了山顶向多乌的维拉 , 最大速度的速度 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容可以实现国家规范 , 这是我们的请求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨已经组装了一个互联政府 , 并声称新选举将在未来几个月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	战争纪念来回来 , 所以通常70周年的莱宁拉德可能看起来不明显 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	国家 , 如果你在他们中有三个 , 所以祝贺你 , 你已经成为一排的女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	比玛阳 , 火烧了你在一个不可见的地狱里 , 尽快挖掘水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	哈特福德南部的一个小型社区20英里的哈特福德 , 是康奈德中场的一部分 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将再次成为星期五 , 但它将在九点钟 , 他会在这里 , 所以我觉得这会是很多乐趣 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们不确定在常规木粒的地方完成不寻常的 " stone " , 但这是纯粹主观的 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反应性是指法律建设的新建设 , 可以应用于过去事件和行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢下来 , 考虑你的注意力 , 你会同意在浏览web时回答电子邮件 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数抗议者都被说是在首都mbane , 而且不能得到曼子尼 , 45分钟的驱动 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上在戏剧上花了 , 这个球告诉了一个水电坝的胜大象建筑的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢使用这种战术 , 比如杂货店、咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	随着一个小山告诉记者 , 他每天早上5点起床 , 第一件事就是帮助母亲理解厕所 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 在内部国家拥有强大的存在 , 工作肩膀与当地卫生官员 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	阿杜:那部电影猫甚至在帽子里展示了我们的立法者在电视上战斗 。 谢什 ! 脸上有什么损失 。
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	在这些cnv删除的数量中 , 人们有很多基因组 , 有些人拥有数百万的数量 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	租赁.com说: " 我的生活成本低 , 大型纺织品 , 巴基尔人肯定要在这个城市找到爱情 ! "
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	电力学指出 , 开放性是唯一的资源集成者必须拥有的重要质量 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	在粉末形式中 , 应该存储在冰箱里 , 防止曝光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	采用风吹煤设备和煤颗粒筛选装置 , 提供了半漂浮层燃烧炉 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fgets、fgets、fread、fscanf和flose函数也返回错误的错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳定的光学成像部分 , 一个稳定的视觉信息处理部分和汽车驱动部件 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流量分析在指导代谢工程中的遗传操作中起着重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 在过去的计算中 , 需要近似的类似需要模拟一个消防器 , 就在过去的计算中 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	在这个数据库中显示所有列表列表中的列表 , 具有独特的单列索引 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地球物理学家们都知道 , 地球物理学是一种广泛应用于地球物理学的数值方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约纽约市盈利的迹象导致周二股市早期收益 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定国家股权所有权代表的工作计划 , 为国家持有和联合托克公司的工作计划 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:4例胫骨猪成功地从淋巴细胞中结合 , 同时对70例肝硬化患者进行刺激 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种牵引修复床 , 带有可倾斜的前一部分 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	其他的船皮皮革 , 没有头发 , 单位表面区域不超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一个runaway河 , 我们正等待pew.q3721.opople在两侧 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈工作室提供特殊的第一次推广 , 允许新闻在10美元下进行课程 , 有时候免费 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的探讨厚毛细皮移植的缺损伤面损伤表面的感官恢复 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前 , 矿业企业有效税率低于非矿业企业的1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数社会昆虫中 , 比如洗碗、蜜蜂和蚂蚁 , 雌性规则 。 女性是工人 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	采用仿真和实验研究了低压系统短路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	在将接触到表之后 , 数据库将id列的id列返回只插入的值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义 , 每个人都有自己独特的创造性思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	结果表明 , 夏季和冬季提到的方法可以降低能源消耗 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论r.flavictus检测不耐药性 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	孟买时代女士开始了apt查询一个关键问题 , " 他做了一批经理 , 很大程度上做了很多呢 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆'spike'wicky:绅士...让我向朋友介绍你:最优先 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	玉兴北部位置 , 台山顶部 , 是一座温暖的大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在例外情况下 , 可以允许客户重新启用或修改相关指令秩序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常情况 , 胆固醇与宏观之间 , 极薄的保护组织 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	拥有各种设计方式的专业设计师 , 创建多年的建筑团队经验 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 当你在飞行上创建功能的时候 , 对于lambdas的真正优势是需要的 。 例如 , 没有变量参考 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人民 , 老朋友和亲戚免费搜索工具 , 包括41页白 " 页面 " 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这种设计 , 双臂椅风格的变化 , 就像轻松的垫子一样 , 法国很短 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 如果你本周被压缩了100磅 , 那么下周你应该试着做105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	嗯 , 宇宙的概念在古代人群中广泛传播是你熟悉的一个 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	产品具有较高的产量和质量化的质量 , 可以离开正常的pectin生产过程 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论提高原发性脑膜瘤ct诊断精度的关键是定位肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有的操作描述都在手上 , 现在正在修改 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法求解非线性测量函数的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	印度是建设大型煤炭电厂的公司 , 主要是气候污染物 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你已经覆盖了诱导 , 然后仔细查看meller的方法 , 我最后简单地提到了它 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农民种植了他从市场买的种子 , 秋天来了 , 没有收获 , 因为种子是假的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	该公司总体收益率从一年一季度的34.8%增长到36.3% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	186例肝移植患者中 , 4例发育的肺炎属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	阿肯巴赫说: " 父母意味着成熟足以帮助孩子适应失望 。 "
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外界事件从贷款完成过程的监控模式发送这个met值 , 到高级监控模式 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天比日本的日本规则更加严重 , 它的罪人意味着 , 更多的三次差异 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的纪念仪式与周和卢的祭祀时代相比 , 地点 , 提供等 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至通知 , 烟雾吸烟可能会引起吸烟者不仅是吸烟者 , 而且还是吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结夏南安教授在胸部梗阻的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	没有发现的检测材料 , 适合于阻抗特殊雷达吸收器 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了用于太阳能热单元的铝合金支持电泳涂层过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效果和其他温暖的饮料 , 比如茶或可可可乐 , 可以提高你的精神 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨身份病理和二次异常j波的临床和心电图特点 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:探讨米拉比利斯jalpa和阿尔莎·罗西的萌发特征 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多叶垂直切割机的应用范围及其结构 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆柱容器具有广泛的口袋 , 容易填充和方便的访问内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	千年和世纪范围迅速气候变化是古气候研究中最重要的一个方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	在公共安全器官中 , 应用程序的广泛存在着很多普遍的问题 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 2009年中国结束了一座遥远的北部城镇的四元块 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这一问题 , 我们已经通过单个hscs进行一系列组织重构研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎后慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	作为目光健康公司 , 巴斯&lomb专注于完善视觉和提高全球消费者的生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助药品企业顾客解决问题 , 人类健康追求是我们的理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街头骨架线和建筑骨架线的新方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	另一端 , 光谱是苏明 , 他来自北京大学农民和研究的家庭 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大公司已经开始雇用西方人在最好的美国和欧洲设施中经历长期的经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到世界的真理 , 以确认佛教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为了实现控制算法 , 本文利用plc , 设计了pid控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	几天的破裂被宣布为伊达哈的宗教节日 , 开始于1月17日开始 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	您可以在我们的网站上提交自己的想法或评论 , 或者你可以发送一封信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个体的增长 , 你会看到更多的头尖倾斜 , 因此更多的脖子暴露 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	另外 , 其他的联邦党享受了一份支持的记录 , 因为投票者抛弃了他们的传统诉讼 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论碳单氧化碳复杂并发症高疗率高 , 变形率低 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一名球员 , 丹佛nuggets教练乔治·卡尔被抓住 , 他在他的队友上传了一个仪式 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼被装入omega3和蛋白 , 但它们还包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个大爷里拿到的骄傲 , 或者对我来说 , 就开始对那些人发誓和增长的感情 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了使用清单1中示的xslt任务生成的一个检查方式报告的示例 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	一个中央新泽西社区 , 一个新的布鲁斯威克郊区 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	本方法可以克服单评价方法的局限性 , 满足单评价效果优良评价的需要 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升 , 温暖的空气形成明显的虚拟云 , 在卫星和模型图像中可见 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	一个gadget不同于一个瓶子 , 它是一个专门的微型复制 , 帮助您执行专注的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	附近的穆特特罗赫拥有一个迷人的中海风格的水面和港口现在主要用来使用 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持这三个命令vmdeploymgr.sh的选项 , 提供了vdm的主要应用程序 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券都是标志的市场 , 但是这个新的gap仍然允许证券在历史成本上进行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想让国家公务员的财产透明 , 我们应该建立和消费制度 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbs论坛作为他们的工具获得消息和沟通的工具 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子花在不错的好意志上 , 她的夜晚在争论中争论 , 直到她的声音增长了虾 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你正处在一群小块前面的时候 , 皮德拉下山时 , 周期列表不像在刹车下不停地骑着 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	布朗克斯动物园是不可思议的 , 幻想的 , 很好的保持 , 很好的 , 把动物带到那么多的看到和做 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是 , 为什么一个想让跨技术混合ui组件吗 ? 韦恩解释了一些使用cass的用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 根据jw1h医院信息系统设计并开发军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	fra和nfma都强化发展中国家的能力 , 以管理他们的森林信息基地 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对较小的化学运行并从美国铜矿中污染 , 科罗拉多证明了灾难 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	本周四 , 乘客和其他41名乘客来自墨西哥的乘客到达上海 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果要求tc的精度在一个mgal水平上 , 必须采取几乎内部的区域效应 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一种重型、高型煤炭环氧涂层 , 用于浸渍服务中钢混凝土的保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	" 民法制度 " 的文化从自由资本主义转化到垄断资本主义 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	任何这些位置或风格都工作了那些需要登录的细用户 , 可以找到不会破坏或错误的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	检查了肝重、体重、tg、tdlc、hdlc和ldlc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已经达到世界标准 。 " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	耶稣问他们 , " 圣洁上有哪种法律 , 要做好恶魔 , 救生命 , 还是杀死 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一个19岁的工人 , 被称为 " 马祥 " 的身体被发现在他的高层大门前 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你还可以回忆到 , 媒体被称为 " 近视的马戈先生 " , 并且 " 麻烦 " 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但他在爱丁堡大学毕业后 , 他在自然历史上证明了比医学更多的兴趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	问 。 我的年轻人参与这么多活动:学校 , 婴儿坐 , 教会 , 体育 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	另外有人说:这里的选举离开了另一维的选举 , 这可能是字符或是什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	洛斯说 , 这些发现显示了我们对体重、脂肪和疾病之间的理解的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户保持他们的网站朋友列表 , 并且看到其他朋友添加了谁 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家们谈论工资平等 , 但我父亲在整个职业生涯中做了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 中国三英寸的黄金莲和西珊瑚也有这样的美丽时尚 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候苹果授予vodafone集团和电信意大利销售iphone 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 这个概念是用你不能得到的东西来存储你的裤子 , 或者你错过家里 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维多·弗里斯切的基本前提 , 承担利益是管理其他人资金的费用 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的雾实验中 , 得到直接闪光技术能够满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	两间客房里有1500w独立的墙型空调 , 可以调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个捕捉的图片来绘制眼睛和覆盖的线条 , 通过给出一个令人惊讶的想法来获得好奇的线条 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 , 请不要期待我睡觉的时候 , 画一张照片 , 或者扔一个球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	过去五年来 , 慢性发现 , 他们的媒体增加 , 调整通货膨胀 , 是19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法采用改良的trapesa检测2780细胞的端粒酶活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做许多选择 , 但是如果你想要做什么 , 请咨询ocapriri项目wiki页面 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一名新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我将尽快与这个团队合作最好的 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	艾米莉·迪金森住在一个叫做家庭的优雅房子里 , 她的妹拉维尼亚 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我住了整个晚上 , 醒来一块硬板来保持蚊子来到她身边 , 就像一个卫兵一样 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始思考这些问题在你在冥想中做什么时候 , 它们会使它更加稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而在实践中 , 我们看到政府官员属于最严格的刑事和 " 无法 " 专业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书长 。 我们从时间里出来 ! 你必须向卡罗米装置给了恩恩斯 , 并从城里提取了它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们已经建立了一系列港口 , 每个港口都是独特的目的 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇到了她未来的丈夫陈纳尔特 , 他是中国主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了前面的动作之外 , 它需要提高那些没有目标的人 , 除了目标之外 , 否则他们就需要提前的功能 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	实际上 , 我觉得从希腊语中产生的话 , " synkope " , synkope , synkope , synkope 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的影响是城市收入的侵蚀 , 作为这样的税收继续缩短的财产价值基础 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在m1也许是摩托普最好的自行车 , 雅马哈有很大的骑手 , 所以看起来像他们不需要我 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的喜悦 , 他带来了我的生活 , 因为每个梦想都会真实 , 因为我在他里找到的所有爱 , 我永远感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑蚂蚁获得了几年的工作经验 , 合作标准 , 设计专业和完善的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑大机制远程测试的相同特点 , 本系统可以在其他大型机制测试过程中应用 , 并且可以找到正确的应用 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	其中最受欢迎的方式应用程序之一 , 其中28 , 000个方式从gourmet和bonmeet上获得了2.8 , 000个方式 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	世界范围内的增长越来越慢 , 今年早些时候从一年的26个国家中减弱了 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统主义者把手带到 " 价值 " 和 " 示威化 " 的整个行业 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	你的细胞使rna转移 , 如果他们在这里做出一个转移rna分子 , 他们只能在另一端放在leucine 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水饱和赤字、自由水、边界水和细胞sap浓度都与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要攻击 , 一个在四角洲和其他地方 , 死亡了100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	看起来 , 花色与总黄酮含量的差异没有明显的法律 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	1996年 , 1996年的大型风格中 , 由espresso地面创建的纺织咖啡彩色纸制成 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家的路 , 我轻松的步骤 , 穿着沙滩 , 心里 , " 流行 , " 唱它的歌曲 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 我今晚不会喝酒 , 因为我是指定的司机 , 只是给我的酒杯给我指定的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 提出了梯度类聚硅烷的研究难点 , 并提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	本文介绍了 " 海关301船 " 的全尺度测试结果 , 或没有流动坦克和海洋 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 还有其他火山网站 , 比如mtetna和火山 , 这可能适合研究者的模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	熊猫立即送出最好的沙普郡、垃圾和钻石的订单 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会被压力放下来 , 并允许自己一些娱乐活动如电影和约会等 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友圈中 , 工作选择是最可能从政府中提高投票的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人已经达成共识 , 坚持联合发展和加速咨询的总体方向 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是个坏消息 , 阿森·罗本和乔布科尔 , 我努力看看他们如何在团队获得一个常规的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在一家住宅设施安全 , 水 , 享受舒适的纯水 , 下午4点钟 , 因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 玉明石对理想世界纯粹的文本研究 , 红色管理的梦想持续不少水 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除排除 , 或者制造 , 两者都通过消除单点失败 , 来消除计划和未处理的下滑时间 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能继续恢复 , 左臂仍然保持固定 , 左腕腕刺激起拉 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨血管张素i型受体在高氧诱导慢性肺疾病中的表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册查找表在同行解决器上重新操作的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	修正本合同的任何修改应当被买方和卖方签署的附加方式 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	空间科学院高速计算中心为学生和教育提供了高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	在获得许可科学程度后 , 我在1960年10月进入了我们的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	gpo对美国政府出版的目录-一个可搜索的联邦出版数据库 , 链接到这些可用的网上 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	2006年至2010年之间 , 美国pto并没有获得一个专利 , 任何中国的五家公司从10家公司中获得了五家专利 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管预期 , 赵伟也强调表演工作限制剩余的手段 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈伊克和罗宾斯强调 , 关于私人水果的关键性的怀疑主义是短期观察的 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是一个国家 , 重视欧盟的重要影响 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由其大小约束 , 病毒使用重叠的阅读框架来生成蛋白的完整补充 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二维是 , 您需要更多的财政刺激 , 在那些可以加强它的国家 , 这就是前载 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁和渗透你的脸 , 用柠檬汁洗去 , 你也可以在黑头上戴柠檬汁 , 把它们抽出来 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:改善和发展三阳三阴的综合征差异 , 探讨经典性疾病的经典性 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	室内的选择不会堆积一些可燃和爆炸的物质 , 室内吸收防火工作 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	扩展能力自动定位所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 用于监控和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内 , 我们的客户包括宝钢 , 手工钢 , 任何ang钢 , 江阳集团 , 其他大型铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘书服务估计 , 每年印刷1亿美元的反馈美元 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	道兴志教师的专业道德从历史和实践两个方面出发 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文应用自组织神经网络在异步电机识别中的参数中应用了自组织竞争神经网络 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立高效液相色谱法同时测定复方氧化合物和ketfiennasal喷雾的方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防御建立知道 , 中国已经破坏f17的秘密 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近一项调查 , 大约78.9%的大学生希望在毕业后进一步进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼经常被描述为人类邪恶的骚扰 , 被认为是穆塔罗的正义行为 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	采用光敏聚合物 , 实现了高温比 , 利用光敏聚合物 , 实现了它的pxel电极和总线 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	而对于毕业生来说 , 金融状况尤其糟糕 , 半数人说他们有那么多的学生债务不能挽救 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	查里的天使 , 爱船 , 王朝 , 贝弗利山90210和梅罗塞地方 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	联合国联合国艾滋病/艾滋病项目已建立一个委员会来研究亚太和太平洋的疾病及其对发展的影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	作为罗森堡笔记 , 黑写的批评经常被作为黑人历史暴露的前提 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	您应该提醒 , 除非你给予正确的和完成的信息 , 否则你将会出席任何关于这个会议的展示活动 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	托马斯·塞克尔本周第一次飞行的机器上 , 这个机器持续了1分钟30秒 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	看看我浅浅的知识 , 缺乏实践经验 , 希望读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	在这时候 , 对我来说 , 地球的心是这个无睡的春夜 , 今天早晨在悲伤的冥想中发誓 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 移民不应该被那么严格的处理 , " 一位绝望父母说 , " 他们对我们来说是非常重要的 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了来自studio的影片目录的动画特征 , 并有一个手机的动画工作室展示 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰的三分之一或中途的火焰 , 从火基础上分离出来 , 火焰分离出来 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	夜晚 , 静静地进入西方 , 忽视地球的细微 , 或是 , 在想象边缘有多少阴影激光 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她把她的银牌放在她的右边 , 马的第一个本能就是逃离危险 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于二次结晶的发生 , 横轧板可以产生相对完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx之间的数据源记录和数据源的字段数据成员之间移动数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	利用肥料对氮供应和氮需求的平衡使稻米产量稳定、高 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 每个帖子和一个新的女王bee带领了子床 , 然后 , 看看网内的数字几乎没有蜂蜜 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开营 , 与他的船员一起重建一条路或一条不断的桥梁 , 吉尔伯特等着回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	结果表明 , 采用多样性热处理是实现相关转子锻件的不同性能的新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷和吸引力颜色可以升级药物包装 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自从那以来 , 父亲在6月第三日在全国都被他们的家庭荣誉和认可 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	我们为什么很多人都把自己放在桌前面 , 用微波的餐后一天吃饭呢 ? 因为它很方便吗 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是用一个简单的支架结构来平原文本 , 许多渠道可以交换一个json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	驾驶员和急救车员 , 无法放弃他们的职位 , 死于他们停止给援助和援助的地方 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	凯文·鲁德昨晚与澳大利亚投票者举行了一段电影 , 去年晚上和他们一起前进 , 忘记了澳大利亚的未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了丁基苯的反应机制及反应产品利用现状 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看到真正密切 , 我们的野花就像我们在花园里培养的任何东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这幅著名的绘画是澳大利亚2008年发现的千上万 , 除了在澳大利亚文档岩石艺术之外 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生命时间短......每个人都有享受生活的权利 , 享受美好的东西 , 包括这小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	有效提高薪水汤红葡萄酒、红葡萄酒、帕尼亚汤官方网站、酒、帕比亚汤等效果 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 绍兴鸭年龄和饮食cp水平显著影响cp保留率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城市周围的新收藏显示了很多文件夹ol , 但也有实际的事情 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音乐、轻松、音乐和技术展览于5月至6日举行 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 在电影生长过程中 , 可以推导pani膜的dping水平增加膜厚度 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与对照组相比 , 颈动脉imt和颈动脉的区域显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	本文总结了vsam文件的结构、数据空间、目录、数据保护以及vsam的数据和功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法采用308例nm激光治疗79例稳定性恶性患者的358例病变 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	针对第二代农民工平滑发展的相关建议 , 提出了 " 公民化 " 的建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些喜欢机构服务的人在短距离享受机构 , 低成本和管理或监督政府的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡储层地区岩石的物理和力学性能进行了评价 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署的机器接近最小磁盘或ram需求 , 那么它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法将患者分为不同群体 , 然后所有患者都在肾色多普勒能量图像检查中 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃没有心情去李俊凯微笑 , 总是在那晚与刘乾慧的性感场景一起喝酒 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 在怀孕期间 , 除了有效的抗抑郁药物 , 还有60%或更多的风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果动物研究中 , 肺炎可以抑制稳定性葡萄球菌、巴克里斯肠杆菌和巴克里奥斯的生长 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当有建筑物时 , 他们通常是贫困的泥土或泥土的结构 , 它们不幸存下雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转折点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示出不控制移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	提出了一种基于cpld的基于控制器 , 用于两个amplude的共振dclink逆变器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一个犯罪抱怨摩洛萨利亚在她当时的银行员工的时候 , 从福尔戈举行了大量资金 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他民事服务人员通常会参与离职培训 , 每年不到12天 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化活性炭脱臭装置 , 用于污水泵站净化气体 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonames地理数据库可在创建性共同属性许可证下载免费下载 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯托利还被称为 " 金购 " 的几个不同的传奇与其开始和其意义相关的传说有关 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种低压装置空白部分布局优化的粒子sarm优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这听起来不对 。 " 最后 , 瓦斯告诉我我 , 我受到ptsd的伤害 , 后期压力障碍 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺院里 , 他发现男人卖牛、羊和狗 , 其他人坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	vbe带等效系数表明 , vbe带的承载能力高于平面带 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子通常每天晚上都有夜间恐怖 , 通常有时候在睡眠后第一小时里睡了 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算了每年生命的增加成本 , 用于高风险个体和高风险个体 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可以使用基于gui的管理工具来修改集装箱的具体环境 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可是一种营养的草药 , 许可证的表现正在推出phgm和逮捕咳嗽 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo咨询过程外包服务提供部分或整体化的各种服务 , 在招聘期间对客户提供各种服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去五十年来 , 传递的民族主义一直是文学知识分子中的常见现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	以碘为催化剂 , 合成了黄油醛和甘油为原料 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文研究了基于游戏的界面自动化、时间界面自动化、资源界面和基于游戏的思想 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	创伤事件 , 比如9/11恐怖分子攻击 , 也往往成为儿童记忆中的搜索 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 恒星半学的启动是多维学术和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏的性格将在实现教学对象和教学任务方面发挥重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这将不会多年的改革引入自由民主党 , 以恢复日本长期的经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	世界上先进液氮卡车已应用于石油生产中 , 1994年进口得到了良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我奇怪的添加特征 , 像婴儿 , 收集死亡的事情 , 并且在漂亮的浴缸里充满满满心情 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯沃布顿表示 , 大使计划表明 , 成员在发展可持续的食品生产中占领先地位 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	罗弗再次救了埃瓦桑 , 通过围绕医生的边缘形式 , 然后从城堡墙上下降 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在 , 我们还可以检索我们的网格工作的一部分是我们自己的 , 只有能量 , 只有在那里才能和我们的洞穴和空间 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于那些曾经坚持烹饪和soda的人来说 , 路到整个粮食 , 偶尔是蔬菜生活开始与这个步骤开始 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgf加斯晶体生长过程中多晶界线的 " 接口效应 " 及其发生 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留他们的电话号码 , 包括区域代码 , 当他们从国家移动时 , 所以很难知道他们在哪里 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法对11例肝动力学监测进行研究 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本文的目的是 , 尽管在本地区建立的研究模式仍然不足 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	经营第一 , 高兴后 , 正如王理查德说 , 当他在塔里站着另一个王的时候 , 他吸烟婴儿 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	多孔硅和其制备技术在微传感器领域广泛应用于微传感器的特殊领域 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来如果安全装置在这场活动中走了 , 今天晚上 , 没有什么东西会保护他们在利物浦失败的伤害 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像来自mesenger , 一个nasa发现任务 , 以实现最内部行星的第一个轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我前老师告诉我 , 作为一名英语大师 , 我应该读大芭芭芭拉 , 其中之一是g.b.haw的主要玩家 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘的工作显示出现代化的中国人留下的现代化现代化的中国人 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三棵宝石 , 他将他的路回到天堂 。 当他在珍珠门外 , 他决定检查他的纪念品 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能会触摸脸颊 , 嘴唇 , 胸部 , 腿部 , 感觉他们的伴侣沿着他们的背部 , 大腿 , 或者胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	通过区域气候模型 , 研究了我国干旱区域利用和土地覆盖变化的区域气候响应 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	其中 , 选择蛋白p是一个特殊异性的isoform , 具有10secysteines 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , chci3和ccl4浓度比来源水工业更高 , 尤其是ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	另外 , 它应该有几个大爆炸场景 , 可以提供动作和毁灭时刻 , 所以可能是有趣的和直接的 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在到达山顶 , 将在一转之后下走 , 公共汽车的右边面正面临着一个不可信赖的悬崖 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想公平的员工 , " 玛丽·艾伦解释说 , 希尔博格的超级代表 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍相关或非相关设施如评论位置、观察者座位、相机位等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	世界范围内 , 科学通信者已经被用来开发涉及科学进展的决定策策 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦领导了包装72%的人报道 , 他们正在兴奋 , 而美国在1月12日出现 , 占59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨这些考虑并讨论了空气或水冷却系统如何能帮助您优化您的mig或tig焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	其中有一些不同的方式 , 温度拓扑与超越性相比 , 但它们丰富并共同发展文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	1963年 , 学院奖项开始了视觉效应分类 , 尽管当时它被称为 " 特殊效应 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入海豹理查德 " 马克 " 机器 , 在全球搜索最终武器的野外骑行 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我爸爸 , 看起来他等着电话 , 然后把地址给我很高效地址 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	将重伤害交给你的目标超过9秒 , 大大减少了他们的装甲 , 只能从侧或后面使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的马拉里亚控制部门 , 与国际研究团队一起工作 , 一直监控该干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部署 , 其自我管理、自治能力最小化人类干预的需要 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pd港已提交计划在testesports运动中开发一个美国10200万美元的进口中心 , 用于一个主要英国零售商的使用 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 潮湿 , 小不点 , 冷冻的王子 , 蓝神经节奏器 , 舞大三角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地分配法使农民逐步更容易购买大型公共领域未开发的土地 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在回答一个模式中 , 您可以设置预定义的数字 , 然后选择手机应该自动答复 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	全球800多个地方的员工大约有20 , 000名员工提供技术 , 系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	下次你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能从物理出生之前来的地方图出来 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析师表示 , 尽管如此 , 中国将想将其产业融合成像布鲁姆伯格、时间战争者和维亚克这样的公司 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果rac节点停止工作 , oracle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到oracle赛跑清理和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在普通的过去 , 发展中国家倾向被视为一个缺乏访问现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdgpet延迟图像在腹部恶性肿瘤诊断中的应用价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	本文分析了夏天马洛多污染的特点 , 提出了相应的操作措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:采用彩色法测定复合物与柏林水氯化物结合物的含量 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	李毅江由于怀疑英国 , 四川人民国会议员的责任被减少 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	此言之后 , 随着政治顾问的建议 , 呼吁政府放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	白领的原因是他们在职业生涯中追求工作成绩的原因在于增加工作压力 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 所有这个地震发生了 , 我想 , 卡尔玛 ? 当你没有那么好的事情发生在你身上 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当复制过程中 , 这个集体知识使软件模式和分类为反模式 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文综述了磁聚合物微球近期成果和应用情况 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象像尘埃的柱子点向热蓝色恒星 , 是他们的愤怒效应的标志 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但是非常老的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf的实现 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.obox地址 , 接收者电话号必须包含在标签上 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要的一种研究 , 为了使最终决定我们需要多长时间继续双重的抗板治疗 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论什么原因 , 我往往认为他是一个低档 " 内部 " , 但他的出版历史相信这张图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	前维拉在国家体育团队的目标上 , 这次他对英格兰的比赛时 , 维拉以前平等的球队打开了进球 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿子的父母是非常犹豫的 , 让一个最老的儿子立即安排工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能量中心位于人神经系统的主要分支 , 从脊柱到头顶 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	当决定一个特定的业务动机发言人规则并指导你的团队时 , 你必须相信你的本能 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	一个新的连接网站的初始版本 , 临床和翻译科学网络将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	断裂是影响粗颗粒材料湿变形的重要因素 , 更好的研究是必要的 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了三维扫描的工作原理和atos光学扫描仪的系统标准 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织向格兰贾斯卡罗尔农场发送检查人员 , 调查结果尚未公布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名签名权有个人权利的属性 , 涉及地位权利 , 财产权利和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文对其物理、化学、生物学特性及免疫化学检测方法进行了研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	马克拉瑟将军描述武器作为 " 太平洋胜利最强的贡献之一 " 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	但是小组结论 , 当德布里斯流入撞击后 , 这些异常都是由岩浆组成的 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	与此同样 , deacons一定是坟墓 , 不要双重的 , 不要给许多葡萄酒 , 不要贪婪过滤的lucre ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva1799的两种尺寸混合物 , 分析了溶液系统的稳定性 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	前浓缩汁为多效蒸发器提供了一种多效果蒸发器 , 除了第二部分水以形成集中 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	1974年夏天 , 曾在福建省泉州湾开挖了一个古代的孙州湾 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	要说旅行是奢侈的 , 而非必要的化石燃料产生是过度简化的 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是垂直位置.149.9 , 但我会认为我测量的不确定性可能是1毫米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文对农业研究机构内部会计控制的现状进行了分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃显示了日常环境中的化学惯性并不与生活事物反应 , 所以它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	第一步合成了方胺的总合成 , 总产量超过14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果在大学注册人也在采取课程 , 他或她可能会扮演学生和注册者的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	运算结果表明 , 这种方法在高成像精度上具有较高的成像精度 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农产品的充分供应 , 增加农民通过多渠道的收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解细菌培养、细菌类型及药敏感性 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	通过对整个结构的主要因素进行分析 , 使整个结构简化 , 职责照明和视觉化 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其他必要油或合成杀虫剂时 , 某些基本油的协同主义 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏的元素可以改善后面的渲染 , 使你更容易跟随 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	本例介绍了高斯统一r.v的信心水平和不确定限制 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	在滚动区内的管变形特征正在变形集中在肩壁厚度和墙壁厚度增加 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 不要私营部门的历史 , 还不包括在历史书官方史上 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	21世纪是国民安全战略之一 , 国民安全战略之一 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨钨粉颗粒尺寸和tc量对晶粒尺寸的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种稳定葡萄球菌抗药率相似 , 耐药性为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了隐形巡航导弹的目标特点和检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频彩色多普勒超声对儿童肺动脉的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三个规则是在数控复杂的编程和仿真过程中进行的 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨双维离子室阵列在加速器质量保证中的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育创新是教育环境中的一个研究模式或方法 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已成为一个常见的个人损伤事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们愿意与生命长的性别传播疾病或贫困卫生的人约会更少 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	利用基于p波粒子振动协调旋转 , 实现了不同深度的源组件 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热垫是数字化的 , 通常不灵活的 , 而不要从电源出发工作 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 庄子 " 是张州的战国时期 , 是道教的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他化合物或治疗浓度没有明确的吸引力或反应对女性成年的行为 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	显然 , 这个科学家称之为摄影公司 , 并订购了一个替代 " 缺陷 " 的电影 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来10天 , 我将在chch上做过时间 , 因为由于客户订单大量的订单 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他要求国会增加援助巴基斯坦 , 但他希望巴基斯坦能够承担安全的哈恩斯坦 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期和智慧地使用mmms , 我可能永远没有另一个寒冷、支气管炎、流感或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	也许 , 当他们袭击青少年时 , 可能会有一些背景 , 但是至少他们有大多数的生活都会同样的信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse允许您自动生成hah代码和等于类的方法 , 这样你不必做它 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	建筑师可以通过现有的应用程序或服务来实现哪些用例 , 并需要建立或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们应该认识到我们的语言的猜测精神上升在我身上的 " 理解 " 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	因为微流程比长期运行过程更好 , 如果可能的话 , 则使用一个微流程来实现代理流程 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 这种状态不会被它熟悉的角色作为一种适应当于数百万年的典型运动耳朵的成分 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月11日 , 金正在查江省新建的康吉农场 。 照片发布于2009年12月11日 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	一项新的研究显示 , 红色的猴子将是最受到温暖的叶子变化威胁的主要原子之一 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	激励参与你游戏的参与是选择参与某些事情 , 让你充分享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有好的时间 , 你不应该问你在面试结束的时候怎么做 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	2008年美国零售主要沃尔玛规定 , 所有在美国和世界范围内的深度冻结者都会与led联系起来 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	笔者指出 , 前瞻性、随机化、安慰剂控制试验需要确认该观察研究的结果 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你不知道比我做的更多 , 因为我读了相同的书 , 听到同样的故事 , 而且我从来没有看过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p玩家几乎做到银行的所有东西 , 市场产品 , 评价借款者 , 写下和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售的情况下 , 这个程序需要从建筑的一端到另一个端的线性运动来移动人们 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	唐代茶取得了唐代的原始 , 由于中国西南地区的长江跨越了数千年 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室的长一天之后 , 你可能会在你新的平台屏幕电视面前停止家庭和崩溃 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	印度 , 8.6%的女孩在15岁至19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在尼泊尔 , 这个数字最高的10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事考试凯特的生命作为摄影师和配件购买者 , 以及成为党女 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都能让你微笑 , 很多人都能哭泣 。 但是 , 让某人非常特别地让你笑着眼睛里的泪水 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	随着前海军和狗处理器迈克·多克在采访中放置它 " , 只要狗跟手工一样 , 他爱着生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	同时 , 他还在迪斯尼 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑白短缺的弗兰肯温尼 , 大概是一个男孩 , 他的死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一位专家认为 , 几年来 , 美国已经在科技投资 , 使汽车更加充足 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	那些担心失去工作的人们 , 让他们从饮用更少的风险下降下来的事情让他们感到担心 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	男子补充说: " 在中央zlitan的一个大型混凝土建筑上指出: " 他们在所有运动都有密切的观察 。
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	如果你必须释放一个单身的东西 , 就会使用 , 你想做一个杜兰维夫人吗 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	但是当他们的排名下降的时候 , 新华在22分和23rd下降时 , 他们的排名下降了 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速、准确地预测弹性寿命的最小实验和成本的新方法 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	还要检查你的手机或pda-你不会错过你的计划在你的口袋里或追求的时候 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏格兰那说 , 今年1月 " 基雅克是全球第五大交通源头 。 "
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们想要4000名朋友到我们的帐户只是希腊 , 谁主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	那些相信透明度的人有继承的价值 , 或者它应该是正常的 , 最初可能与这种方法有困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	当您需要将输入数组分为两个或更小的基于输入数据的标准时 , 您可以使用这个技术 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼工业指数上涨178.08点 , 或1.53% , 11 , 836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	这是一个步骤 , 程序上 , 从大型模型中 , 至少需要一些产品要求的想法 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	采用高质量蒸汽面包加入大豆粉或饮食纤维制成的大豆面包 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	农业部长jeanbaptiste杜马斯 , 法国农业部长 , 被控停止流行病 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李斯科特 , 沃尔玛的老板 , 世界上最大的零售商李斯科特被说是为了提高供应链的伟大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	以色列继续在加沙周围的地面部队准备可能的地面攻击 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	游客去海滩 , 他们去拉缪岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫巴萨 , 他们坐着喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	sife是一个诱惑者 , 育种爱心 , 养生自信 , 产生很多年轻的团体 , 可以做得很好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是理由的惩罚 , 没有疑问 , 但有人必须认识理由的惩罚 , 然后把一只帽子放到他身上 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更高兴的是 , 冷轧感觉柔软 , 质量改善 , 作为一名新客户的良好和用户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	利用喷射器空间望远镜拍摄的图片 , 科学家首先从更近明星和星系中删除了光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设定自己的成功目标 , 她会学会在自己身上获得骄傲 , 依靠别人的批准或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥斯岛在沙滩和海洋的重点 , 作为供应储备的重点 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这只鸟的其他名字是普通的鸽子 , 名叫绿色帝国鸽子和绿色帝国鸽子 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持它清洁 , 清晰 , 伪装 , 但绝对关注特定顾客的好处 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	经济理论的主要组成部分 , 包括股市波动或国家产品等大规模现象 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活让自己从活动中断出来 , 压力你是一个很好的放松工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	在上次我们看到的完全弹性碰撞时 , 我们失去了动力能量 , 这将转换为热量 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	另外 , 体育可能会在绿带购买一块土地 , 而且没有知识行政系统的知识 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙语是我们所谓的 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它基于拉丁语 , 古罗马帝国语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果公司允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 并且在民主零售上显示的名称为12.99美元和下面 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们一样行动的名人不想被照片所描述的是那些秘密的关注者 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于预防多频率测试eddy电流技术的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这创建一个符合设计蜡烛的匹配标签 , 自动绑定到节点的字段 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	在血清、肌肉和肝胰腺的活动仍然稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	可是他是个勇士 , 当他上升时 , 他的最后一口都是灰色的 , 他的肩膀正在平静 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔吉姆派四架飞机和150名军事人员来帮助利比亚没有飞行区 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色的黑鸟被认为是在他们的领域里 , 农民们正在准备另一个赛季 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	虽然它周期试图 , 状态不能清楚这些活动 , 但不会对整个人口造成炎热的影响 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	时尚世界的一个品牌之一是米罗 , 它的服装和鞋子的趋势设计在巴塞罗那 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但是几天后 , 经历了类似的东西 , 当我孤独触发了一个记忆 , 让我难以置信 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	与此同时 , 关于文本的研究一直是一个广泛的奖励 , 因为我们希望它将成为其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	本文结合两个方面 , 针对e2关闭集中凸壳的必要条件和充分条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在这部电影里 , 他总是穿着假的肌肉 , 穿着贫穷的衣服 , 经常穿着一条罐子 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国在坦克林的反叛 , 在二战后一百万名越南人在一次世界大战后 , 无法令人沮丧的反叛 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	结果 , 您可以得到两个并行连接器 , 每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 然后一个返回 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准尺寸服装被改变为像莱弗科维茨先生这样的男人 , 最后的比例可以出错 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年各样的路线 , 带着骑手和扇子穿过山 , 小镇 , 以及巴黎的街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你曾经在景观设计和城市设计实践过15年 。 你有没有在你的职业生涯中有什么挫折 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	来自雅拉谷的雅拉谷的一个优雅的chardonnay , 具有美味的柑橘 , 新鲜的杏仁香味 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子们盯着他开口 , 抱着一分钟 , 然后盖普: " 你没有收到我的电子邮件吗 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南说 , 三架飞机与凤凰飞机相似 , 在飞行之前将再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话诉讼是这样有效的基础工具 , 大多数大型社会运动组织都使用一个或两个 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师长期以来已经知道设计更小、更轻的车辆是满足更强的燃料经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听着人们的参议员是25分 , 但他希望我们继续跑步 , 就像我们背后的路一样 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里安补充道: " 他们知道他的脸 , 甚至在太阳里呆了 , 他的脸没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过详细的数学推导 , 阐述了水平目标与pitch角度之间的耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 它证明了她和丈夫占据了独立的房间 , 在一个震惊足够的事务状态下 , 她和她的丈夫就占据了独立的房间 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	高度禁止非经营者或非维修人员应进入模具袜子的安全保护铁路 , 以避免调查 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 在一些发展中国家的纺织工业中 , 醋酸纤维的发展和应用已经相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本文建立了烟草类烟草烟草烟草指数模型的准确性 , 烟草香草类型为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用异丙烷法测定高血糖模型对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 利用eml教育建模语言对教育模型的学习内容和功能结构进行了抽象 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	详细介绍了基于地质统计学区域化变量和变量图的基础上 , 详细描述了kriing插值技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤联系 , 克罗顿石油会引起突破和痛苦的皮肤灌溉 , 会持续三周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了双发电机并行运行系统的离散时间滑动控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	虽然更多的病例是由特定报告系统报告的 , 但在延迟报告的情况下 , 需要完善报告的问题 。
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	海地500多家救援机构正在运营 , 空中充满飞机发电供应到港口价格 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	聚合物光纤作为短距离通信网络中的一种理想传输介质 , 具有广阔的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国陪同了几个新的世界 , 实际上发现了一个很大的新土地 , 在半球南部地区 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	合金是近年来飞机建设的一种新型材料 , 它是其弹性低模块的著名材料 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 它 " 实现工具解决不提供 " 排放 " 的规定和遵守环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的第十年里 , 他们被寻求 , 他们在吉拉德的杰拉德 , 发现了他们中间有着巨大的男人 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实践需求相比 , 双边业务合作享有巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极体验的优势允许吸收、整合和精神化经验的负段 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干鱼 , 干燥 , 壳子 , 海卷 , 壳子虾 , 干燥的海蛇 , 糖等 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	文中讨论了燃烧的方法 , 讨论了燃烧对内蒙古人群的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷酸盐肥料在这样的国家使用时 , 产量增加 , 农民成本高 , 农民和环境的成本增加 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 用浸泡颗粒浸泡水浸泡颗粒的方法 , 比较氨基达洛苷的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	唯一 , 建立了桥梁纤维动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的断裂动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督徒迪奥在上海举行了多媒体照片展览 , 展示了它的妻子离婚线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , 约旦的hm国王abdullahi概述了一个策略 , 使约旦成为一个区域信息技术hb 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定要让自己更加壮观 , 因为一个人喜欢这样不会被困难的问题 , 可能是乐观的 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是simmel艺术思想中的一个重要类别 , 也是ails审美复兴的表现 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	正如你一定要爱长寿 , 确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦 , 并且不舒服 , 可以用卢比来工作彼此原始 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会玩小歌 , 歌唱春天来的歌曲 , 这个人会给每个家庭带来一张牛仔的照片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 队长巴勒 , 你不应该把我那么接近 。 如果你做的话 , 另外一个舞蹈和我的声誉永远会失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的西班牙 , 黄帝的后裔一直在自豪地对孔子的存在感到骄傲 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的殖民地 , 他的大小将适合一个寺庙或城市广场 , 是一个年轻 , 青春 , 青春 , 无足的男孩 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千个岛屿湖区ndvipatch梯度的景观指标反映了植物社区的现状 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更多有机肥不仅能提高土壤聚合结构和基本特征 , 而且对水土耦合作用和土壤耦合的影响也具有重要的意义 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这种独特的 , 很容易干净的公式留下头发柔软 , 光滑而易于管理新鲜 , 光香 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	佩德里托试图画他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的亲戚 , 所有人都觉得他在外面站着 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮发动机的三维逆向设计方法 , 根据泵的流动参数和革命提出了一种基于涡轮发动机的逆向反向设计方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	现在它包含了一个高端的高端版本 , 可能是beane先生对这些古代交易商的笑话 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新的火车开始跑步时 , 它只需要一半小时 , 那只是比它需要吃午餐 , 还要吃一点 。
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	苏尔化学技术建立在创新和我们成功的关键上 , 继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , mscs在任何时候都在文化层面上表达了bdnf的正常高峰片 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	其中所有的折磨都是沙漠、塔加拉、蓝莲和玉米-美德的折磨是最甜蜜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家在多国公司的外国投资公司 , 属于澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernateshards文档 , 该属性非常昂贵 , 应该在生产环境中转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	上升震惊了罗马的荣誉团体 , 成为了克里亚的贵族和民间发送的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:探讨钛铸件表面反应层的组成、结构和微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	限制工具性能和兼容性的数据量超过我们的超级英国桌面计划工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:总结了3501指标中 , 35项有关包含标准 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多个大小或替代面部设计可以为获得良好的适合和密封提供额外的选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本 , 城市员工中发现的数字并不包括没有工作的人 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne并不存在于现代英国 , 但在英国南部海岸有一个小城镇 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同时 , 为了刺激经济 , 政府应该回归低利息贷款 , 这是为了住房、汽车、大市场项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	重新启用geronimo将纠正一个错误 , 但是当数据库访问另一个时 , 然后再生出异常 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝金萨尔 , 打护士 , 宣布说: " 在多特利的袭击之前 , 美国人知道没有什么但是打败 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	通过对copcobweb算法的分析 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了根系的根长度、根系状态、茎高度、茎基直径、上下地下生物量 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信信信信信信信信被大多数faei在星期六发布在互联网上 , 呼吁他的亲戚发布 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟药物如zyban , 可用处方 , 帮助许多人无法获得体重 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	鉴定了24个犹太国家的10个发病组的12个可靠性研究 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发以确定土地供应大小 , 以提高土地的规定 , 以阻止土地卫生行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后利用燃烧热法分散紫外线hfrl不同晶体变化的稳定性进行区分 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生顾问团队建设学生培训素质是医生培训的重要课题 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文提出了一种多输入多输入多输出细胞系统的电力平衡方法 , 并分析了ber性能 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	聚类技术提供了一种低级消息结构 , 它保持集群同步中的所有节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常被感染者的大气中传播到saliva咳嗽或snez进入大气中 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列出了许多需要和选择的密码图形算法 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金顺警告明章不要破郑中和嘉徽 , 或者他会分离明章真正的身份 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他似乎很大程度上去寻找她的意识的所有倾向点 , 这样就要冲击她最危险的伤口 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动化建模技术是研究交通流动态问题的一个简单有效的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用他们的各个国家司机许可证申请中国驱动许可证 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非稳定的谷物的加工包括加工燕麦、小麦和巴利的制备以及巴利马尔的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化工业有限公司是一个成功的例子 , 是在特殊有限公司合作的政府和商人 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波导致海底液化是黄河三角洲潜艇生理学的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	本文介绍了脉冲平衡控制系统神经元自适应pid控制器的算法和学习规律 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	历史上世纪的移民主义者教导他们的学生如何对特定情绪或消息进行沟通 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	房间温度测量的导电性必须被修正 , 如果他们在深度上使用的岩石 , 就要超过1000毫米 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	陶瓷化合铜管采用于管模具优良的服务效果 , 降低管坯生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他跑了 , 没有人笑... " 燕敏时刻转变了面部的风格形式的面部声明 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	第一四个叶子和烟后 , 一些强壮的苗子出生在耳朵去除时 , 就花了五个叶子和烟 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	本文提出了一种新型的电力线圈 , 旨在解决在线监控系统在高压线的电力供应问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	路湖区内的关键金融中心的零售空间将短期发行 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	15年12月15日 , 我与国会达成了一份omnibus预算协议 , 八年最后的立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它有关于松散耦合架构的所有好处 , 比如代码重用性 , 还限制了需要的测试努力 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在她右手的网球赛车一样 , 60岁的cobalt的衰退有一个内在的手段 , 被镜子扭转 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如以前的季节 , 中场和攻击之间没有真正的联系 , 而且对于一个新的季节来说 , 对于一个新的季节来说 , 人们似乎没有真正的联系 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约书亚对上帝的帮助感激 , 他知道以色列人必须在他们的新家乡幸福之前战斗很多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在被卡罗琳·埃弗森领导 , 他取代了长期的全球销售迈克·穆尔菲 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 给出了该模型的一个例子 , 并分析了一定程度的影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	星星和行星形成的尘埃和气体 , 可见光不能渗透 , 但红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但是随着桑德曼的谨慎 , 一个印象深刻的文档过程只有控制的出现 , 因此只有减轻风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生命经常被视为一个公平的童话和她传奇的婚姻 , 对棒球伟大的乔治奥是这个观点的标志 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调用数学图书馆和混合编程 , 得出了对深层6800年深层的数值结果是满意的 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 天津的援助 " 四自由一 " 政策在低价国家援助的全面实施 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极的 。 不要干净和抱怨 。 它给人们关于生活的负面印象 , 让人们觉得你是 " 贪婪 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	把你总是想做的事情列表列出来 , 但不能因为你提高你的孩子 , 也许是写作或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的阿尔沃尔俱乐部预计将在未来2年签署迪戈·马拉多纳作为教练 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题正在困扰 , 因为两个测试采取者可以结束不同的分数或两个人 , 不同的知识水平可以结束同样的分数 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	当我们听到大风暴的时候 , 大多数人都会为谢尔特听到一场巨大的风暴 , 一个敢于的摄影师就会使他的工作更接近 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将于8月31日完成这个客人邮件 。 我知道 , 如果我不知道 , 我会失去1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 游戏失去了流行性 , 大部分由于欺骗的增长 , 由于我在394年被皇帝奥多斯废除 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	龙图像的分析可以使人们感到兴趣 , 因为龙是一个与传统中国文化密切的图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是年龄的战斗 ; 善恶 , 勇敢的邪恶 , 谦虚 , 帅气的verus , 好不那么帅气 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适合elf传输器的位置 , 可以发现在巴尔特和卡利多尼亚盾牌覆盖的地区 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	太阳光亮亮 , 所以卡伦和老太太太太阳沿着玉米穿过玉米的脚路走去了 , 这是相当责任的 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料和磨损的汽车外 , 还需要把时间花到我的家里 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施不存在的地方 , 战斗政治病毒是成本的 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他在两分钟的间隔听到的时候 , 他说 , 随着采购卡车负载着战斗机头到前面 , 摩特尔壳的大声听到了 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	他回忆道: " 当我第一次看到阿尔帕奇诺的电影时 , 我第一次在我的生活中 , 我认为我想像另一个人一样 。 "
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由古生代裂缝盆地和中新生地盆地组成的大型叠加盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:聚类蛋白具有很多生物功能 , 尤其是对病理条件下组织的重要保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	聊天线上 , 学生可以更自由地表达他们的感情和意见 , 甚至还能帮助他们的外语学习 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使它从未来到战争 , 台湾仍然是更好中美关系的障碍 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室设置工作 , 我不确定如何去学习礼仪 , 如何适当地说话 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	第二 , 通过数学模型建立了wrh的学术可行性 , 并利用比较分析方法 , 证明了wrh的学术可行性 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主机逃离 , 学校后的代理也专注培训 " spy " 和 " 视频tape像代理一样 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过mcgs , 通过一个远程监控网络来监控卫星传输器工作的模式 , 形成了一个超过远程监控网络的公司 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加利亚先生 。 他愿意看到银行家负责该国问题税收和采购的问题 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32他没有把自己的儿子分开来 , 但是给我们所有人都不会怎么样 , 和他一起 , 悲哀地给我们所有东西呢 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	实际上 , 西银行已经从东耶路撒冷分离 , 仍然是巴勒斯坦最受欢迎的巴勒斯坦城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	而且抓住我的第二个软件raid文章 , 我们将采取更多先进的软件袭击功能和raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天声音会在他的头上听起来 , 他的心灵的声音会响应答答案 , 同时他在无尽的任务上劳动 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前石油勘探从构造水库到岩性和地层水库中趋势 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	举例来说 , 梅迪亚在肾脏上持续 , 被称为肾脏meridian , 剩余的可能是模拟的 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了本品种外 , 这种品种并不成功 , 但是它在伦敦和加利福尼亚培养了 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫拿着菲律师的头 , 把它带到耶路撒冷 , 他把菲律宾的武器放在他的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	该算法满足了由字符skeleton生成工具路径的新字符数控加工技术的需要 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售效果不受信任者的影响 , 那么信任者就会对信任者进行不足 , 那么它正在绑定信任者 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	尽管数据同步发送 , 但协议在网络传输过程中提供推荐消息丢失 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件良好时 , 土壤水含量低 , 发展过程长 , 生存率降低 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	血管生理状态是生理压力和体外零应力状态的状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	轻视着葡萄酒 , 高雅混合了香草 , 笑着面包的笑声 , 人群在手上忙着 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	对于国家补贴的程度来说 , 州的补贴是削减私人化的增加 , 更多的工作往会导致那些没有薪酬的人 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 黄小小突然问a , 肾是寒冷的 , 却采取了几个照片的想法 。 "
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	显然确定要看他最好的 , 幸运的哺乳动物花了很长时间仔细检查他剩下的四个脏病 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画在中国绘画中的各种各样性能印象 , 在自我表现中发现的各种方法 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发布的网上信息和叶飞的目标是说服怀孕妇有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	福叶信息集团的法律义务是否在数据保护法律下进行数据保护 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里散开了白毯子 , 吃我们的晚餐 。 很快就有黑暗 , 开始雨 , 风吹得很难 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数岩石坡稳定性的分析 , 用常规冲击的平面表面处理了单面滑动 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	在古佛教仪式中 , 牛津教育的巴切尔在一座古老的佛教仪式上 , 忽视了imphu谷歌 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个程序还介绍了偶尔的突变和随机性 , 这些程序之一可能产生事故的机会 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌的面条:把它放在锅水中 , 直到硬核心被消失 , 然后用肉片或蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	ime是文件的最后一个访问时间 , 每次访问文件 , 下面的文件系统必须记录这个时间戳 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	与此同时 , 高温区逐渐降低 , 直到随着水雾的蒸发而消防排放 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这类不授权的计算机侵入明显反对法律 , 但对大鼠的战斗是一个挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股比例越高 , 融资界越少 , 现金流动对投资的影响越小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们承担北约和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战的联合审查 。 "
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	在水解乳蛋白中添加了液解乳蛋白后 , 活性种子减少 , 但污染率总是非常高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解产生了肉类味道的必要性 , 使这些快餐汤 , 肉类等的吸引力 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	推荐的菜包括哈卡风格的豆腐 , 用虾干的鸡蛋 , 和虾饺子 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	采用激光诱导等离子体反射的微波的频率下移和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	rubish收藏器在处理后面采取消弃的瓶子后面 , 今天绑定制造大型财富 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受我的诚挚祝贺 , 我希望信报告更大成功 , 快快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 北京 , 沿着中南领导化合物沿着150名警察在昨晚在北京举行 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影之一 , 叫gorillas , 基于一个真正的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备广泛应用于食品加工厂、食品仓库等 。 单位潮流往错误 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	成立于1540年 , campeche经常被17世纪的buccaneers所吸收 。 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	技术的实施和应用已经积累了我国其他地区建设油气储存的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来 , 对江苏大学专业评价机制的特点进行了分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这条狗的另一个名字是中国的葡萄 , 荷兰大豆 , 荷兰大豆 , 米歇·马斯菲夫和它的国家是中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种基于无形肋骨制备的单核和双赢磁场传感器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国的经济仍然很难找到工作现在的工作 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了ltg交叉空调控制方法及其控制方法 , 提出了一些改进现有问题的思路 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是在高中实现的 , 通过研究实践者的心理问题研究开始的 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨 " 脾功能不足 " 与胃肠肠肠细胞的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者有机地购买食品 , 因为他们相信产品更健康 , 品味更好 , 环境更好 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	在此工作中 , 采用实验方法研究了fpso的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德瓦尔说 , 世界范围内的数据损失在每年损失了40亿美元 , 以影响企业和个人 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	轻视着葡萄酒 , 高雅混合了香草 , 笑着面包的笑声 , 人群在手上忙着 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	不同协会人口结构不同 , 反映了社区继续成功的过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	正如在日志中出现的那样 , getname方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用服务器生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含从一个程序发送到另一个程序 , 其内容和结构由使用它的应用程序定义 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东部地区和nka控制pw%非常好 , 在一年内保持它的目标 , 也可以实现或超过100%的ytdgs目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要心灵和身体如果心灵能够进入细胞内 , 才能渗透细胞内的膜 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	采用spaelisa与sat和cft对710个牛奶山的样本进行比较 , 对710个牛奶山的布鲁氏菌进行了比较 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	介绍了墨水在东方绘画中的作用 , 以及其使用空间描述的线条 , 提高了新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能会指着你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子不会 。 " 如果你相信他们 , 看看 , 你是四月的愚蠢 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她抱怨或不完全地把自己放在三角关系的索引上 , 并未能看到她在过程中产生的痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷酸磷脂的主要活性是促进细胞吸收 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用和理论的一个主题 , 需要高科技和很多工作经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和傲慢是不一样的 , 但是 , 除了世界之外 , 尤其是 , 我希望我不能自足 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年疲弱的经济承认了一些家庭可能不能为大学付出的紧张性 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	官员打开了他们的巡逻车的车辆 , 然后把看起来像玩具模型飞机和四个转子和视频摄像机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	切鲁比奇和无知 , 她用 " 幽默 " 作为一个烟幕 , 萨洛蒙女士说 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	这位错误听到了这一点 , 他在仆人大声喊出来 , " 谁给你承诺给我承诺吗 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 艾莉·林达和伊恩承诺 , 如果需要 , 把我带到球上 , 我不能错过这 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性爱是相当不同的 , 就像你似乎说的那样 , 那么所有人都有必要的事情 ? " 年轻人问道 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我明白了她的笑容是英语拼写的道路 , 但对于我们在考试中我们的悲剧力量来说 , 英语拼写的道路 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿正在阅读或观察 , 讨论她 。 鼓励她谈论和问她所看到的事情 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	遵循文档作为每个国家文档规定和上海规定 , 分类、排名和识别文档 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	经常冲动 , 偶尔过度越来越多 , 丹尼必须在长途中学到患者之前学习 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	紧张的男子坐在飞行员的座椅上把飞机放进风中 , 尽管飞机在空中飞行时很快 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期以来 , 中国重视小叶茶 , 忽视了大叶子叶子 , 茶叶输出和出口日益下降 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在长夜里 , 很像他们有一个甜蜜的梦想 , 即使是安静的睡眠时刻 , 却不能做 , 即使是失眠的时刻 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	印度urdu新闻机构编辑sheikhmanzohmed说: " 所有这些都导致了很多苦难 。 "
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生物化学、生物学、医学或相关科学 , 最少有5年的相关经验 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:甲状腺切除术中甲状腺切除术是一种较小的损伤、血液损伤 , 是甲状腺切除术中最安全的方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也可以在世界范围内留下 , 这是国际通信网络的媒体丰富的组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于双端信息和单端信息的传输线不安装保护的实现 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他住了一个简单而脆弱的生活 , 他对钱和幸运有差异 。 他总是因为他的工作而失去了晚餐时间 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 旧金山州长董事会通过当地法律禁止在儿童产品中使用化学品 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗尹是一个晚唐不允许忽视作家 , 它的诗歌明显的地区由唐到宋过渡痕迹 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西星期一被提醒我们的根据苏珊·梅尔斯 , 俱乐部创始人的伟大的孙女支付我们一次访问 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但是看 , 这只是完全是错误的 , 整个系统的护理医生把这位高盛放在我们身上 , 因为他们不能处理他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的探讨二磷纳盐对营地b试验领域的耐药控制效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年第一次 , 风吹得更大的风 , 听到风中吹起来 , 干燥的叶子留下了人群 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	胡格希斯承诺继续建立 " sharshed连接 " , 这使得人们共同希望生活在和平和自由 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	对于中国来说 , 国民革命正在战争中 , 中国的帝国主义行动不再完善 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我已经睡了14小时了 。 我想我很累了 。 晚餐时间很累 , 我必须去 ! 我非常饥饿 。
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一个领先的州长和总统阿司匹勒 , 克莱的政治直觉获得了他 " 大批评者 " 的尼克名字 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	维奇:我知道你想做什么 , 你是个愚蠢的女孩 。 然而 , 我亲爱的 , 我可以帮助你这样的梦能真正 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 对ldoce3中最常见的单词的语言处理和书写示例显然不平衡 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我从冲浪时 , 我总是试图在报纸上解释中国人在阅读外面阅读的文字 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然最糟糕的价格下跌似乎已经过去 , 但在2010年内 , 全国范围内的家庭价值将会显示出微小的收益 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果词汇证明了有效的话 , 美国表达可以参与病毒营销活动 , 以创建 " buzz " 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	迪哥马拉多娜今天说 , 狮子梅西是 " 与耶稣玩一场 " , 但不要做错误的选择 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果想改变sammba服务器的名称 , 就要比服务器的unix名称更改sammba服务器的名称 , 那么使用网络名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新的ipodnano , 开始于149美元 , 另外还有一个fm接收器和pedometer , 除了构建视频摄像机 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	但是瑞典的报纸建议 , 当他们经过耶和华运行的时候 , 鸟儿正在吃盐 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何生理差异 , 研究人员从每个组中自动化某些个人 , 来研究他们的脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语首先在第五个世纪使用的角色萨克逊语言书写 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共同的义务 , 确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案件和交付时间规则 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	游客的中心和博物馆提供了关于古代普尔人民文化史和今天印度人民文化史的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈是半浪漫的总体 , 它的无力参议员在大量的、贫困管理的房地产上散发 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	中央静脉和外周动脉的总mk和mk水平显著上升 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 这是一个非常特殊的乐趣 , 公开表达我对格雷格里佩尔曼的深刻赞赏和欣赏 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有帮助的步骤包括帮助别人 , 使用幽默 , 学习是否定性 , 以及实践问题解决和时间管理 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项法案错过标记 , 因为它不可避免导致商业和消费者的能源成本更高 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	请参见<wascehome>/var/diory/服务器.xml用于目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	下次你需要驱动你的车 , 把左鼻子盖在你的拇指上 , 然后用右鼻子呼吸 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	他们说 , 事故教他们两个教训 , 无论船是如何安全的 , 最多的人类错误都可以把它倒下来 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	上个月前报告显示 , 第二季度增长比较快速修正预测 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要在未来和公司中出现网络 , 应当扮演客户价值的代理和集成 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据中世纪传说 , 耶稣在最后一次供应商使用的杯子或板块 , 后来成为许多物体 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我把他们送出了一个长期的购物列表 , 把时间放在手机上 , 然后在十分钟 , 拖着彩色上楼 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 离年 , 希望家庭在今年 , 我们可以一起健康生活的幸福是好的 , 不对的 , 没有对的 , 都是对的 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾尔维先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以换个短时刻 , 让它消失 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实施的独特特特色之一是俄罗斯生态社会团体扮演着重要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、手段、可靠性和空间隙理论 , 统计分析了该数据 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	歌手第二天晚上 , 美国超市塔布洛德在一份报告上说她怀孕了双胞胎 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他确保他的男人准备好了 , 麦克莱兰的计划是把他的军队放在波托马克河的船上 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	对于电力分布 , 给出了一个特定的a/d转换器 , 实现了电力、区域和性能良好的贸易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 案例教学可以通过理论教学 , 结合音乐课堂教学的实践 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这就是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更加热保温 , 还有两个金色的线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些瑞典人被认为是安全的 , 所以 , 在怀孕期间 , 你的健康保健提供者谈论了多少非营养性的瑞典人员 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:通过非肿瘤技术合作 , 可以严格防止血原肿瘤细胞扩散和局部种子 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种双维伺服器四色图形识别的方案 , 以及其边界处理技术 , 为什么 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hm的同时解决和更新参数实现的联合源通道解决方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个激活器在co2去除过程中使用的欧洲激活器act1进行替代评价 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	迄今为止 " 巴迪拉 " 种植于夏天 , 有效干旱和产量的数量并不明显相关于播种规范 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三国 " 浪漫在刘北 , 原来卖草砂 , 但后来组织上升的征服者 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	查巴电子有限公司是一家来自以色列的买家 , 需要购买产品类别包括:电信等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	为了使客户缺乏传统的方法学 , 为了对产品所有者/经理进行优先化控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当两片都被完成时 , 阿拉克看见她惊讶的时候 , 她已经被打败了 , 因为上帝的设计是无限优秀的 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	由海洋、湖泊和河流淹没的丝绸总有不同的粘土含量 , 导致不同的坚固的丝绸强度 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部要求在省范围内建立并提高儿童艾滋病防治和控制系统块 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业:美国国家害虫控制协会成员和中国老鼠和卫生害虫预防和控制协会 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 庄园 " 和 " 南京玉 " 是克里桑菌种的潜在父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售员刚卖了一双鞋子 , 他们可能会有一个真正的笑容 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成果列为:1 ) 自我nof脉冲宽度调整为老灰度控制 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	结合工程建设完成技术文档的任意形式的补充、集成、修改和必要删除 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	民主党议员阿基萨·纳加希玛说: " 唯一能统一党的力量是奥萨瓦 。 "
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是 , 30小时的数据需要搜索脊柱参数和天空位置的搜索 , 但没有在石头上设置 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	没有预测到一系列温室效应可能带来关注 , 但是所谓的好处很少会有效 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	二十世纪 , 系统功能语言学和心理学作为两大影响语言学的理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	上海中国国际商学院举行的一次会议上 , 兰恩星期六在上海举办奢侈品会议 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道 , 美德从他身边走出来 , 把他转到新闻里 , 说 , 谁触摸我的衣服呢 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴特拉·梅苏德现在正在美国人采取 , " 一名退休巴基斯坦一般的分析师说 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	营养成分的一个原则之一 , 不能使郑平食品、普鲁尼斯、提升和其他值得这项任务 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里奇说: " 我们只需要强调那些饮料和驱动的人 , 才能真正引起很多家庭的心脏疾病 , 我们需要停止这种感觉 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马对记者说 , 奥巴马将推动新能源的外交和其他非军事方面的全球力量 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的激励是重视战略石油储备的角色 , 增加勘探输入 , 增加了石油的冲击 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它是由额外的侵袭、转移到宫颈淋巴节点或远端器官和组织病理性atypia 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	弗拉斯尼亚是理解多样性变化之前的一个关键时间间隔 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了老师互动的概念和教师互动的基本特点 , 探讨教师与学生之间的相互作用 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别事件通常用于癌症、过敏、病毒感染、炎症和自身免疫疾病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	加菲尔德 , 洛斯国际ecity会议的报道 , 城市生态学和cerrogoordo镇论坛 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我一起在这次旅行的领导人会见了早餐 , 我们和所有陪伴们一起拍照 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是0和100之间的值 , 其中100指数显示一个轻量的负载服务器 , 而0是一个重量负载服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	通过直接计算各代不稳定性值的计算 , 比较了cv的恢复对cv的影响 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单片结构的布局优势是单片结构的 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	混沌和骨折之间的自然紧密连接是由于混沌动力系统奇异吸引器的无限相似性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	此外 , 它还需要更长的跟踪化疗是否可以采取术后放疗的地方 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	冠军和冠金牌...伍德和她的冲刷 , 一种 " 鸟类 " 的类型 , 比 " 地平线的任何程序都要多 " 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司拥有进口贸易权 , 可以为国内外用户提供船舶自动化系统和信息系统的总体解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	同样的问题在于中央政府的传播部门将在执行官袁法官的争论中看到同样的问题 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将被举行 , 称为yuletide , 一个特殊的节日将在火中与玉勒日志燃烧 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文首先在一系列中 , 将采取更新的视图2.0 , 以及如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人球迷的欢迎 , 他的两次冠军在周末结束了三场失败 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	或至少 , 根据大多数美国人和英国人在语言应用babel的新调查中调查的情况 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会试图把这个前提和使用xenophobia或海军主义论点转换为同一标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果建立了8 , 000个自动测试案例生成600个失败 , 您实际上能处理这个问题呢 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作者几乎不能声称权威的大量份额 , 但是他们会有很好的任务 , 不会干扰其他男性的工作 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远 , 社会平等的声音在社会现实中出现 , 体系可以和平等倾斜 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	温格还注意到 , 中国已经为亨利·科恩卡最大的市场 , 而且每年在大陆的香槟市场正在增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国最好的滑冰者为摄像机拍摄 , 大多数年轻人笑着笑着 , 他们的眼睛和激动跳舞 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	当大公司规定屋顶和国际竞争时 , 大公司在战后繁荣期间变得越来越多的阐述和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	奇怪的是 , 自那时 , 世界银行和新闻机构没有通过尘埃曼的经济预测来阻止垃圾 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	与分部有许多用户启动事件 , 比如当用户单击或双击标签显示空间内的显示空间中 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于廉价的中国货物对主要零售商来说更有利 , 他们倾向于超过这些低价格的推广项目 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	因此 , 进入官方的立场 , 因此 , 通过接收和票联合控制pel事件 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染药物在感染者的存储中被传送到不受感染的人们通过污染的食物或水来传播给不受感染的人们 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	jr:我们还没有详细地查看其他平台 , 但是我们确保有更多平台、应用程序和网站可受到同样的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度改革的缓慢性和证券市场的稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	它是新文明观点 , 核心正在寻求共同的地面 , 而储备差异 , 和平共存 , 代码开发 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学具有交流功能的特点 , 在艺术结构的选择或形成过程中 , 都具有交流的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文提出了基于检查列表和流图的风险识别特征构建技术 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	在连接面板的位置 , 应采用无锈钢 , 钢铁 , 钢铁 , 螺栓紧张 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计的教学中 , 提出了线性回归的参数估计方法 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物收入导致太多无辜的死亡 。 这些公民被仇恨所盲目 , 他们并不认为后果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中国和外国佛教的活动限制到点和线条 , 缺乏大规模扩散 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水表是健康的 , 它来自地球第一个地方和下一个地方 ; 空气表是不健康的 , 它来自缝纫 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波器提供一个基于服务器的服务 , 这样你可以报告spam , 这样其他用户可以从您的电子邮件中获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿音乐 , 因为我喜欢跑步 , 但我很难信心 , 因为我只有5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除了在葡萄牙的葡萄牙 , 网络并不受欢迎的猎地 , 大约有半个被调查的人和女性选择在线找到人们 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译句在空间领域中的特点 , 拥有和属性的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	成熟和抛光 , 一个红色的红色和巧克力的味道 , 与泵和香料完成 , 无力地担心 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧 , 似乎你在生活中慢慢 , 记得上帝永远不在匆忙 , 但他总是在时间 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 尤其是我们有很长的列表 , 希望我们回到他们 , 我们需要 " 公民 " 的程序 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	自从信西亚丑闻以来 , 伯卢斯科尼也在与埃塞科特参加他的党议员签署调查 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅有苏菲见证了全吹的仪式 , 而且她自己的祖父却是著名的...女王的祖父 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	虽然霍尔战略是聪明的 , 约翰逊愿意把它当作旧版的新版 , 但有两个问题与霍尔夫法相结合 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	甚至我最艰难的朋友 , 他们抱怨并试图在他们的msn中登录日志 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	针对钢铁火焰正常处理 , 提出了采用闪光焊接、气压焊接和铝热焊接的钢铁火焰正常处理方法 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚之前 , 另一个人从他那里抓住爵士 , 说: " 谁看见了一只蛇吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	理论、重组和制备的主要角色 , 在理论、理论、理论、重组和制备方面都有着最好的哲学贡献 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们终于在无穷的开支和债务的循环中 , 更多的工作 , 生活中充满了货物 , 但意义和幸福的空间 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , webspherhereace访问为偶尔连接门户用户提供了一个解决方案 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语动词 , 可以引入一个报告条款和一个分类 , 由逻辑和语义标准制成 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白医生看了8 , 000人约会回到世纪70年代 , 所有的iq都测量在五十岁和十岁的时候 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何希望成功 , olpc认识到它需要从目标单元模型中获取它特征的xo机器的制造 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	在您可以编辑视图之前 , 必须绑定一个视图控制来选择现有视图或创建一个新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已广泛应用于长距离通信中 , 但它的高系统成本大限制了其应用于电子区域网络 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在基于内存的对象缓存中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过在整个集群中分享某些服务器的对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在使用总线拓扑的lan中 , 一个分段是一个连续电路 , 通常连接到其他这样的分段 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	玛丽夫·影斯强的一位高级姐妹之一 , 在他带来试验之前 , 她已经展示了她在维护伊利丹的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	当奥巴马在2008年为总统候选人时 , 他承诺 " 带着 " 芝加纳到mat " 的交易和货币问题 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着流动频率的增加 , 光谱区域的数量和其变化对不同分散政权的变化有着不同的影响 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每当你拿起你的仪器或打开你的嘴巴时 , 都是关于良好的习惯和沟通你的嘴巴的所有建筑物 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标指导的行为是生物学的基本特征 , 也是识别实体是否生存的重要标准 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 他们在奥运之前回到哪里 , " 沃伊尔斯特克说 , " 否则这会对商业计划产生影响 。 "
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安质量和技术监督局为了进一步促进食品的英国名字 , 为了进一步促进我们的名字 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国议会的全球运动 , 提高对气候变化的认识和面临世界城市的能源挑战 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	google的技术需要从商家中想到的一些原始 , 但是看起来很简单和安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架抗边载荷在短方向上应用 , 同时对角承载稳定了建筑的长度 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	东方的历史展览区大多是对象吸引了中国铁路的光明进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这样的信息对您的健康有重要意义 , 请立即使用这种烹饪方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	但在工业化管理过程中 , 江拉种子生长产业的发展过程中 , 有一定的问题需要迅速解决 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响环柱头、阀座、阀座在内燃发动机的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被告知 , lt键是错误的 , 如果压力计算机会崩溃 , 所有实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	性能损失主要由cutof插件引起 , 圆方推力室和插件开放基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于他来说 , 美国的同性规定 , 美国使得 " 出口民主 " 战略有很大的努力 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周 , 美国的天主派只有上次宣布他们最终会对死刑的严重反对 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	莉莉安·拉弗尔尔:导演一部电影是非常严重的工作 , 我们都知道 , 你只是说是是的 , 还是没有什么呢 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本文的目的是研究几种复杂变量的变形函数和变形映射的独特性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血液动态稳定的超声心律障碍可以保持观察和隔离糖尿病的观察和治疗 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	khakitotebags和金属支持集群袋对你呼吁 , 因为你想要你的配件作为电泳 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphereapplicationserver社区版本的插件 , 通过关闭链接标签不会看到您的服务器列出 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种无机盐的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的探讨急性贫血的临床疗效 , 探讨肾脏、加强脾脏和生血的方法 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了基于普通微分方程的多体系动力学的设计灵敏度分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	在多线程技术中实现了一个扫描孔 , 其扫描速度非常快 , 孔容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的性质使观众在航天的位置 , 只能揭示自己作为一个不同时的物体 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	根据等价理论的观点 , 翻译的品牌名称应该实现完美的语言语言学 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流是stut , 如果它没有重新向文件或管道 , 那么选择的页面就会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探讨周向、纵向和中壁缺陷的探针配置 , 也为厚度验证和辅助监控 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有opel , 通用汽车承诺在北美建立一个较小和更多富有足够的汽车会缺乏信心 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	在zibo市废水处理厂采用ab工艺处理工艺 , 处理城市废水 , 其中80%以上是工业废水 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	与红肉菜、蓝鱼和更硬的奶酪一致 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕一致 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这个综合资源包括一个国际支持者在领域领先的学术和实践者的贡献者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他喝深深深的蒸汽 , 学习把自己的精神与远处流动的潜力混合到房子之下 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 国家核政策的评论是自二十年前冷战结束以来第三次 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	这个活动中涉及的个人不仅是科学上未知的 , 而且 , 绝对没有什么更好的信息 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自开发的光油改造催化剂在氢生产中表现良好 , 在家里取代了进口工具 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人都在这里加入我祝愿你们两个 , 塞欧拉和基玉 , 最好的生活必须在你的婚姻中提供你 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几个客户机上 , 可以在各种情况下模拟成千上万个虚拟用户 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	振动液化床广泛应用于化工业、冶金工业和食品工业干粒子材料 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们早期认识到这个趋势 , 我们可以重新分配我们的资源来减少关键路径活动的关键性 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在不断的意识状态中 , 和平的思想 , 强烈的冲击 , 以及信仰和精神的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的探讨全科医生神经障碍诊断标准及手术手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数病例都在明显的区域组装分布中 , 北部城镇占总数78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	家庭持有者庆祝他们所有的业务、农业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续产品升级 , 多纤维混合理念的实现 , 棉纺企业增长纤维创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体来说 , 53%的法国人相信萨科齐先生使 " 一个好总统 " , 与5月份的41%相比 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源库表示 , 每年将供应3000万吨煤炭 , 每年大约有3亿美元 , 从2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和提示部分对如何改变行为 , 学习新的技能和改变个性特点提出了很大的建议 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	将数据处理基于您传递到cin的数据结构 , 这个函数不会设置数组尺寸字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	amazonweb服务 , 租借大型数据中心的计算能力 , 为客户提供了便宜的声誉 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	版本显然比自由版本和霜wire声称是limewire的自由版本提供了更多的功能 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kdcup99数据集 , 以评价该方法的最佳性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯汀是那些喜欢耶稣和他生活的那些富有活力的年轻人之一 , 他的死亡突然让我们留下了数百万个问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	这足以让我们感觉很好 。 在外包工作和耐磨之后 , 婚姻机构现在正在外包外包 , 甚至我们的爱生活 , 日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	去年 , 金融时报收购了金钱媒体 , 一个在线资金经理的网上供应商 , 负责订阅费用 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	您可能早些时候开始醒来 , 以便得到您的新计划或计划到新博物馆展览的旅行 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	minqrane女士 , 你真的想结婚珍妮弗 ? 克莱恩人回答珍妮弗将是我们的泰国江集团的救生 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	希望sh我们在五天访问期间与胡锦涛总统和温家宝等高级官员会晤 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	艾姆:当我年轻时 , 我看了很多海克姆奥拉朱文的演奏 , 查尔斯·巴克利 , 当然迈克尔·约旦 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是基于恐惧的思想形式的一个叶子 , 并将基于统一的思想形式与光的语言相关的思想形式集成 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美食用水果和蔬菜作物经常不能达到超市 , 因为它们的大小或物理外观都不会出现 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	该项目将利用电力购买技术的海洋电力技术 , 包括模块、海洋购买 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课的合作学习理论可以改变传统的教学型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 1980年的邮票发布在1980年 , 特别是幸运的 " 老猴 " 年仅发生了60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是二维 , 那么常想 " 包 " 的内容 , 就像迭代的那样 , 就可以这样做 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证面部的安全和快速的支持 , 而且大部分减少了面部的消除成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 通过经验丰富的外科医生专业化 , 完成了高容量医院的程序 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场商和消费者都意识到发生的时候 , 市场营销工作都满足了最终结果 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从互联网的早期使用 , 网络的哭泣是网络空间是新的边界 , 没有法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但这次表现并没有满足两位圣女 , 马奎·德布尔丁 , 和委员会德查特维乌克斯 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也成为一个基本法律的成员 , 使许多基本法律加上独立法律、政府法律和当地法律等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 完全披露:我不会叫做基于位置的社交网络服务的重用户 。 我没有市长 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovafb2的涂层抗原和fb2的竞争抗原 , 研制了一种用于检测maizenab2b2的冰激素b2 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以学习你的第一句话 , " 莱克尔 " [le'ka] , 调整.意味着 " 好/漂亮 " 的东西从食物到女孩 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他是欧洲迁徙的最佳项目 , 因为他接受了签证d'or和照顾奖 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有良好的水质特点 , 在高阿尔加拉登和良好的处理效率、低成本等特点 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌的四个患者在18fdg综合发生图像上有负面的发现 , 但显示出积极的血清标记 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软触摸的面料和强大的压缩会遇到奇克设计和思想的细节 , 您每天都要穿上一件衣服 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	你需要跟着相当正式的服装代码 , 没有训练者 , 没有牛仔裤和女士 , 穿一套夹克和绑架 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助您的工作开发前景 , 因为你可以获得一份工作 , 如果你需要一个或更多的业务来开发你的公司 , 还有更好的费用 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	中国缺乏男性教育者和书籍有着强烈的争论:中国男孩正在发展在一个主要的女性环境中 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法应用于几个简单的模型分子和bnzamidine与hiv1蛋白酶之间的锁定 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	五名经理还表示 , 夜间不断醒来 , 意味着他们更容易犯错误 , 摩里的1 , 006人透露 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么今天早上 , 医生告诉我 , 你的机会很快就能看到他所说的机会是十个 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每次调用都会获得自己的活动记录 , 所以每次调用变量将自己的存储空间在激活记录中获得自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	6月13日 , 捐赠者承诺超过4亿美元支持加维的工作 , 超过任何人最荒凉的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人加里·瓦纳奇克用他的知识创作成功的葡萄酒图书馆 , 日常的视频博客展示了酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周 , 一位名叫加里的男子 , 卡尔维先生的奶酪家 , 进来 , 把它重新分配在水里 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是我们需要利用科幻系列明星trek技术空间火箭 , 帮助我们达到可怕的行星轨道 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	奥迪亚斯帕迪米罗说: " 如果你有不好信贷的话 , 那么信用卡比以前更难 。 " 但是他们仍然可以使用 。
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与睾酮受体深处在我的假肢中 。 我喜欢与多巴胺一起淹没我的原始蜥蜴大脑 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	下次你需要一个pojo并且在注释上滑动 , 将它转换成ejb , 您可以给openejb团队带来一些感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因 , 一些常见的动机包括环境、动物权利和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国煤矿一年一定会杀死2 , 003万名工人 , 而且在那里的煤矿吸引了空气 , 其他地方的地方也有更多的杀死 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	大多数关于内存的研究都集中在于你期望的时候 , 记住事物的一面 , 多么精确等等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如小说一样 , 我们也许试图把我们的关注转变为某人新鲜和尝试再次对浪漫爱情的刺激 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 可以设置alias , 扩展到 " l' , 对于一个目录或列表文件的长期清单来说 , 它是常见的 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战是在单一伞下获得这个不规定的和不组织的系统 , 为了提供普遍的访问提供提供提供 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放后处理得到了很多关注柴油发动机的排放标准 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在高磁化脂肪坏死的视图中 , 一些脂肪腺巨噬细胞在神经脂肪脂肪组织细胞之间被看到 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤降解主要是营养差、微生物差、坏结构差、基础化和重干旱 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术中56例椎间盘超过椎间盘进行临床观察 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	星期六 , 美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿称北方的协议和声明 " 深度遗憾 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店支付债务卡 , 你可以从帐户中拿出额外的收费 , 这通常叫做 " 现金回报 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	鸽子散落成为一个男人在卡瑟曼德乌附近的圣殿附近的祈祷家 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	塞多夫后来到马丁的一本晚期挑战 , 尽管罗斯尼里继续看着更危险的一面来临 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中的配置线是一个3rd度多项式 , 但是任何类型的光滑都会告诉你 , 有大量上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一家公司希望在下跌利率上放出更好的话 , 那么它可以简单地拥有它的市场制造单位建立它的债券库存 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大han " 是一个旧战略 " 角度 , 讨论成为福州港的价值 , 大大程度上和必要性 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	您承认并同意 , 您可以享受成员支付年费和相关设施费用的年费用 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据工业分析师马什尔·科恩说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋实际上是购买篮球的 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国东anglia大学气候政策专家mikehulme表示 , 英国的社会效应也不可预测 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	福建桥是上海地区最长、最高、最高的石桥 , 共有五个开放在朱家桥和上海地区 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行程度的差异之外 , 定义不足也是限制支付宝贵的副本人一大手工疗效 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	新的金融监管不能解决公司 , 即使他们发挥了一个中央作用 , 通胀房屋泡沫 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯苏拉斯在上个月在安菲尔德的11场比赛中受到了球迷的控股 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	有些人在洛杉矶河的滚动水上 , 我们的路上带我们去公园 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	2003年9月 , 曼联失踪了欧元2004年9月的测试 , 这是一份显然仍然与球员一起排名 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 研究了硫亚嗪和阿司匹林进口片的溶解性提高 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了moca/e比和填充剂对物理性能的影响及pu弹性器的热空气年龄的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , src柱轴压缩比的有限值通常比rc柱的有限值高 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织一般政府赞助反馈反馈和缺陷的产品和其他非法活动 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 当地层和砂层河两种时 , 联合国的关系不能辨别渠道模式良好 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	通用设备的例子很差 , 包括雪鞋和计算机或类型的密钥板 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从当前的情况来看 , 政府的欧洲发展可能再次突破了壁垒 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	该方法采用马肝组织作为原材料制备马酒精脱氢酶干乙酮粉 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	一种透明的导电it太薄膜亚电池的顶层生成了反射层 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业家都热衷于特定的市场或技术 , 并把销售帽子放在不自然的情况下 , 这是好的 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接当地能源的生产发展 , 供应平衡 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	上海市长宁地区妇女、家庭妇女和学生对碘缺陷的知识和实践 。
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法对74例患者进行ct扫描证实的mbienscistna变化进行分析 , 研究其与预后相关性 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	输入$userinstallot}\etc\wsecurity\samples\samples.jceks在密钥存储路径领域 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的探讨全体骨扫描技术在喉癌细胞组织组织组织学中的应用价值 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	经过一次新闻会议和一个oath仪式之后 , 10名矿工队伍vowsvows的队伍确保安全 , 他整体改变了他的工作 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	ollila表示 , 微软并没有成为诺基亚唯一选择 , 并且注意到许多公司在与完成手机制造商合作的兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家 , 是星系中心周围的循环核环 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了pinelliaternate的germplasm评价研究方法 , 建立了提取物和总碱的评价方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国破产法官允许雷曼将现金投入两家银行 , 以避免监管机构的严禁 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法采用醋酸法观察两种不同浓度对小鼠内脂蛋白注射液的镇痛作用 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文本的总结 , 语言的整体特征已经对林庄作了简要的概括化 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	przwalski的马 , 一旦旋转蒙古的步骤 , 被认为在野生里变得太分散了 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系的转变需要美国和韩国维持 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长长长长的猎物取消 , 这些 " 被短的角度扫除 , 就像有些凶杀的虫子一样 。 "
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑您的网上专辑 , 作为在公共台上留下的财政专辑的等价 , 每个乘客都会通过 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场如此挥发和公司 " 通过经济衰退 " 的长期日志 " , 还有几个指标是来临的 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果您正在跟随并计划在这个点上进行突破 , 请在您的文件系统中保留两个工作 , 如今你已经创建过更大的文件 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们看到了更多非白人群的权威主义 , 我认为 , 权威主义家庭的百分比在亚裔美国最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月球远远离地球 , 即使大树在山上生长 , 我们不能通过最强大的望远镜发明 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	大型城市公共汽车停车的机场客户和袋检查是不实际的 , 因为它将带来普通的生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	几天后 , 他们仍然与军队联系 , 幸运地 , 他们杀了鹿 , 难以依赖维生 , 花了几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 对于四大银行来说 , 好银行/坏银行事务应该是管理的 ; 行业只有四个工作在tandem中才会稳定 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	与此同时 , 我仍然希望一个专门的键盘 , 所以当我看到s710的时候 , 我知道它是完美的适合 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果这本工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 那就必须是上帝的一般知识 , 然而有限 , 导致男人常想他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	汞和任何人类癌症、白血病、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间没有其他文档联系 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国最近公开支持对伊朗的制裁 , 并对朝鲜的核活动有更少限制 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这场比赛开幕在一个不名的战争中东国家执行一个gig , 在交换1000万美元的费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	在8月底 , 乔伊·德弗里斯科完成了许多残酷的工人幻想:他在不可思议的外国时尚辞职 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	根据价值链的周边和企业策略 , 提出了不同的优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	鉴于滤波器处理请求和前进的能力只引入j2ee1.4 , j2ee的旧版本需要不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利活动家brigittebardot写到德国部长呼吁她不要给予压力超过奥巴马禁止 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦西亚全面反馈更多和塞维拉中场马赛卡都是拉齐奥·洛蒂奥总统的购物列表 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在两级金融控制涉及大学和学校内有矛盾的实验室管理和长期发展 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	结果表明 , 试样提取与eeg有关的信息注意力 , 显示了eeg生物反馈系统的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科尔声称 , 穆里尼奥没有解决未来的球员 , 更喜欢将来的球员 , 而不要集中在手中赢得比赛 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	本文对金坦岩盐的力学方面进行了系统的实验研究和理论分析 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例患者18例鼻子感染 , 发生14.3% , 呼吸道感染占48% , 尿24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	除了德国的趋势外 , 年轻人实际上失业率下降到10.3% , 超过两年期 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	与传统的观点不同 , 句子意义是其真实的条件 , 从而实现了一种分析意义的新视角 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论对大鼠肝硬化大鼠血液疗法具有调节作用 , 具有实验过敏性鼻炎 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗马国务卿克罗指出 , " 虽然物理学家经常知道他们的患者会死于给定疾病 , 但他们从来没有告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然站在那里 , 命令他叫他 , 他们叫盲人说 , 对他说 , 好舒适 , 升起来 , 他清理了 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	wafer的大小说 , led的质量比小芯片更好 , 价格比异构大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国hiv传播模式对感染率传播的影响显著提高 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	实际上 , 美容专家们通过实际研究表明 , 婴儿油和糖的结合提供了一种最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他指责陈的电脑在精英多媒体有限公司修复了这张照片 , 夏是一名员工 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些本身 , 林肯的演讲和写作的引用已经稳定在整个农场上 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多人都在大明宫的地方设置 , 他们已经保持了很多原始的地区文化 , 比如他们的方言和传统的食物 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中 , 它可能会收集反射总是如何寻找固定和永久性的东西 , 尽管自己和管理特定的东西 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔给婚礼带来了kay , 这样她会慢慢慢和可能没有太多震惊 , 吸收他父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	低频钢36z疲劳的焊接金属裂纹增长率可分别为35和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统很容易构建和简单 , 具有较高的光谱分辨率 , 而不增加收集时间 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 重复pv在患者的椎体水平同样有效 , 没有疼痛缓解患者之前的pv 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	与软银行合作是一个很好的开始:公司拥有2200万的订阅商 , 其用户基地已经在过去几年里迅速增长 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不敢自称改革开放的先锋 , 但毕竟 , 我们是第一位普通人开餐厅 , " 郭说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	拜纳姆错过去赛季最后46场比赛 , 左膝损伤 , 他平均每场14.0分和8.2磅 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了沿着运河滑坡的灵活性衬托系统以及相关扩张土壤性能的设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	本文利用性选择性吸收指标来表示性选择性吸收对性吸收率的提高 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女性将有更多的建议成为英雄母亲 , " 联邦主义者说 , " 比建立 , 亚马逊像英雄一样 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	这几天忙碌 , 由 " 水边缘 " 实际上没有发现 。 今天 , 去图书馆 , 图书馆小时前 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了排除这些条件 , 我们必须根据我们国家的特殊环境 , 根据公司的规则机制重新设计企业的规则机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	吉妈发现了一块石板板 , 很多字已经被打碎了 , 显然不想让别人知道更多关于这个坟墓的信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队沟通提供了一个蓝图 , 不仅对于会议业务目标来说 , 而且还是为了执行有效的工程提供了一个技术 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路博丁鉴定它使用的阴影 , 但认为任何混乱的影子都会影响贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	因此 , 您可以去多个论坛学习一些以上常规颜色的信息 , 这个论坛将涉及到网络平台更可靠 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	分配 。 您可能不会分配、子认证或者否则在本协议下转移任何权利或义务 , 通过执法或其他行动 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物所有权在中国正在繁荣 , 藏族大法是那些想在股票和房地产上传播他们财富的狗 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应该充分提供 , 大学培训应该是我们普通国家的单一课程或比赛的单一 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点讨论了原始日常保障中心工作人员的自我身份 , 并讨论了社会结构上下文对识别的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 自从1918年以来 , 观察者没有使用 , 但是实际上没有什么 , 瘦肉 , 季节吸烟完美 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	稻米赞美阿富汗总体abduljabar销售 , 成为阿富汗政府最大的雇主之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他拿下汤姆巡逻影子 , 她看见山羊的眼睛--------------------------------------------------------------------
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	基于cagyue的镜像分析 , 探讨了新媒体影响的幻想文学创作的新视觉 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 古典装饰品、完美展 " 的质量产品 , 永虹重新定义了生活 , 完全展示了每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲发展银行正在鼓励亚洲中央银行停止措施 , 直到全球市场转移补贴 , 直到全球市场的增长 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个snps也显示出显著的基因生成性互动 , 但他们的影响在男性或女性中都不显著 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	虽然在第二年 , 俱乐部是成功的 , 但部分原因是它的协调者和苏珊·迈克尔的能源和热情 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	jy8g.de ) 在弗兰克福的债务上 , 增加了投资者信心 , 可能在全球信贷信贷危机后返回 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd中 , 根据计算机节点请求 , 将数据重新分布到某些步骤1中的组中 , 所有组都是多个限制的 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	两个不同的法国彼得海岸 , 一个小的两个人潜水救援者 , 是科斯塔乌海洋船舱的一部分 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	普罗托·费尔恩在城镇错误的边缘 , 但仍然要穿着磨损的新看起来还有美丽的比赛鞋 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	现在投资者要求银行像雷曼和华盛顿相互提高资本或销售他们的资产来提高现金并证明他们是解决的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在2000年在民主党议会上解释了一个国家议会 ; 在2000年 , 他是党副总统提名者 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	利用bp油泄漏的砂污染实验 , 可以在第二秒内分离砂中分离水碳 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 基础上可能是在危险的条件下 , 如砂管和上升变形 , 因为在阿特兰特西亚的水泥上卸载土壤 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生在每15分钟的文本消息中发出了一个程序来告知一个已选择的朋友列表 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	将你的空间与您的窗口的运动传感器和战斗与您的可升级武器的空间海盗进行战斗 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	该方法可为其快速、简单、一定准确的铝粉末含量的测定提供一种新的方法 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	当它关闭它的目标时 , ekv将数据从xbrith上传感器和锁定到敌人导弹上 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利冲突增加了成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 但发明效益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	由于主人是电影制片人 , 他的客户是电影明星 , 歌手和名人 , 晚晚晚餐店的庆祝 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	杰西斯、脉冲器、心脏器、腰衣和类似的文章 , 编织或编织 , 丝绸或丝绸废料 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	结合:任何在分子、离子、水晶、金属和其他稳定物种的相互作用 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另外一个是loblollypine 。 风力破坏不仅能保护风土地和作物来自风中 , 还可以被砍下来 , 用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个完全背后 , 约翰·弗拉根和杰克·罗宾逊昨天是最好的 , 反对沃尔科特和萨米尔·纳斯里 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	研究了糖尿病、红细胞、细胞水平及抗异常技术等因素 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	美学追求与各种各样的新闻作品有关 ; 作家编辑新闻也是美学追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	南宁地区的六个县和城市 , 位于广西南部喀斯特地区 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	其特点是:严重的条件、快速变化、易震、易误诊、困难管理、并发症和高死亡率等 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 爱因尼亚总理安德鲁斯在他办公室见面访中国外交部长李赵兴 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹承诺实施全面和平协议 , 并在苏丹南部自由和公平的苏丹举行推荐 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种交通车辆悬挂系统的组成部分 , 特别是一个悬挂钢套 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了让小山作为我们的国家制鞋基地 , 我们需要做下列:一个 , 识别开发和创新的命令高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	最近 , 荧光化学的提高使得它能够使用更高浓度的氟化学物 , 没有引起医疗并发症 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	高灵敏度家庭历史和个人历史的儿童更有可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及利用新型有限色谱介质纯化和制备cobra神经毒素的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitel光干涉仪增加了肖像测量范围 , 其测量精度达到纳米水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省劳动保证大厅地步行者张德瑜瑜瑜 , 办公生长joxuebai , 做出重要演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	抓住各种各样的历史准确的武器 , 包括机枪 , 巴佐卡斯 , 超级骑士和火焰喷射器 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文对含有多羧基团的水溶性硫黑染料染色和完成性能进行了研究 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	给出了一种具有厚壁层的阳极氧化铝膜的制备方法 , 属于材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	序列和并行执行之间选择的理想阈值是协调并行任务的一个功能 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区的微观特征无显著差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面部问题是人体脾脏问题的反映 , 只有内部和外部治疗才能迅速解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是最优势和临床价值的诊断早期肾病变坝化的设备 , 具有巨大的市场需求 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	2004年 , 李霍姆再次获得了 " 最佳生产商 " 和 " 最佳男性音乐家 " 于2006年由黄金梅洛迪奖委员会颁奖 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个电子商务店前面应用程序、社区网站、门户网站、样本报告以及项目时间追踪应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度多个版本上添加了14至21个新秀 , 与其第一周的电影相比 , 150个附加的展览 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和持有者 , 礼品 , 陶瓷瓶 , 叶子和糖糖糖罐 , 固定表 , 面板 , 蜡烛持有者 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他打开鼓 , 发言人 , 把牛肉拿起来 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 然后用好的措施来做自己 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	莱维特说: " 虽然他是个人负责进一步的职业生涯的责任 。 "
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	阿蒂拉 , 亨斯王和西欧大部分的拉瓦格 , 死于一个不太死亡的死亡 , 人们希望从这样的激烈战士中获得了什么样的死亡 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	视频共享能力 , 你可以看到其他人 " with " 的视频 , 虽然你的互动限制在视频之外的一个充满魅力 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	它提高了xerosis的一些主观症状 , 临床xereric严重分数和dermoscopic表现 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	抬起离合板 , 很快就开始抬起来 , 当离合压力板逐渐与一半联系时 , 它开始慢下降 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底层改革不能抵制 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免面对 , 这样它就会传播出来像一个不可阻挡的浆果 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	艾米斯花了电影的其他部分来获得他的收入 , 让他逃离 , 把他的小女儿从她的新朋友回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则分配的值是应该预先在测试1中分配到一个机器的测试中 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几周后 , 我们得到了几句话 , 克里人希望我在约会上讲话 , 尽管它还没有清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果也可用于解决西北干旱地区的其他盐问题和地球遗传问题的参考 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	水晶化合物 , c6h12n3ps , 含硫类似tepa的硫化物 , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	介绍了热耦合温度计的基本原理和热量计的类型 , 提出了一种制作热耦合温度计的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥正在中海岸 , 位于意大利边境附近的18公里东 , 法国周围 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有人会改变世界 , 但是把这些条约约约约束qaida的招聘池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周中午 , 富爸停下来 , 我们听到卡车停在停车场里 , 发动机被转了 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	该增加电压主要是电力线频率 , 其对电压计读取的影响将依赖于正模拒绝能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南湾湾贸易有限公司是一家公司主要从事优良的葡萄酒、进口的葡萄酒、烟草、著名茶和烟草 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	试图让房间在任何床面都反映在餐桌上的镜子里 , 以便收到 " 双重财富 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当骆驼完成了喝完的时候 , 男人拿出了一枚金鼻子 , 重量一下牛肉和两只黄金手镯重量十公斤 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆的前学教师为例 , 通过问卷调查工作负担和影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类可能像清单1中的同步遇到的例子一样 , 但相似性只是超级 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另外一个风险是 , 个人和商业帐户将会混合 , 因为他们和羞辱者一样 , 现在正在冒着他们的银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能导致一个定居爱者使用非常长的钓鱼杆来捕鱼 , 而且也可以减少或设置 , 方便地扔鱼钩 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 一些燃烧机性能较差的燃烧机械喷雾喷雾喷嘴能得到更稳定的燃烧 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这导致该服务生成的schema定义和soap消息是中性的 , 并遵循wsi基本的文件 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建您最喜欢的集合 , 经常使用snippet , 确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们在一个小时的基础上提供更新以保持我们的用户信息的情况 , 直到今天才解决了4pmpdt之前 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 膝盖外科医生仍然是一个挑战的问题 , 重建受伤或被切除的menicus的功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些在政治权拒绝纽约时报报的任何东西 , 不批评地相信福克斯新闻提供的任何东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管特朗普的爱与中国的关系 , 他的中国球迷相信他是一个能使美国成为世界 , 甚至世界也是伟大的 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	与此同样 , 中国政府计划改善基础设施大量的重型设备制造商如卡特帕尔.inc这样的基础设施 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当谷物是地面的时候 , 或者叶子被烹饪 , 它们变得更可消化 , 允许更多营养成分被身体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找一个机会 , 让他的团队接近一个大城市学校的艰难足球场 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上周 , 一些主要银行包括ubs降低了他们对中国的增长预测 , 大多是因为出口会逐渐衰退 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热负荷集中在吸收时间间盘的外循环可能导致锥形变形的形式 , 盘状的波动可能会产生 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依赖系统中的多样文档滤波器 , 可能需要添加一个检查来看请求文档是否是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数50 , 000个应用程序都是用基于android的平板运行的手机编写的手机 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 深入地分析作者的每个作者的作品 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室是用黄自行车锁定的 , 可以在仓库里看到的渔业价格玩具箱 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	针对生理信息融合的多维性和非线性特点 , 本文利用svm建立医学建模 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	1934年6月16日伦敦 , 伦敦 , 美国网球玩家海伦·杰科布斯和沃特曼杯一起参加了英国杯 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党 , 布特托的党长表示 , 联合国调查到她死亡的唯一途径是获得真理的唯一 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	行业集群作为企业和市场干预的行业机构 , 促进行业集群 , 促进地区经济发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸还呼吁维多利亚 , 允许在任何决定结婚之前试图与男朋友合作日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 尽管这些成功仍然是非常关注的 , 但是他们背后的原因还是非常关心的 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将有丰富的增长 , " cinic说 , 陪同其报告的发布 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个哈勃的空间望远镜显示了 " 猫的眼睛nebula " 是世界上最复杂的 " 星球星云 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管道系统 , 玻璃加强塑料组件 , 试验方法证明了螺栓式联合设计 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪斯尼执行官表示 , 如果他们在中国成功的努力 , 他们将在世界各地其他国家的英语学校举行 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	随着我们世界各地的所有这些美丽的地方 , 我们失去选择 , 唯一的办法决定去访问的地方就是跟着心 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	索韦托居民 , 或者在南非其他城市地区 , 很可能在富国同样地区引起外国人注目 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位guuguyimithirr发言人被电影告诉他的朋友们在他的年轻时 , 他在鲨鱼感兴趣的水中捕捉了他的故事 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	有限数据显示 , ms0和tsr在平均的1:0.93的关系上 , 这是ms0的值大于tsr 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	这样的轻笑和吸烟的性游戏现在都得到了一切黑暗和有趣的感觉 , 更有创造力的家伙 , 更有创造力 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqae和qam决定是否需要额外的行动 , 并实施此行动 , 以确保计划审计作为标准 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	它还可以保护由ct二次负荷变化导致的磁性约束条的磁性约束 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 在稳态铸造过程中 , ulc板的清洁程度适应两种生产技术的清洁程度大致一致 ;
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可交付的是一种可测、验证的工作产品 , 如规范、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联合国士兵承诺不再战斗 。 回到这项承诺 , 他们被释放在巡逻上 , 送回家庭 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	卡特帕尔斯斯从身体的后端移动 , 直到达到头部 , 推动它 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有来自多斯托夫斯基的故事的灰色mossaics描述场景 , 这是特别黑暗和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可阻挡的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中会更加有利 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过迫使他们回顾他的离职 , 诺佐先生可能会帮助最后一次改革:更多透明度和会计性 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 。 我们有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特皮尔 , 丹尼斯·伯格坎普 , 詹姆斯莱曼 , 现在又有更厚的 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们互相冲动 , 斯托达德博士在汤普逊的耳朵里跳跃 , " 谢谢汤普森先生相信 。 "
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	过度调度、压力或担心孩子经常睡眠不到应该睡眠 , 而睡眠剥夺也有严重的结果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 他购买了印度安那农民社区的土地 , 它吸引了农民 , 阿蒂冈和知识分子 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过对提高管理和错误管理的结合 , 名人安妮·莱博维茨发现自己在债务中获得了2400万美元 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈文浩先生需要一个统一的思想 , 以保证各种工作的完整实现和会议的成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	最近 , 早期人类的发现仍然存在于中国和西班牙 , 对于非洲的理论来说 , 但没有人类确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他写了一篇《圣殿里的小孩》 , 描述了他的生命和学习 , 当时他年轻时 , 他写了 " 一个小孩 " 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	在一代有关法律规定的报告中 , 给定的法官的报道取得了相当多的全身性 , 然后从当前的角度重新启动法律的全身性 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但是他决定采取笔 , 抓笔 , 继续写作 , 每句话 , 他需要支付普通人不能想象艰难的工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	进口税率的 " 进口税率 " 是旅客和个人邮政公园的一部分和范围 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 这个城市和某些视觉私人开发人员开始试图改变商业空间 , 将商业空间转化为左侧公寓 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主机家庭明确了解时间/地产/地产/帐户先进 , 然后在旅行或停留时得到同意 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	然而 , 在前苏联有很多平坦的建筑 , 在那里有公共厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	第二 , 有一些糖尿病患者可以从阿富汗获益 , 第三 , 阿富汗患者可能希望保持药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	王后来承认假设数据 , 使论文看起来更好 , 但声称一名同事把他看成是真正的细胞线 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	还可以确保您的应用程序后端与您的通常特权运行 , 因此您不必让关键文件世界可编写 , 这是一个大增加 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	凤凰太阳首席执行官rickwelts , 长期nba执行官 , 告诉纽约时报他是同性恋的 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	联合国俱乐部的运营基金由参与者收集资金 , 权威提供地方和体育设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	它是由莱德斯大学的英勇溃疡学校简单地恢复的报道 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王bhumibol的死亡意味着伊丽莎白二世成为世界上最长的生活君主 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四十四条建设企业合同工作 , 应当申请此类资格规定 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	文章结合大地区精神病原体培养 , 成功预测精神素a培养的全面前景 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 闻到竹心深处 , 优雅 , 精炼 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	作者分析了kellog氨基转化器催化剂的毒性原因 , 提出了防毒催化剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	采用双伏因系数法对六种量子特性的遗传效应进行了不完全的二极管交叉试验 , 研究了六种不同量子特性的遗传作用 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到纯粹的时候 , 却发现上帝只有我在债务中有2个人 , 没有看到福恩的图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种好办法 , 包括swot分析 , 评估你的市场 , 开发你的组织身份或简单的预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	走到古兰维拉酒店 , 还在古阳玉 , 你会看到三个相互看着海鲜餐厅 , 彼此 , 旁边看着海鲜餐厅 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一套自动化机械装置 , 一种自动调节可移动旋转 , 背冲缓冲和升压阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文利用简单的缓存形式 , 给出了两种不同功能的条件极端的建议 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择147个私营企业作为样本 , 通过因素分析和获得7个共同因素分析了21个内部影响因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了乙醇连续生产的丙烯醇和聚乙烯醇的活性 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	因此 , 各种不良后果 , 包括不良性能、大规模的系统支持、可管理性和增加失败的奇怪 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种利用feedforward多类神经网络实时语言质量评价的新方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待9个城市的过程中 , 9个城市必须失去一年的幸运预测 , 这是一个球员和收入 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血浆内皮素和肾氧化氮的变化与必要高血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 戴和金正看了戏剧的辩论 , " 红楼梦想 " , 沿着dprk人们从生活的各行走中走出来 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同缝隙固定的不同缝合固定性 , 评价适当的缝合数字在临床重建中的作用 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	在设计拱管时 , 必须计算拱管的负载情况 , 主要讨论了拱管的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁共振胆道梗阻的诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为 , 这大部分是因为男性皮肤厚 , 这种皮肤隐藏了造成细胞的脂肪细胞的外观 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈到谁会从课程中获益 , 以及一些关于详细的主题的一些问题 , 我们会在本学期的课程中掩盖 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸迅速 ? 你的脉动比赛 ? 你的手在颤抖 ? 这些感觉阻止了几年来的生命 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	在霍格霍克莱拉·拉伯达型牛仔疫苗生产过程中 , 疫苗的病毒并未获得它的标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	通过强有机酸 , 介绍了氯化合物的活性氯原子 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我公司的产品很好 , 产品在世界上销售得很好 , 比如:东亚 , 我们在世界上拥有大量的成本 , 日本 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是影响农作物生长的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和荒漠化的自然生态环境 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	据报道 , 这名叫解释他们的动机市长承认在城市西瓦里犯罪事件的媒体报告 , 他正在平衡报道 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了中性硅密封剂的制造原理、性能、影响因素和使用 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五间卧室 , 现代家庭超过1500米的广场和完整的重新设计家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个真诚的和迫切的问题 , 人们是中年人 , 他不想浪费时间 , 而且你知道他应该怎么做 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语习惯成为美学的主题 , 对于出生吸引力、呼吸力和社会性来说 , 英语习惯成为审美价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存行setimpl实现可滚动 , 允许您滚动后面和前面的记录表示的行集 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 随着我们本周的特殊报告显示 , 德国、欧洲最大的经济成就 , 告诉一个相当不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	呼吁api使用http请求的形式 , 以建立的服务入口url , 包括xml数据的细节 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持主要和中学 。 除了英语和马来文化的主题外 , 中国的学生们都被教 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件 , xls扩展表 , 或者动态web页面 , 实际上没有打开一个ide并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 在不同民主特征下 , 性选择性吸收的影响逐渐增加 , 不同民主特征的肥胖女性不均衡 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育核心是培训获得创造力的学生 , 关键在于教师指导和学生的参与 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾范佩西的新合同在阿森纳温格的议程上 , 但他不想成为一个月来成为媒体肥胖的问题 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个</p><<p>儿子主持人威胁陈玉 , 陈玉最终不敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我做了我的家庭工作 , 当计划到陌生人看的时候 , 我知道 , 用照相机上建立的好照片很难 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	瓶颈炎和哮喘可以引起叶子和失去年轻生长的旋转 , 通常在灌溉期间停止地面或喷溅 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普遍条件包括人类思想质量和道德质量、科学在文化、劳动技能等 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟表达这一点 , 中心真的吹进了计划长期 , 面临的最关键问题是广告承认程度 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以向我们返回的订单 , 尽管客户将按照每公顷的租赁费用 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	除非mofcom所接受的价格不应该采取或接受 , 否则除非mofcom已经做出了一个初步的确定性的阻塞和损伤的决定 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果纯甜potato含有氰胺、三苯胺、马尔维因、肽和甲基甲基酸 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	要了解不同类型的吸烟木 , 为了制造酒吧砖块 , 了解更多关于bbq锅炉和火坑在这个自由烹饪视频 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳能替代方向 , 目标 , 地理长期 , 纬度 , 替代方向 , 云盖 , 大气透明 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴刚曾经说 , 碗形式会帮助观众集中在容器底部 , 集成人们和结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比美国最南部最南端的玻璃海洋更远 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统巴拉克奥巴马在今天的大部分时间和公众出现 , 改革全国健康保健体系 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	测定了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和灰的成分 , 测定了铁棒yam和泡沫的营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我读到这个消息时 , 我是一个完全震惊的时候 , 然后我回来 , 昨天晚上 , 他看起来就像昨天那样有些显示 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为一个特色的城市 , 资源城市已经在建设整个工业和国家经济体系中取得了巨大的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了当地硫回收过程的基本原理、过程流程、技术特点及工程实例及其在我国应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果您使用了railsactsasauthentication , 那么您知道一个logedin用户将设置与会话内的用户关联的值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	迪恩斯坦解释道 , 即使在睡眠过程中 , 在典型的大脑中 , 即使在某些模式中仍然存在着神经活动 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一个可移动的观测塔 , 可以用来直接导致火箭和火箭的位置 , 而坦克正在倒塌的位置 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种设施 , 如污水处理厂 , 鼓励科学家工作 , 更好地减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	尽管他们风险很高 , 但中国的声音在网络上表示 , 公众的意见已经准备好了一些更复杂的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	纽兰拱手 , 看着他的酒店窗户在巴黎街道的国家高兴 , 感觉到他的心跳与青年的混乱和渴望 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	本:是的 。 很多人住在那天晚上 , 在电视上 , 我看到人们走在长城的街上 , 激动了国家旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 徐志和志明也试图帮助赫敏 , 负责推动整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然配套的身体也会引起更小的或更重的稳定 , 但小的调整可以提供更多平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	显然 , 不同的管理水平 , 无论海岸基础还是在海上 , 都需要不同的知识和意识 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	政府允许萨里亚法律在今年早些时候被武装极端分子抑制两年的攻击 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 他补充了这部电影的英语替代品 , 虽然7只显示了它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	据戴利说 , 一位苹果代表在电话发言人告诉他 , 由于它的 " 政治收费 " 自然 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	建立一套科学综合考试体系 , 进一步实施后科研教育的科学依据 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	也许最重要的是 , cd19l甚至杀死了那些高度抗化疗药物和辐射的白血病细胞 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	该系统将允许战士使用手持电脑 , 请求充分的感兴趣视频 , 如怀疑敌人位置或敌人领域 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最著名和最宽阔的美国主义 , 使用和认识甚至很难认识到另一句英语的人 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织保持周明阳在交通政策的结束时 , 为了方便生活 , 她将回到中国东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	新娘是男性的完美浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了对泥泞性的美德 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的课程中 , 几周里 , 告诉我们完全得到了充分的证明 , 到了一个星期天早上去教会 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	该方法使用纤维素凝胶来支持大鼠心脏细胞 , 在纤维蛋白突破之前 , 将细胞组织成组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论建筑能源节能和点的窗口在目前最好的地方发挥重要作用 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们的年龄 , 突变的数量开始扩展系统的修复能力 , 米托克纳德里亚开始了恶性功能和死亡 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一个独立的全球菌种研究 , 看起来像微微透明昆虫 , 从7 , 000到14 , 000 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的商业是非常强烈的 ! 在试图出售后 , 看看我们的上线如何有这样的时间 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血是人类语言的重要生命 , 在人类语言中 , 血液的丰富 , 如能量、情感、艰难等等 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格上了 , 谨慎地把妻子拿起来 , 所以不要打破贝特哈 , 因为他已经付了一个圆满的总结 , 他亲吻了她的嘴唇 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	国家石油威尔瓦尔科开发了下一代的项目 , 将培训和发展高潜在的大学毕业生为未来的领导地位 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 携带乘客和货物 , 是铁路轨道的主要任务 , 随着社会的发展 , 铁路的发展使得更高和更高的铁路需求 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持希望她丈夫很重要的事情:静脉从他的衬衫里取出来 , 枕头从他的身体里取出来 , 他的霍琳昂球 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文介绍了世界铀资源、其在一些国家的分布和变化 , 通过2006年出版的红书的信息 , 介绍了世界铀资源 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华尔宁波计划在专业、动物和消费市场开发国内市场 , 我们希望更多的人加入我们 , 明天我们将会更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	周五 , 一份独立的报告显示 , 消费者信贷增长在11月的第二个月后 , 下滑20个月后 , 这可能会使消费者获得良好的支出 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者的cgmsi和csi可获得有关血糖漂移的价值信息 , 并提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiphop社区已经从普通音乐集团获得了股权投资 , 并未公开投资的财务细节 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但是城市规划者 , 热心地试图将资本转变为现代、高效和科莫普利亚城市 , 已经把大多数人带到历史上 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	字母:pages像posts , 但是 " 正常博客技术 " 之外 , 当你提醒访问管理页面子panel时 , 生活在正常的博客中 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国婴儿有效早期学习计划是评价制定和教育过程结合的一个完美和多个评价体系 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	提高了tpp的压缩强度和rpuf模块的压缩强度 , 提高了耦合剂的兼容性提高 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了日本建筑师肯哥卡马亚设计的 " 竹墙 " , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 执行一个立即模式比注册3 , 并存储数据的结果 , qi$4 , qi$4 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	周日 , 观察家声称 " 茶党在联邦开支规模上升 , 尤其是在破产银行 " 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 到了90年代末 , 许可证样本已经变得如此昂贵 , 许多拉普尔人开始创建背景跟踪和声音来自sratch 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	如果早期检测到的5年生存率大约98% , 但在先进阶段检测到的时候 , 黑素瘤的存活率低于15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但是在几年来 , 加拉德里尔的过去后 , 出生了几年的庆祝 , 他的皇家的婚礼 , 和埃伦的儿子一起去 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日晚 , 智利总统与外交部长唐在智利参加东亚奥运会 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在手套的背面上 , 数百只rinsestone单独缝纫 , 这只手套是流行历史的重要组成部分 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 中国的销售额正在增加基于破坏的公司 , 而这些合作伙伴关系在美国销售的时候 , 美国的销售比斯蒂拉更少 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评的有机形式包括 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机整体 " 和 " 相反的统一 " 三个概念 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下面命令将创建 , 在体积组测试中 , jfs2文件系统使用安装点/fs2 , 只读取允许 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨白蛋白6和白蛋白18水平在血清和风湿性关节炎综合鉴别中的关系 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	马鞍山钢铁和钢铁生产的现行运行状况和问题 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线继承 , 等性别之间的继承 , 建立个性产权的基本内容已成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱的完美状态是单独独独独独独的 , 就像加兰花传递的花字一样:在夏天保持记忆 。
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	华蒂盆地位于中国南部吉林省 , 是一个半格拉伯盆地 , 位于邓华南断裂北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	本单元具有两个128加仑混合罐 , 一个30加仑持有hopper和一个flang的进入式腔槽泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理多元主义 " 经常表现出民主文化的特点 , 但现代主流思想是经济主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种基于更新大气分散算法和相邻方法的化学评价模型 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的分配需要仔细考虑 , 但是如果做到恰当的通货膨胀不再会成为关注的问题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作计划 , 采用ct和超声图对车辆检查表进行ct和超声图的指导 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	所以当然知道 , 耶稣必死于剑 , 由饥荒而死 , 在祭司里 , 你愿意去和享受的地方 , 必要去 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的集成模拟器 , 包括一个延迟锁定循环 , 同步到参考钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸称 , hkma将通过交易基金 , 投资汽车hkma管理 , 增加两个欧洲资本暴露 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股票最近收盘压力增加了家庭预算的压力 , 标准普尔500指数今年7月下跌了约4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他再度限制了非政府组织的限制 , 这些机构在海外运营并接受美国纳税人从执行出租的资金 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊情况防止这个问题 , 它可能会与国务院证券委员会批准安装 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	一般相对性 , 时间被认为是高度、宽度和深度等维度 , 创建一个叫做空时的四维宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	很少有人习惯 , 因此早些时候 , 由于他们的灵魂很难检查自己的心 , 比写回报更困难 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统罗戈的发言人说 , 尽管他在办公室里继续诊断淋巴癌 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	允许持有人应该确保项目按照eia报告所包含的信息和建设和操作 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型的时间越长 , 消失了自然缓慢 , 如果有重复的rash , 可以显示不断类似蛇类 , 安装很多形状 , 更加安装 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , 牛牛加入了emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家签署的国际经典音乐品牌 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是在我的经验中 , 基于uml语言的基本语言超过了文档大多数软件密集性系统的基本要素 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我想如果我在夜晚做一些航空运动 , 它可以帮助我在15am期间提高能源水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从ae治疗的第一天 , 小鼠pmn的化学物质开始降低 , 大剂量的剂量组的作用比小剂量组更大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	在芝加哥会议上 , 最近从西门子网站消失了 , 从来没有讨论机器使用的具体地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 利用一变线性回归数学模型预测火灾传播 , 监督火灾防御 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法对245名自我评价学生进行自我评价抑郁规模、自我评价焦虑规模和自我制度问卷评价 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	劳里亚先生告诉法庭说 , 我们不应该通过这个过程来贡献更多的努力 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	这位celegians是一种智能科学家 , 出现为浮动大脑训练一群怀孕的牙齿 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司的新飞机需求将在未来20年内增加五倍 , 需要超过2 , 000辆附加飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看见神的惊奇作品 , 听到了从新加尼的神的雷声声 , 他们就像正确的恐惧一样 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地区 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 一个阶段被称为保护老师教育的阶段 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当爱登出生时 , 他被给予抗生素清除肺脏过多流体 , 尼古医生建议我们允许它 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微气氛从约翰尼·沃克尔瓶子里出发 , 鼓励我想象力从它的褐色中出现 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一条小树的时候 , 他们听到了他们的头顶和路边的一只可怕的小草子里的一只大草子 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外 , 还有一些疾病每天吸烟10多个或酒精 , 生殖炎症也不能用药物吸收 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预览1 , 今天为下载的下载提供的第一步是本地html5支持的第一步 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革的培训应该结合以后的培训培训 , 以便学生可以提高思考总体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有耐腐性、耐热性、耐磨性、无磨性、绝缘性等优良的耐腐蚀性能 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	该控制器已用于纺织染料机械多功能电驱动同步控制系统 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论5种杀虫剂量可用于我国cx.pipipienspallans的耐药检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	对于大多数来说 , 这个目标是在夜之前吞下所有的葡萄 , 但乌维人坚持在13-3的葡萄上进行良好的措施 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	采用短代码进行同步信息 , 克服了快速存储的相关代码传输困难 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是导致服务方向和服务面向的技术架构之间的关系和区别的必要性 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件传递到 , 使得难以回溯到原始的问题来源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是新兴的mbasedsdn和adsl的出现 , 短期不对称数字订阅循环的形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组装水管细胞是可行的 , 应该在水采集和节水灌溉工程中流行的技术可行性 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 尽管如此 , 某些类型的学校积极寻找沃尔多夫毕业生作为潜在的学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	本周 , 21个国家的高级官员在海威夷举行会议 , 亚太太平洋经济合作论坛apec年度峰会 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	文章还讨论了城市循环路建设的功能、阶段执行的必要性及环境路的站点 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多用途组合推广可以结合栽培和松开 , 实现空实体共存培养方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	孙erniangs强烈推荐的shinaian , 揭示了他在男女和女性之间的平等观念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	一些本能开始了他们 , 他们把他们的背部转到火车上 , 开始从草地上跳出来 , 他们的运动就像任何球员那样优雅 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	pyridoxine:在双盲、交叉研究中 , 发现比甲基酚的治疗一组高活性儿童更有效 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国商业中扮演了重要作用 , 进一步 , 它对国家经济产生了巨大的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您的收藏和保持文东的作品和收藏卡 , 你的收藏行为也将成为作品的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每天每天看到他们平均的性经验从2.7到4.5个月增加到了2.7 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江川地区长4+5油气勘探潜力良好 , 具有良好的油气勘探潜力 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	研究将探讨大蒜胶囊是否能破坏病原假单胞的通信系统 , 以防止疾病持有 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于亚层储层特殊的地质特征 , 注入化学代理的一般方法不适合亚层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	玛丽说: " 我不会说我们看起来是怎么样的 , " 她说 , " 你不必被害怕 , " 我总是记得那 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	据说 , 这种革命可能会被背叛或劫持 , 硬线人和ocrat一定会在今天结束的结束时预防使用 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	尽管iq和个性测试可能不会对fefechner的想法有很多直接的关系 , 但是他们的精神是相同的:测量 , 量 , 来量化 , 以了解其间的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	但是 , 沙盒拥有墙壁 , 如今魏博并没有与外界玩得很多 , 而且对一个严格的监控和审查政权的主题 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	嗯 , 这是一个非常大型的电话 , 如果你看完整的日子 , 找到一个正面的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobraddock意识到在线订购杂货的最大障碍之一是消费者不能检查和触摸可持续的食物 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每个患者治疗 , 首行药物预算有相当的变化 , 总数ntp预算和每年的总成本每年都有一定的变化 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 通过发明一种复合压力 , 具有摩擦压力和液压压力的优势 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	这被认为是印度议会争论 " 人口稳定 " 的标志 , 这个月大部分忽视这个问题 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究格里菲斯大学视觉媒体的研究 , 为格里菲斯的经验提供一些有趣的和有益的观察 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	站在斯科尔板上 , 几乎所有的人都离开了站台 , 哈克很感兴奋地走出了体育场 , 然后在停车场上得到了很多车 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	尽管目前的数字可能会建议一个步骤 , 但分析人员说 , 他们并不是中国贸易的一个定义指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译编辑在点上 , " 引用了一个关于sina.com翻译的帖子 , 一个流行的web门户 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	我们分析了反垄断机构的四大主要模式 , 指出有效电力对抗垄断权威非常重要 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗跟踪 , 但是当他或她看作是否缺乏获利的手段 , " lucnoel博士补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	另外 , 花园绘图、农田、住宅和工业土地将获得其峰值 , 然后降低稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbc报道 , 7月24日 , 德国杜伊斯堡西部的迪斯堡市 , 至少有19人死于爱演乐节 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象能让我们任何东西 , 即使是一位爱尔西亚综合征导致没有过度行动 , 文学可以让我们任何东西 , 把我们放在任何地方 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成之后 , 他把旗子拿出来 , 很高兴地把嘴巴擦去 , 一些圣威尔的汉语像14岁 , 几乎比25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年 , 位于太平洋的西部一城市 , 成立于1537年 , 是秘鲁最大的港口 。 人口264 , 133 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人做过融合 , 我发现这座考古的超级城市很难让人觉得没有一个老模糊的mosque更糟糕 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经历一个困难的时候 , 试图学习一个外语 , 同时适应一个完全不同的文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个人在森林里打了一只狐狸 , 终于失去了自己 。 他在暗暗的时候 , 他遇到了一只白发的老妇女 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	环形的岛屿 , 附近一个中央拉戈隆 , 是地球上最大的大链 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	羽毛覆盖了鸟的身体 , 紧密关闭的葡萄酒产生了翅膀和尾巴的气动力学表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	当与异构系统之间协调时 , 通常需要将一个业务对象映射到另一个业务对象 , 甚至作为正常业务逻辑的一部分 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	但是 , 有时候 , 疲劳从低铁店走出来 , 尤其是在20年代和30岁的女性中 , 他们不吃很多肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 该设计合理 , 运动可靠 , 由于这些硬化链链的性能达到了世界上高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了减少沿海鸟的栖息压力 , 需要在核心区边建立水牛池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	infoq:看起来 , 您的希望看到视频编码会更接近于google宣布他们正在下降h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	麦当娜 , 切里·布莱尔和贝克汉姆斯都搬到了沉默的南米尼斯 , 威胁在他们的国内生活上升起来 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	装备一个夜晚vfr航天系统 , 适合在夜晚的夜晚 , 或是装备来自夜晚的vfr航天器 , 还可以很容易地回到您的秘密目的地 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	酒吧和咖啡馆里装满了桌子 , 家庭在晚上停下来 , 或乘客 , 为一杯葡萄酒 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	根据陈熙的高级顾问陈晓说 , 在赵普林.com公司离开员工 , 不能在经济衰退中产生利润 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界上最大的矿业公司的发言人rubanyogajahp说: " 我们不需要从欧盟获得批准 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市指数 , 承担房价和低通货膨胀 , 当然对银行家来说 , 借贷者的夸张感受更多 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是老师职业生涯发展的重要基础 , 在老师的常规工作中扮演不可替代的一部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	还有打击其他运动员 , 20岁的年轻人就完成了 , 比如把罗恩、纳塔利·波特里·波曼和萨尔玛·哈伊克等 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们得到有意义的结果 , 我们也证明网格指数实际上是在稍后一节解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	比如 , 在短期市场峰值上 , 许多人指出宠物利润 , 股票明显波威也愿意防守或甚至覆盖地位 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者似乎没有被指定 , 在周一交易期间 , 他的软股价下跌了9% , 但经过几个小时后 , 股价回升了17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意到 , 阿瑟不会在达文裂缝工作 , 因为他有一个与阿莫斯·迪格里的谈话 , 他已经工作了一段时间 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公室层次不适用:管理者像法拉尔这样的经理 , 超过数百名艺术家在大片上 , 是无根的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	从现在 , 只有intelsat在空间通信中做了16qam实验 , 其16qam是由传统的方法制作的 , 其数据速度不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜疝修复是用小切口、望远镜和斑块修复腹壁固定泪水的一种技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	我父亲曾告诉我 , 这是因为他们太严重地分享他们的家庭财富或传递它 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	对于一个俄罗斯舞蹈主题的结论 , 玩家将聚氨基聚氨基聚氨基聚合在另一个清理板上 , 实现最多的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	" 您 " 的哭泣声声称 , 适用于公园的大峰 , 丰富的冰川 , 以及令人印象深刻的瀑布 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达式是真正的很重要的 , 在那时候 , 我不知道他是否是一个先行的老人拉腿 , 或者他是否真正是一个简单的ton 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案 , 直接影响建设的投资期 , 决定建设完成后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及荧光塑料衬底制造和应用技术 , 尤其是一种荧光塑料衬底产品及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:探讨板层生长因子对不同根表面附着和增殖的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	平壤 , 革命的首府平壤被破坏 , 社会主义公平主义公平的每一个地方都不会折叠 , 以改变国家的看法 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温显微镜和xrd对含硫硫酸盐水泥克隆器的闭合过程进行了研究 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变长指令、多个地址格式 , 只包含一小批通用注册器 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	实际上 , 很多人都没有与课堂的内容做到 , 因为我们正在教过 , 米歇根大学的任何一所热学生都会学习 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自1979年中国重新恢复了金融信任业务 , 信任产业经历了六大改善和改革 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察颈动脉悬浮液对儿童哮喘的治疗效果 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南uts和联邦政府所确认的所有bp错误 , 并且大多数人对皇家支付没有影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	在逃离婚姻之后 , 她的父亲试图安排 , 她在荷兰找到幸福 , 但失去了一位由穆斯林·齐拉多谋杀的密切朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过他们完美可见的机制 , 建立在天空飞行员原则上 , 虽然故事只有五个 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	但是 , 公司通常不给慈善带来慈善 ; 它不能为政治活动带来贡献 ; 它不应该是理想的 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	现在96岁的格兰德玛·比利利 , 借给他100美元开始他的第一个业务 , 他站在第8年级建立的火灾工作 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖食机械厂是一家专业生产自动检测机械 , 凤莞机械 , 抛光机业务 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理rafaelbenitez赞成了史蒂文·杰拉德 , 为了提高对他的婚姻背景的问题 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	cuimadam的观点非常理解 , 准确的还有一些可靠的好奇的李兴请求牡丹那么多烦恼 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了企业分配资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐明了解释和实施技术的结构 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	需要加强 " 三农 " 的支持 , 即农村经济、农村发展和农村民主的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了圆形光学长度波动的影响 , 假设是一种神经随机过程 , 对光纤环共振器进行了详细的分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文利用概率和非概率学方法组合来描述影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	采用hoil、氢阻塞硅油、六甲基硅烷、d4合成需要的氢硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨胰岛素总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的追踪元素及心肌超微结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨t抑制剂细胞功能的改变及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们一起照顾管子 , 垂直平衡的姐姐 , 一般时候 , 没有人说过挑战不要听 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	在荷兰西部和东部的战争中 , 经营 " 市场花园 " , 以及阿登兰的攻击 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章讨论辽市资本城市体系的相关问题 , 包括周城与辽京之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但是奥巴马总统的预算主任彼得·奥斯扎格说 , 共和党人只是对总统的税收建议有误解 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	因此 , 力量不必要求解释:它是盲目的:在这种缺陷的帐户中 , 内容也是有限和意外的 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她在她最喜欢的比赛中 , 穿t恤的时尚主义者的声誉 , 通过携带她个人化的vata咖啡 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本书中 , 《成功的新心理学》 , 斯坦福德心理学家卡罗·dweck给我所描述的名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称 , 为了成为人类大脑的智能 , 需要大量额外的能量和氧气 , 我们只能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月222日调查员星期五在美国银行上抓住五家美国银行 , 在预计将成为银行失败的一年里 , 预计将成为一个忙碌的年 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构预计今年全球石油需求增长400万桶 , 每天86500万桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也受到非印刷报纸读者的重视、声音和运动 , 深入了解数字新闻经验的重要性 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近的公众评论中 , 温先生承诺在中国保持外国商业信心 , 经常与国际执行官相遇更多 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果时间器在分段数据之前的数据被认可 , tcp假设分段丢失或损坏 , 然后发送重新传输 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	由于它返回了一个结果 , 纳米二分辨率是自然的 , 认为它具有相同的精度和精度限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	因此 , 通过球向前锋发布了一个成就的感觉比完成二次方程更加容易得到成就的感觉 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司的研究 , 进一步扩大了其生产能力 , 并结合年产能力达到2008年12月5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真结果表明 , 该仪器大大提高了l、c和r参数的测量精度 , 并得到了较好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入社会头 , 每个人都鼓励帮助在我们自己的校园内的社会建筑活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还证明他们可以分离整个肠道微生物群落 , 创建一个 " 个性化 " 的细菌种类图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在康复过程中 , 锁定板固定构造仍然必须保护全重轴承 , 直到联合国签字可见于放射图上 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还对迈克尔·巴莱克有很好的关心 , 但是艾森在周二在穆里尼奥举行的问题上 , 他的国家也很担心 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	法院文件简单中赢得的律师和律师的律师 , 或者写出争论 , 带着诉讼法庭的法庭 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	无论他们是否会对客户端动机进行改进 , 否则不会有意义地演化过程 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金使人更敏感的身体疼痛 , 减少社会状况排除的压力 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置缺陷位置来分离树脂沙与熔铁的接触地区 , 成功避免缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 符合zte的手机、团结、贡献、努力工作、微笑服务和客户照顾的现实 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周的事情从上改变到本周 , " 舒舒切特强调 , 解释那些实验室的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 年轻人已经进入了 , 我在银行上伸展着 , 我可以听到所有东西深刻的音乐 , 天空向我开心的星星 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场对手 , 她失去了四次的对手 , 赢得了一场比赛 , 这是一场比赛 , 这场比赛在2010年的太回来了 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	" 我一直想有一个孩子 , 但我不想试着 , 只是把它放在那里 , " 马登娜说 , " 这是那些奇怪的奇怪之一 。
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过骨颗粒中多层有机矩阵网格 , 表明矿相与有机矩阵相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例患者有虚假阳性结果 , 包括11例自治失衡 , 9例高血压 , 6例糖尿病和6例其他疾病 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另外一个故事从来没有证明帕诺迪达对希腊的利益严格是家庭的 , 而参议员对此有血垫 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了有效dmus的一些有效途径 , 为制定决策和科学管理提供了一个参考依据 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果是谷歌地图发生的 。 当公司把120kb页面大小减少到30%时 , 公司开始增加30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑毅也说服了卫报 , 要得到女孩 , 诚信和诚信 , 印象她 , 并不要用非使用 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法甚至允许您修改飞行的验证规则 , 因为所有pamaware程序都开始应用新规则 , 没有需要任何更改代码的任何变更 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但是我坐在山里 , 巴巴巴尔人仍然在他们的数千里 , 还有几个人敢敢敢于野外的行动 , 知道他们肯定会死去 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	因此 , 三季长袖在顶部和心脏器上是一种美妙的方法 , 可以掩盖上臂和上肢的手臂 , 同时也不会有一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	在介绍一些相关概念之后 , 重点讨论了广东电信工作流技术集成业务支持系统的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	尽管汤姆意识到 , 尽管在销售会议上 , 他不能与客户不合理的需求展示异常 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对派论文的一个优秀机会 , 立即攻击了他们所谓的非法干扰和他的破坏的州长 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找过渡太阳的行星与同事的技术相似 , 用月球作为镜子来看地球转移太阳 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰充满了这座建筑 , 它是一个完美的炉子 ; 门被烧了 , 地板烧了 , 木基督没有烧 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	fecdb的个人成员经常回答这个叫做武器 , 参与国有宠物驱动程序的各种建议 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 您如何准确地评估您正在为您的产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 而且不仅仅在大鼠洞里进行进一步挖掘呢 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公共演讲也有利于 , 如果他成功地获得他的观众同意 , 那是一个信心增强和拥有者 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在的地方 , 比起快速的世界更有关 , 您的工作在你的名字之后 , 你的名字并不匹配你的黑客能力 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	那句话说 , 有很多故事 , 仍然被探索 , 留下探索 。 要消除故事只是关于阿瑟斯和利奇王的故事是个很短的观点 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体制逐步建立 , 高等教育体系在改革下 , 知识经济时代正在来临 , 教育服务开放 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc已经发布的威胁应该给国际社会怀疑它在民主政府领导的准备性 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	如今 , 经过去几年来 , 人文建设监督的政策已经广泛接受了社会的明显成就 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	心理健康专业人士表示 , 大多数受抑郁症患者都不会得到适当的治疗 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	还讨论了交互式多模块方法 , 实现了统一和 " 目前 " 加速目标建模的运动模型 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:本课题的教学包括医学知识、诊断、医学技能、评价课程和评价 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	印刷行业的发展一直担心 , 如果我们可以使用密度计量和控制点颜色墨 , 或者不在考虑印刷过程控制时 , 我们就会考虑到印刷过程控制 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在杨城三宝500kvehv传输线中 , 使用固定的系列电容 , 提高了通过线传输的能量 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	卢西塔尼亚和泰坦尼常被认为是姐妹船 ; 他们实际上属于两个独立的所有者 , 但错误是可理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但是目前的h1n1流感真的很明显 , 人们已经把流感病毒传递到猪肉、土耳其和牛肉上 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	在一天的记录中 , 随着自己的愤怒者正在与格兰维尔的愤怒竞争 , 试图从前一天开始击败28只鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr , 83岁 , 现在是他的儿子的教练 , 30亿美元的慈善机构 , 比尔&melinda盖茨基金会 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	而且 , 它不仅仅是开发人员 , 因为burb对timo'reilly的开放显示 , tim提到用户开源的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	北京仍在抓住数千人死亡 , 上周地震重建后 , 中国已经把第一张蓝印刷放在地震之中 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文提出了一种新型的目标转换因子分析和光谱库搜索方法 , 利用irdata对混合材料进行定性分析 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	原因是 , 具有声结构的知识基础 , 直接影响专家系统的推理速度和有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 液化程度提高了液化温度、催化剂量和液溶剂比 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了宋华河水系统的冰性质 , 抗冰性能 , 然后研究冰断裂器的推进性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	紧张的城市 , 州和联邦科技部已经是云周围最迅速的组织 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这个卡是由一个孩子去学校项目赚钱的孩子们卖的昂贵的评价盒子而来的 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	很多小的小麦从某些乳酸细菌中吸出瑜伽 , 可以将糖转化成长淀粉类分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济时期 , 一套生产区域和住宅单位作为一个整个社区 , 建立了满足全国建设需求 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划还会见斯特恩的其他处方 , 为一个有效的绿色刺激着建筑效率和可再生能源的浓度 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 鲁迅是日本学生所要求的文本书 , 最有名的中国作家 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简要讨论了敏捷的方法学特点 , 并与传统的软件开发方法相比 , 介绍了几种敏捷的方法mo 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%的患者中患者的严重症状减少 , 囊肿显著降低或消失 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统的操作简单、快速稳定 , 维护方便 , 接口友好 , 对于其流行和应用有益 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智能分析师一致认为 , 中国进步的速度都是经济和技术的 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔法亚thalassaemia , 继承的条件 , 是世界上许多地区 , 马来利亚是内在的 , 特别是非洲和东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍主要脑系统损伤ct标志的分类 , 探讨其在诊断和预后中的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验表明 , 该模型描述了pieocamic活动器的行为是有效的 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	在gtaw联合微观结构中 , gtaw联合材料的低温冲击强度优于智能联合材料 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要在孩子和孙子周围中心你的生活 。 寻找自己的社会圈 , 这样 , 你就不会失望太多的期望 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	按照下列项目的绝对数量 , 应当根据有效对冲的部分确定有效的部分数量 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公共是建设和加强埃及政府和服务面向政府的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 要在圣地做服务 , 祭司的圣服装 , 和他的儿子的服装 , 到祭司的办公室 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验分析了硅橡胶释放剂在室温下的表面处理时间的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾性分析30例pelvic地板功能适应的生物反馈疗法和护理护理资料 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引法律 , 由清晰、纯、集中思想组成的强大意图将开始吸引你的欲望的非常本质 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	为了重建心脏三维异常图像和心肌缺血区域的心电子束ct图像 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	在前面的例子上 , 将x添加到脚本的开始 , 以及一个评论 , 并执行它 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究旨在利用饮食咖啡因消费的食品频率仪来评价咖啡因摄入与肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用程序集成带来了多个应用程序和信息源 , 没有用户直接调用它们 , 关注应用程序和数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	而且 , 这些国家认为气候变化都是贫困的:他们包括索马里 , 比利亚 , 尼日 , 埃利亚 , 阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润现在正在达到2007年的前提峰值 , 但增长和稳定市场的差异越来越大 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	此外 , fda还可以启动一个管理器回忆 , 如果机构决定成年人或错误的婴儿公式给人类健康带来的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	丹顿是一位强烈的消防队员 , 一个令人愉快的政治展示员 , 他的光泽的气候气象在thrall举行了观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行的风格界面 , 许多商业软件都被使用 , 是从一个年轻的外国手段开始的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母超化疗法是严重溃疡性结肠炎患者的安全有效的方法 , 可以改善患者的组织学 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水控制的高质量技术解决方案有关 , 从跳到混合器 , 从传输到淋浴头和溅射到淋浴头 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构 , 提出了信息树的概念 , 并提出了一种新型的电阻测量方法 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管疼痛 , 但我会努力完善我的生活 , 不会对你们的爱情感到不满意 , 但不会对你感谢 , 我玩10年的游戏让你感到不满意 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	chteauragoeringpearl是法国花园的 , 由三个兄弟goile在蚂蚁运行的著名阿里斯托拉·拉克拉奇 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建课程设计的实施和管理体系是系统地实施课程设计和培训综合适用人才的前提和保障 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	阿尔巴嫩现在将领导一个充满魅力的攻击 , 试图赢得个人机构 , 保证大多数需要批准这项协议 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在警察大学的一次演讲中 , zuma承认 , 南非在去年有1800名杀害率最高的杀害率之一 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国的警察发现 , 920 , 000个阿米特胺片在船上发现 , 中国云南省和泰国港之间的平板 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	将军队送到非洲中央 , 直到默基冲突中 , 是一个症状 , 干预主义添加者越来越糟糕 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	试验结果表明 , qh4节能的海岸设备具有显著的燃料-节省汽车和任何道路条件下的任何模型 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	对于clivus来说 , 这种方法略微明确 , 但是可以提供广泛的暴露 , 如同涉及双边矩阵异常的方法达到一个方法 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三人意识到战争对天的战争是胜利的关键 , 从而改变了他们刚性的年龄 , 自从开始开始以来 , 他们已经传播出来 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	cubic的模拟系统分部 , 基于orlando , 生产和制造业 , 包括它的现实和鲁棒的模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法的基本思路 , 提出了地面结构安排规范 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的规模远远远大 , 许多美国人认识到 , 根品牌改革并非临时修复 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅将 " 社会财富 " 更大 , 而且在合理收入分配制度的基础上 , 政府不仅将其分配为 " 社会财富 " 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	15分钟的运行时间为250分钟 , 阿帕格斯的新鲜时间达到了1824天 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	这是一个相似的塑料前面和橡胶化的薄板 , 作为79美元的非触摸模式 , 但较少的按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	因为我们的团队需要用户连接到数据库 , 并建立多个jbos容器 , 我们使用板来提高特定信息的用户 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	" 第一眼 , 这些光和粒子的相互作用看起来像魔法 , " 她说 , " 极性分子是量子光学的顶尖 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个恶魔的国王 , 克劳迪斯 , 正在为他父亲和妹妹死亡的悲伤和愤怒 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论我们可以通过观察病理大小和正确的观察 , 可以发现循环边缘渗透 , 术后应该是一个常规的检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	地面上没有一个盐浆 , 当喷射爆炸的遗留物从普城市尼福机场离开的时候 , 喷射的遗留者们就会出现一些距离 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经历了战争贫困和追求发展的相似经验 , 我们完全欣赏他们面临的艰难和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	将数据交换为客户端和服务之间的格式定义为xml在线咖啡服务的xml模式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题是 , 据报道 , 一些美国媒体指责中国黑客进入五角洲的网络 , 包含关于我们的战斗机飞机的信息 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 南非人口的平均水平只有9.2%的人定义为白色 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海桶水果富含蛋白质、脂肪和碳水化合物 , 还有各种基本维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	员工工作满意度分别可以分别解出公司转向注意力 , 工作绩效与49.38% , 58.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	欧文支付了一个表现 , 这个年轻的球员打击了职位 , 并且迫使从罗伯托abbondanzieri获得了一个优秀的救助 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	20世纪初 , 民间化的记者出现在20世纪初 , 逐渐增长 , 冲动是政治和经济体制的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双色荧光法和流动细胞法对不同布局时间、血液时间、洗涤时间进行了比较 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	命运已经让我们抢劫两个世界级的进球员 , 我们的灵感领袖jt , 通知wingerarjenroben和影响中场乔科尔 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车音频和视频、tc机、智能仪、太阳能、电力车、电力工具及军事应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	杰米·威尔森说: " 只有一半小时才能帮助别人帮助自己的生活和他们的生活 。 "
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	鉴于我们的职责保障公共卫生 , 面对这种情况的趋势官员面临着这样的局面 , 几乎总是错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在新兴市场和发展中国家的改革中工作了更多协议 , 以提高发展中国家的表现 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对怀孕妇女的影响更紧张 , 如果孕妇的死亡率更高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	有趣的一次 , 我的朋友 。 ) 一些玩笑的计划是有趣的 , 只有很多动物电影只是对一个玉米观众的呼吁 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	当我们想在斯托克霍姆大学物理学教授时 , 更多的抗议被遇到 , 然后作为董事长 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的是安全的版本 , 但是我不认为历史上有一个单个案例 , 在那里 , 炸弹威胁被称为安全的版本 , 炸弹也不会出现 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这可能意味着不同成员的间谍环境的事情 , 迈克海尔·莱贝莫诺夫说 , kgb退休的殖民地 , 还有著名的冷战间谍 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们还发现 , 男女工和女工的方法几乎没有差异 , 建议在薪水谈判中 , 职业驱动妇女只是 " 竞争性 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	丹尼罗说: " 它的软件确实有 " 北美的正确连接 " , 而我们在欧洲和亚洲拥有我们的欧洲 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	天然的陶瓷 , 如洪水、热带循环、火龙和潮潮潮在这里发生几乎每年都有悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	soap<>cobol非xml转换可以开发ibmwebspheration扩展器来执行网络处理策略内的消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	结论:nimodipine与音乐结合的形态学变化对高可旋转性icvd具有较好的恢复作用 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际的勘探方法 , 利用地震波实现的程序计算了周围岩的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	尽管这大程度上存在很多实践和政治困难 , 但利益可能超过碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 一些新的:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等 , 从传统中国的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻炼 , 润滑油泵喷雾 , 延长齿轮寿命 , 保证长期印刷铬精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	清明节 " 河景 " 的著名图片也将在中国的宫殿里展示中国古城的魅力 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受的时候 , 这个知识的结果每次都被锻炼 , 它产生的力量总是会直接向其执行 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	基督徒相信 , 终端可以理解上帝的意思 , 即使神的王国不够好 , 才能理解任何造成危害的人的意思 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高能量的风洞试验 , 研究了矩形圆形变换和前身的超声波入口 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果mutanolysin和溶解酶均能成功地躺在细菌墙上 , 并从bifidob细菌中提取出血浆 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨乙酮的疗效和安全性 , 作为对帕金森尼亚病人穿刺式电机波动的调整 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子膨胀阀流动特性 , 应适应超热增益到不同蒸发温度下的冷却流动速率 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	11岁和索洛门给赫尔姆二千个小麦作为他的家庭食物 , 除了二十万浴 , 还有压制橄榄油 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定在2001年以来在甘肃的基本教育项目运行的欧盟基本教育项目下发起很多不利的学生 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef的临床疗效和毒性作为当地早期乳腺癌治疗新型乳腺癌的临床疗效 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	为了加强组织和协调 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步加强医药行业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	喷射器可看到动画段 , 一个在印度工业颜色象征的两面 , 庆祝这个国家独立70年 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车、大型、小型货运车、箱辆、观光车 , 无论是私人汽车或公司汽车都是上海贷款 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了对触摸屏的物理变化外 , 触摸屏的技术也在移动设备上使用了一个新的软件交互 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择顶蓝莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 草莓酱 , 菠萝酱 , 芒果酱 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行的发展面临着各种挑战 , 包括纤维多样化、企业在外国和发展中国家的竞争 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	他们在氯塑膜结构、颜色蛋白质复杂、电子端口组件的含量和光合功能都很不同 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	探讨改进型tvp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 改进的融合蛋白类型tvp3对免疫系统的有效性 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了桩壁型大径直径圆曲线稳定性的影响 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	你们中有些人可能不能相信它 , 相信它 , 还有百万富翁和百万富翁之间 , 质量相对正常 , 钱意识的人 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	前军科伦奈尔在1969年在27岁的唐德时期 , 他在他的图像中完全恢复了这个国家 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	杰拉德今天拯救利物浦的德比日胜利 , 坚持红军正在减少赢得最高四场比赛的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了防止大型细胞培养、环境控制、缺血技术和材料管理的几种方法 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	左yi不知道这次危险的话题 , 这并不好 , 请求一个人与布鲁特多样的个性来出错 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	根据本土丹麦的报道 , 利物浦正在唱歌埃斯伯格年轻的尼科尔特 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	沙街南18号法国信用农业银行沙街60号 , 桑德街南部 , 角色社区是新古典作品 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	思想政治前线工作的大学咨询员是思想政治工作的基层指挥官和教育者 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct电流变压器是用来连接amter、控制电路和保护继电的仪器转换器 , 通常有5个ampere二年级 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 就离开休息了几天 , 然后在一个步骤上 , 干燥的水果肉 , 议会层和所有都是从绿色种子里扭转的 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声修正方法相比 , 在snr相对较低时 , 非线性配合中和后冲击响应功能的非线性配合更好 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	简介:小gu和母亲给母亲给她的父亲付了尊重sb , 小刚突然陷入了bug洞 , 回到10年之前 , 小刚下来了10年 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务流程优势中心可以为解决这些需要的中央存储库提供一个信息 , 并且在云中拥有它使其容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	通过实验测试 , 得出了一种降低尺度模型的表面温度分布的结果与实验测试相对一致 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	作为聚合物填充剂 , 考虑聚合物填充剂作为wllastonite利用的重要方向 , 降低聚合物产品成本 , 提高产品性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	10月两千八日 , 迈克尔·波兰在纽约时报杂志上发表的一封信给总统巴拉克奥巴马 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人 , 质量第一 " 是我们的网络 , 金泽人将继续创造竞争力产品 , 我们激动邀请您建立未来的依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:冠状折射液具有最好的抗蚀特性 , 因此在此窑中最适用的耐蚀性能最佳 , 因此它是最适合于该窑中最适用的 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 给我国市场带来机会和赌博 , 信用已经成为限制社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在斯坦多夫期间 , 六艘美国战舰围绕着种子船 , 以确保武器在挥发区域不采取其他地方 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	杂交字符显然显示出母亲异体、水果设定日期、水果尺寸和颜色如果混合人口往往跟随胎儿父母 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但是即使体重对气候变化的影响不完全回答了应该做的问题 , 这是答案的一个重要部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有新颖的结构 , 具有耐用性 , 特别适用于各种各样的货车轮胎修复 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	来自刘安亚大西部地区的大型地区 , 这些阿森是最严重的婴儿单位之一 , 可以到刘安军队 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	进一步分析了该模型的抗摩擦和噪声降噪机制 , 展示了该新概念在未来的研究方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左颈切除术治疗颈椎癌及部分颈椎切除术在上胸部的病变中表现为左颈椎切除术 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	预期增长缓慢 , 预计联邦储备的推测可能会引发另一轮的债券购买 , 试图驱动长期借贷成本下降 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了土壤水分含量及其对路堤的动力学和固定点的剪切坡在陕西省内蒙古沙漠高速公路的影响 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会表示 , 今天美国大学教师任命的六十八%的六十个百分之一都是调整的 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量计、集成传感器、转换器和集成器的集成 , 并对该点进行显示 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	光的分布表示了世界贸易中心的失去的双塔 , 它只显示了5年前9/11攻击的许多记忆之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该信任那些使坟墓错误的人 , 其态度仍然不好 ; 他们应该被剥夺当前的排名和完善的人 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制剂基因pten对人膀胱过渡癌细胞的诱导作用及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是bodoni , 它的领导人一般是pica 。 卫报的电话每天都在读者采取更多关于idyic节日点的信息 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	qcg系列常规罐管道安装泵用来处理清洁水或其他液体类似于物理和化学性能的水 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	不常规的药物 , 例如 , 引起牛肉痉挛的心脏病 , 与人类各种切割型的各种疾病有关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	通过引入减少order观察器重建外部系统状态 , 可以解决ootc法的物理实现问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	提出了一种在粗糙集理论中分离连续评价属性的方法 , 强调分类可分离性的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	航空防御系统在11月在空中中国展示了强烈的重点 , 强调出口市场的多功能武器 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔病人应该保护安静的环境法院的加工 , 可能使用垃圾分子来减少患者的痉挛、瘫痪和疼痛 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , nilmar应该作为替代 , 沃尔夫斯堡可能愿意降低他们的价格 , 减少他们的股份 , 允许罗斯尼利去污染 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动周期识别的并行混合电动车辆的自适应控制策略 , 并以电池soc为目标的平衡为目标 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	作为信任研究的多学科互动的现状 , 随着信任研究的发展 , 正在考虑其哲学维度的不断提高 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	霍萨因和他的同事们的长期研究表明 , 大坝在干旱或半干旱地区的极端沉淀模式尤其改变 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿对苏联在后院的影响时 , 美国南美政策在重大程度下降 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 两名德国代理人捕捉了两种不同的代码 , 英国情报局重复失败 , 声明的文件显示 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新的稳定添加剂 , 提高含非基本氮化合物的颜色变化和沉积形成具有良好的效果 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	2007年第三季度 , 净收入从净净收入下降到151亿美元 , 或11美元 , 或11美元 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	虽然英语最受欢迎的信 , 但它并不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时报主席阿瑟·苏尔伯格星期二拒绝评论新设备的参与 , 除了说 , 除了说 " 安装隧道 。 "
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	wfms应用范围扩展和应用程序领域 , 使工作流的动态、活力、个性成为客户的紧急需求 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指部长进入一个大源线圈 , 然后迅速从工人中间的一些脏物被用水洗去各种成分 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	麦克伦南 , 另一方面 , 她感觉更多的控制 , 并且说她喜欢她的前任工作的方面 , 尤其是 " 党 " 的机会 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	自从我们每周花了四十多小时以来 , 对于你的健康和长寿来说 , 你的工作的地方就像可能做的那样有效 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	这是在使用odbc时使用odbc的冗余实践 , 作为应用程序初始化 , odbc函数与数据库系统是安排的 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在第八年之后回到巴基斯坦 , 在卡拉奇的到达过程中幸存了自杀炸弹 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分开了糖尿病 , 给了一半的安慰剂 , 并且在血液中增加了hdl水平 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	好的 , 你可以伸展它 , 说一个工程的例子来改善人类健康 , 让他们从一个地方到另一个地方 , 但这比我要多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者周一表示 , 亚洲和欧洲的股票大幅下跌 , 道琼643.76点 , 或超过5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是我从网上找到的恒星配置图 , 您更好地做这件事 , 或者很容易结束燃烧的esc 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 佛教思想的研究比其他人更少 , 尤其是大成六星的内容和意义研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的公司规定 , 鼓励sarbanesoxley行动在美国的sarbanesoxley行动 , 以及其他措施设计清理公司的行动将是爆发 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	您可以嵌入媒体来更好地说明一个主题 , 提供关于您的信用性的信息 , 同时与其他人一起建立你的信用性 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	本文介绍了mvc2的创新思路 , 以及基于mvc2的访问控制管理系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史蒂尔继续向cnn宣布 , 林巴ug的评论是先进的 , 丑陋的 , 促使林巴对史蒂尔的能力领导党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更可能涉及城市娱乐中心 , 蒸汽黑top , 或者在公共池中喷发 , 或是火灾液压变成了喷泉 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	利用这些参考 , 我国应完成教育投资体系 , 为基本教育、加强教育机构等基本教育开发提供优先性 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它袭击了岛屿 , 杀了两名士兵和两名民兵 , 因为南方忽视警告不要在岛周围爆炸的水 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:基于整体战略实现创造性思想的能力 , 可以实现用户经验优化的最佳结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 作曲家肯诺苏克苏拉还指责在超级机器人战争中获得的武器二战 , 没有法律行动的报道 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着我国的战略和领先产业的发展 , 高科技产业吸引了很多fdi 。 逐步 , fdi成为我国高科技产业的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季度 , aol表示 , 自己的成员将36%独特的访问者组成到网站网站的网站网站 , 但产生了80%的页面观点 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但是最终我们决定跳过去 , 回到巴克港 。 沿着我们将旅行者安杰和加盟 , 还在探索这座城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	改变加利福尼亚宪法 , 禁止失败的小孩 , 直到48小时后 , 物理学家通知小孩的父母或法律卫生 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	由于非正常内皮核分裂 , 大多数胚胎在早期出产的种子的胚胎可能会发展到全球胚胎阶段 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理教育应该教育专业知识 , 使独立思维和培养生命学习习习习习习习习习习习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总战争的特点是一个崭新的发动机 , 将成为我们最新的发展的基础 , 第一次引入全面的海军战争 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生们将能够利用知识和方法 , 他们将在本课程中学习相关材料并在未来遇到法律问题时找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论在角膜上皮下的乳化满意度 , 以治疗由物理和力学因素引起的粗糙骨髓病变 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	乐观主义者shrug说 , 政治家总是在初步期间讨论流行家克拉普 , 奥巴马先生实际上承诺自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	wii的模式与其它地方的设计相同 , 更少你的头发风格选择 , 因此有限于一个颜色和三种风格选择 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本文主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律集体阻碍权利的时候 , 才能完全运动这个权利 , 才能有效地保护自己的工作权利和利益 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	同一联合国峰会上 , 奥巴马总统提出了强烈的扭转 , 但他面对国内反对 , 提出了碳削减 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿在2008年的民主提名中回到了几次 , 有时候通过声音邮件发出来 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践表明 , 希望实现、物质勘探以及今天的外部戏剧现象的揭示 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	平衡输入信号从任何真正的平衡球员都会通过完全平衡 , 直到达到平衡的头电话输出连接器 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为一个 " 伊斯纳 " , 聚集世界大权力和各种政治 , 美国认识到中亚是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	英国哥伦比亚大学的最常见的人是gregorkiczales , 目前在英国哥伦比亚大学工作的软件模块研究 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型的帮助可能会在工作、方向、交通或其他支持上完全完成工作培训 , 以保留自己或她的职业 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	有一个场景 , 为什么苏金终于去了她和永敏住的房子 , 终于把所有的东西包装起来 , 把钥匙放到邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元法对电导混凝土的外部环境影响进行了分析 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp经理说 , 他们经常听到 , " potus已经订购了这样的 , 这样说 , " potus " 正在华盛顿短缺的 " 美国总统 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2美国认识到国际机构、外国政府和其他代表员工和他们立即家庭成员的存在 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 海关签署的相关进口宣言形式应当提交任何购买外汇交易的付款 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	本文以板块和壳的经典理论为基础 , 采用两元有限反应产量条件 , 作为材料的产量标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	易晓春表示 , 中国与马来西亚和新加坡保持良好的经济贸易关系 , 三国是互相贸易伙伴的重要贸易伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	对于这一次 , 本月的列提供了一个更深入的ibm支持助理的描述 , 包括最新的特性 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1例较好的cap岩条件可以直接抑制甲烷散射和间接抑制甲烷吸附 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的图片展示了几十个学生在嘉凯运动大厅内玩坏的玩笑和玩耍 , 装备了一个空气净化系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	根据本发明的另一个实例 , 图5展示了脉冲宽度生成器的一个示例 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一条街道毁坏后 , 正是王府东部的一座传统的院院子 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国国家集团投票投票回到新西兰的各个博物馆的16个马里斯的头 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国正喜欢建立和平建设委员会更有效地协调和平、后冲突康复和发展的努力 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系的劳动关系 , 劳动法是劳动关系调整的主体 , 应该是劳动关系的特殊性 , 劳动关系狭窄 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师做到这一点 , 他们会创造一个日本产品 , " 希特奥斯基解释说 , 巴拿逊的海外运作 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	青蒿素提供了许多水果和蔬菜的黑色颜色 , 比如蓝莓和红椒 , 它们是黑米 " 黑 " 的 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站的女性网站说 , 几乎地震相关的灾难导致墙壁崩溃、飞行玻璃和降落物体 。
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部伟大分区范围的景观主要由平原和高原组成 ; 麦当尼尔在这个国家中心附近的麦当尼尔是一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的新闻 , 一个微型计算机锁住其他地板的门 , 然后设置回收容器转向右键 , 直到右键键 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	干旱对早期猪的早期水稻产生严重影响 , 其强度和时间超过了正常年型 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	大酒店拥有高级副总裁、销售和营销塔j酒店的酒店和宫殿会议的荣誉 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国很高兴宣布 , 与党的比赛比赛和球员共同达成协议 , 以及佐桑·托西和阿德姆·卢杰奇加入俱乐部 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我走过发展中国家时 , 问自己是经济多样性最大的单一解释 , 它落在这个领域 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前已完成了许多外部调整框架 , 但对于这种框架的设计方法有很少研究 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是通过气体直接燃料的气体吸收式冷却器实现冬冷却和冷却 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	我的身体位置最终结束了 , 随着网球在我的racket和脚趾之间陷入了网球 , 与你的接触点非常相似 , 实际上当于你服务的时候 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	用扫描电子显微镜对l929细胞进行了多孔壳聚糖膜和生物相容观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚大学的精神意味着不同时期不同的意义 , 但qianmu对发展中华文化的诺贵野心始终在其中获得了不同的意义 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	美国夏天解释说 , 在细胞膜中发现的脂肪酰胺是一种脂肪酰胺 , 而且它们也作为身体应力响应的信号 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司已经建立其现金水平到609亿美元 , 包括股权和其他投资3月份 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据报道 , 8月份 , 由政治家和公众关注的官方工作失业率上升到9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例手术切除指标的最后病理诊断进行比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然地理景观 , 由人类作为旅游资源开发并利用人类作为旅游资源 , 我们叫它旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角:它转变绿色 , 因为soda水含碱 。 如soda水 , 可以转变成绿色 , 被称为碱性物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着舞蹈伴侣的发展 , 社会的开放 , 永久剧院在唐代出现 , 永久剧院变得越来越频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是脚板类型结构 , 它舒适 , 方便 , 可以明显减少骑手的劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食物 , 容易充分的感觉 , 通常会见cloggy身体对护理吸收的影响 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他于9月21日逃离温州到美国 , 由于中国银行和个人债务人员留下了15亿元的债务 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心表示 , 地震震测量了3.8英里的富人尺度 , 中央约80公里的悉尼西南部 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于推出时 , 他的阻塞的铅笔和腹部组织被从身体里冲出来 , 他就死去了 , 然后他就死去了 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属框架复合主机 " 广泛应用于石油、化学、药、食品、储存和运输等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求程序tools设置的短语应该适用于标准程序的标准程序标签 , 以提供程序tools设置 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	本课程要求基本问题如何在自然量化中电荷 ? 为什么我们找不到一个孤立的磁性北极或南极 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 路易斯安那海岸的巴拉特里亚湾深水平线溢出一堆石油 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论白细胞cd18水平和mpo增加和白细胞计数在大鼠岛平面再灌注损伤中降低 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计将承诺150名法国执行一名阿富汗警察培训任务 , 进一步从中海国家来的150名法国 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持 , omc的实施是欧盟现实选择 , 尽管不足以帮助欧盟实现健康保健整的终结 , 但最终实现了自己的弱点 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文包括五章:第一章和两章介绍vor的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们的背上 , 带着有限的时间去走 , 为什么我们能看到它 , 所有神秘的神秘保存 , 从基础sila的rampartsrampartsysila 。
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	自从rgs进入10年以来 , 大约有10个高产、高质量水稻品种 , 给吉林省带来了巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类广告 , 两者都在印刷和网上 , 来看看你可以用的是什么 , 特别是邻居 , 获得最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	在最近 , 最近 , 170个座位boing727被制作在墨西哥索诺兰沙漠远程控制的方式下 , 被制造成了一个独特的航空实验室 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我告诉陪审员们 , 我们通常必须跳到每天生活中结论的自由 , 因为这项试验的目的 , 现在悬挂了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	这确实是我所描述的 , 这里是一个平衡的 , 涉及到的意义 , 它是通过parlatre来指定的 , 正如权力所指定的 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了雾成像多散射模型 , 提出了基于图像b模糊度的雾含量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	本研究认为 , 由于具有良好的育种和遗传系统的昆虫完全被认为是一种理想的模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机回到500英尺的1500英尺 , 然后修改我的空气速度 , 为了推动中心 , 我离开大约500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者不要做出冲突决定 , 比如把所有低风险的政府债券放在一分钟里 , 为了让绿色纸币价格上 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的年轻时 , 劳伦斯·凯西尼奇经常与他的父亲在政治和宗教上冲击 , 但他也承认他爸的承诺帮助贫困和家庭贫困 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果 , 大部分的性能 , 城市都可以从事实上采取心脏 , 即使有10个男子给我们一个比赛 , 直到第二个进球 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该把这些iphone类似的 , 触摸屏幕wifi手机与音乐和视频 , 真正的web浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 传感器 , 以及上面 , 应用程序存储 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果自动旋转km-5000d微机系统包括微切割系统、双电子动力设备和控制面板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方工作的印象 , 盖茨基金会决定采用她的预防模式和出口模式 , 并在12个省的主要城市复制它 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管美国错误 , 英国本月早些时候会加入ib.法国、德国和意大利 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	但另一方面 , 随着国内贸易的增加 , 多国公司带来的贸易和内部产业贸易的增加 , fdi对贸易具有积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动图表将显示投资者在购买更多微软选项时如何暴露风险变化 , 或持有较少中国股票 , 或短期油价 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和他们的病人一直担心 , 由于新英格兰医学杂志的冶金分析报告 , 罗斯塔区的心血管安全性很担心 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	一些昆虫物种 , 包括啤酒和凯蒂迪斯在攻击时积极出血 , 但采取这种极端措施的好处并不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民事应用中得到广泛应用 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 给出了石灰、石灰水泥和混凝土厚度的参考 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	能源价格周二简单 , 油价每加仑每桶134.01美元 , 汽油价格在4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	官员说 , 尽管它的所有者缺乏所有六个需要许可证 , 但它在国有矿产完全视图中运行了国家财产 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国平均人来说 , 他们希望从那些可以学到的国家找到一些东西 , 同时我们可能会被潜在的绝望或歧视我们可能得到奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州长梅德维夫人在同一年的时间里比她心中更多 , 为了回应6月第三天宣布父亲节 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	今天世界领先的国际卫生组织呼吁联合行动加快一个高效疟疾疫苗的发展和许可 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面临南面捕捉最好的观点 , 拥有超过2.5米的地形 , 以防止下面的玻璃进入房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	设计您的线程安全类 , 允许它在多线程应用程序中使用 , 作为一个非线程安全类 , 但具有更高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	1979年至1990年 , 美国的生产力在近几十年内迅速波动 。 美国的生产力逐年增长1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是研究人员建议 , 如果减弱趋势持续 , 即使在6月到9月份 , 即使在夏季季季季季季季季季季风暴中 , 可能会有更多的循环 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 文章还从研究背景和课程的基础上 , 阐述了南东省高河的再生和转变的实例 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气通过传统真空喷嘴的大面积 , 因此它的大型短缺是高压空气消耗 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	像霍伊尔先生这样的民主党人大部分谴责布什政府的赤字 , 它继承了预算过剩 , 但留下了赤字 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了在公共互联网上出现的sparql端点外 , 还有一些人出现在火墙后面 , 可以轻松地查询企业数据 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据时间报道 , 总理托尼·布莱尔的妻子切里·布莱尔在20年代中期是一名训练律师 , 她是一名画家 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	在距离战斗期间 , 战斗者从未出现形状或极大地跑出气体 , 但两者往往往会在12周围的一半左右面降落一点 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	结果可以通过数值和图形直接看到的软件 , 此外 , 工作界面很容易用于工人使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	现在可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员身份验证 , 以便使用您的管理员用户 , 留下wpserverid只用到服务器过程中 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvc类型模型作为一个例子 , 但是可以应用丰富web应用背景的基本原理来应用到任何模型和页面设计方法 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能会导致平均收入 , 同时参与持续良好 , 许多俱乐部已经冻结或减少票价 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视台上 , 一位新闻记者表示 , 副总统在历史上拥有最大的竞选活动 , 因此奥德森最喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的双向性能 , 设计了一种双向高精度高精度高温控制器 , 具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	虽然福特公司是去年美国最畅销汽车的数字之一 , 但在2010年最高的十个列表中有六个外国拥有的模式 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 一个愚蠢的卵子不开放卵子 , 然后释放卵子和卵巢 , 形成卵巢 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们只是比较其他公司一样的业务 , " 公平场 , 康罗马特最近在其网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	他面对法国的一项关于他在2003年性侵袭一名年轻小说家的调查 , 2003年他在纽约的一个民间服装 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适度是最好的 , 凝聚的风险比填充式天花板操作时的风险要低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的是 , 他和他的妻子每月收到约600元 ; 在忙碌的时候 , 当生产跑到2点 , 他们可以回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和鼓励下扔几句话 , 信心 , 爱 , 妥协 , 除非你在他们身上行动 , 否则这只是词 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论到了一天 , 尼日利亚男子被逮捕在北航空公司的一个小爆炸 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队试图在过去的许多 " 偶像 " 风格选择展示 , " 金先前为他的2007年展示了 " 我英雄 " 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们把他们看作非常相似的事情 , " 28岁的助理教授伊里克说 , 指数学和艺术 , " 他们都是创造性的过程 。
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的移动提高了猜测 , 他可能试图展示反对党成员 , 他在形成预算和税收政策中与他们合作十分严重 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一家泰勒公司把我送到那里一个/c.我不喜欢样本 , 然后我把样本发送到a/c , 他做了同样的 , 现在我们正在做好伟大的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	为了研究小儿rti与血锌价值的关系 , 与40例无rrti患者的血液锌价值比较了35例rti患者的血液锌价值 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择之后 , 主题会发现一个银lililiing: " 用一个破碎的腿 , 我可以躺在床上看电视 , 无罪 。 "
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文利用宁波作为对象 , 详细的研究和搜索现状 , 进行了科技资源的研究 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	在交通事故中 , 由非汽车车司机或行驶员引起的损失 , 车辆驱动机车辆的驱动机不得承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金包装商 " 项目 , 因此政府将购买新的汽车 , 以代替旧能源工程的车辆已经广泛应用 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	本文讨论了双共振振振振荡的阈值条件 , 在信号光的吸收系数不同于iding光 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人参观一个外国 , 甚至访问香港 , 我国的一部分 , 很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	2007年8月15日 , 支持者准备了一个巨大的委内瑞拉总统胡戈·查兹在卡萨斯国家建筑外的建筑物 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	采用计算机模拟方法对agw电接触材料的电阻率、w组分和孔隙的影响进行了研究 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰与美学的约定 , 提出了精致的对称外观和对称观点 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	在洛杉矶到华盛顿的城市交通中 , 随着反war抗议者阻止了主要的交通 , 一些链接在一起 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为一个由多个计算机组成的下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它通过异步串行端口交换命令和数据 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的要求越来越关键于微波传输设备的性能 , 包括coupler , 分离器 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	在徐子的历史观 , 圣与道之间的关系不仅具有逻辑一致性 , 而且在不同历史时期也有着丰富多样的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许chiquita与客户所要求的颜色发送香蕉 , 任何地方都会从绿色到深黄 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在这里 , 在一个网站上 , 一旦花费核燃料棒 , 一个不寻常的纺织厂正在建立商店来服务汽车体建设行业 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	同时还给出了一种高度的生殖能力 , tcb是一种非侵入性、简单、方便的监测和筛查设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	一千英尺地下 , 水晶的洞穴只是壳华沙漠附近的一系列闪烁的洞穴之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	kopeck疲劳性能主要表现在击中概率之前 , 在赛季中期 , 比赛kopeck拍摄平均只有36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	由于最小侵入性手术仍然是 " 主要手术 , 所有的并发症如心脏攻击、中风甚至死亡都是罕见的 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	建江 , 沈建县居住于清初 , 其佛教名为香港 , 是新安艺术学院的先锋 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了南omiccapsule完成的羊毛织物的智能化调节原理 , 建立了理想的热吸热模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理、校正 , 总是为我们的目标建立最佳产品 。 完成质量的程序满足顾客 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山大黄金矿是我国第一次采矿的硬岩 , 采用机械上升滑动停止填充方法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	在一个数据库表中的所有值都加密了与用户所提供的密码相同的密码 , 同样加密算法和相同的cipher模式 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	拍摄这部电影 , 一个由比尔伯长的美国 , 拥有8个世界级的ursurfers , 8个外国国家 , 总有1个万纳比和一瓶挑选的罐子 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	逆向拱形弯曲曲曲形式 , 在稍微的输送、连续玻璃包装和高雅的周围 。
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	本文叙述了宝钢家用涂层钢的进展 , 提出了生产质量、品种和问题的建议 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	未来主义 , 一个早期20世纪的工艺运动 , 拒绝整个机构并试图通过强调机器和影片来排除当代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	劳动合同制度的前一部分 , " 劳动合同制度离开并注意到许多问题 , " 第五条要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同有效时间提供有效的合同 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品、个人数码辅助、观看钟、各种仪器、办公机、汽车、汽车音频玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	最初的意思是 , 狐狸借给了其他动物的精神 , 它的延长意义是通过有人影响的美德来掩盖人们的影响 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马高血压大鼠复方药物心脏保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	经常建立水电工程 , 为铝电解厂需要的电量提供大量的电解工程 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	这是用来吸烟叶的木材 , 烟叶和烟雾暴露量 , 给烟叶留下了鲜明的味道 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们主要集中在基于多级分区策略的指标和搜索器的设计上 , 提出了一种新的指标分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨胃运动对大脑功能活动的影响 , 比较自由edentia和rpd恢复后血流变化的影响 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	提出了多变量预测极分配自调控制回收算法的稳定性和全局收敛性能 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及制造平板热管的方法 , 包括以下步骤:提供上盖板和下盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	那座寺里的主要建筑是大熊大厅 , 超级大厅 , 钟塔 , 在脚本 " 午夜钟 " , 地图第一层 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于沥青混凝土材料温度依赖于自然 , 测量的反射 , 因此 , 路面的结构能力与温度不同 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年 , 吴丽在国内外地位和国际地位方面取得了战略目标 , 作为观察人口合理规模的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	采用氨酸合成气 , 可以直接制备脂肪氮的催化氢 , 而非纯氢 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同时 , 学者也认为:itch基本上意识到的是 , 边界感官经历了浅层皮肤剪切的地方 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 该系统可以使用软件或硬件处理紧急情况 , 例如给出异常、电源、停止电荷和停止放电等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是适应经济的重要手段 , 税务管理的安排可以大大地影响非稳定企业的发展 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	如果肋骨被严重的话 , 那么顶部就会在大气中燃烧 , 底部就会飞到地面 " 纸张的力量 " , 根据抬头说 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	今天 , 德国核反应堆最终将关闭的时候 , 由于安吉拉·默克尔的中央联盟 , 这次演示是一天的 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	运用隐喻理论、家庭道德体系和当代美国政治研究总统演讲的双重意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	内部人士指出 , 两家公司现在将在更低利润下销售 , 期望本市场份额 , 依靠高盈利游戏的应用来获得好处 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 邓努在世界上最快的疾病负担之一 , 今天报道了许多地区的病例 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫菲利亚社会的一项调查显示 , 在1645岁的600名女性中 , 关心时期的70%的关注者中 , 有关于他们的时期的关注 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会遇到转换xml数据的任务 , 将xhtml传送给xhtml , 交互式 , 以及用于移动用户和各种web浏览器的接口 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	正确的顾问可以帮助您建立一个固体基金会 , 同时 , 就像一个保存的职业顾问或金融规划员一样 , 同时 , 就能帮助你建立一个坚实的基金会 , 同时你一次打开你的门 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢现在的洋葱 。 " 洋葱 , 把它作为下一代人类飞船的下一代 , 已经被一些nasa工程师描述为 " 斯蒂罗多 " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	工作进入wee小时完全失败工作平衡 , 导致你错过时间和爱人一起 , 而且往往不超过 , 导致你失去珍贵的睡眠时间 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在kurdish传奇中 , 节日庆祝了库尔德的库尔德的交付 , 并且它被看作是库尔德兰原因的另一种表示支持 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	第一类旅客可以直接获得同样的价格 , 作为一个香槟的玻璃 , 因为免费的 , 教练乘客支付了6美元去通道冲浪 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动的价格比越南等地方更昂贵 , 为什么我们也不努力在那些廉价国家制造的努力呢 ?
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选用适当的加固方法 , 比较了注射根桩、非滑桩、锚杆等各种加固方案 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是 , 他的辞职很可能接受 , 但是没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫的官员告诉金融时报告说 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文综合利用多尺寸小波分解和苏珊操作符进行图像处理 , 然后快速获得特征点的位置 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	一项 " 坏苹果 " 可以传播负面行为 , 比如病毒引起办公室友或毁坏良好的团队 , 根据工作场所的一项新的调查冲突 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 所有产品开发能力都是关于 " 日本第三大社交网运营商yoshikazutanaka , 希腊公司首席执行官yoshikazutantanaka " 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还送了奥尔法平的照片 , 并告诉我关于照顾者的照片 , 或者 " 妈妈 " , 就像他们所称的大多数年轻的海地妇女一样 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	在这里 , 我想要警告所有的亲戚和接近我 , 这些服务将使用所有的手段来捕捉并且试图杀死和液体 , 社交或专业化我 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	然而 , 很快关注降雨林的转变 , 比如气候变化和有机农业 , 现在阿马逊正在消失在1980年代的同一速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	公司表示 , 可以提高这种大圆 , 因为可编程的逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利的部门 , 占65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第十四条政府可能需要通信企业采取必要的应急措施 , 用于自然灾难事件或紧急事件的事件 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他重点关注该公司已经允许用户通过音乐播放器应用程序和类似的网站进行音乐家页面 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生找到了一个劳动者 , 他的妻子拿了一份时间工作 , 看着家里的两个孩子 , 一个女儿和他们的儿子刘京 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	由于获得战争纪念碑捐赠给博物馆的战争纪念品的负责 , 他说 , 没有人知道李唐是谁 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	有一个全球文件更新意味着 , 只要记住在添加或删除用户时更新它 , 然后将它推出到所有的框中 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	根据我们的客户建议 , 我们购买了几个关键字的url , 因为任何地方从100美元到400美元的url 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何从websphere环境中获取信息 , 但如何将信息推到监控工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	本文重点构建一个合理的数据结构 , 实现固体建模的基本功能 , 如旋转、动物、潘和部分视图等 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	81岁的弗雷斯环 , 81岁的福特·科林多 , 科罗拉多看到了丹佛投资足球场的最后一次演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	沃尔夫兰特别激动的一个发展 , 尤其是使用狼ramalpha的能力理解和计算自然语言查询来创建数学程序 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一位年轻的婚姻女士 , 工作于一个孤立的农场 , 骄傲的技能在生长的花朵里 。 一天 , 她突然感觉到一个愿意沟通 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者指导者预计在工作文化、接触、写作应用和学习专业协会上花6090分钟的6090分钟 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经移动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军舰队和一艘坦克舰队的检索工作人员说正在在120英里半径运行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	委内瑞拉 , 委内瑞拉 , 一个飞机在东部委内瑞拉坠毁51人 , 官员说 , 至少有14人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	国家的破产显示当局正在寻求7590名中国、50名美国人、4020名马来西亚人和3470名英国人 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好的看起来 , 一个女性的工作机会被认为是 " 男性 " , 沿着科罗拉多丹佛商学院学习的学习 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安德雷亚·皮尔洛早期被防御墙收费 , 而克莱森·塞多夫和克莱斯普两人都有一半的机会在防守 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京地区的二磷生物乳、毒糖和三磷小鼠发现的人类感染是第一部国家的记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	据世界新闻报道 , 英国王子威廉将于2012年结婚他的长期女友凯特·米德尔顿 , 在伦敦奥运会上 , 英国王子威廉星期日报道 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件设置使用inotes6.ntf模板时 , 它继承了该模板中的所有设计元素并继承共享形式文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 采用双步法制备的酚塑料主要用htma法处理 , 这种处理过程将从htma发布氨基 , 将腐蚀铜或铜部件 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是克拉珀铁路的高度依赖于马什的标志 , 包括纤维勒蟹 , 一个饮食阶段 , 现在他们就会在这里去 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	圣彼得堡的俄罗斯援助组织的领导人aleksandravolgina说: " 政府说所有的东西都是很好的 。 "
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们已经发现 , 没有一类药物被撕裂 , " alineproston说道 , 互联药品部的首席执行官 , " 这不仅是主要药物 。 "
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	发现三甲状腺瘤tr6和神经切除术cb2的神经生物瘤与ergostine的含量有较好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试完成率 , 我们回顾了2008年1月和2009年2月间测试艾滋病毒的所有临床病例的记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	在中国采取准确的普查是一个艰难的任务 , 数百万移民工人已经离开他们的官方地址在城市的机遇 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳地铁1号车辆通信控制系统 , 提出了实现trb模式实际运行的实现原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	改进的malachite绿色法利用malachite绿色和molibdate , 特别是一种稳定的颜色复杂 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页的论文总长度超过120名学校委员会授予的医生 , 三分之二并没有指出圣经图 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	澳大利亚和美国科学家昨天在一份报告中发现 , 那些年轻的爸爸和澳大利亚的孩子可能比去年的孩子更少聪明 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	应用wmtc测试周期的ride特性和ftp、ece排放测试周期的差异 , 研究了wmtc测试周期的ride特性 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	艾琳长的原始有女性叙事 , 由作家的性别决定 , 并展示女性解构大规模主义 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁反规范设备的新型机理、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一个来源 , 我们可以发现白建永个人生活经验、宗教情感和对中国和外国文学遗产影响的清晰人文主义模块 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的放射图检查显示 , 在4周后 , gros观察显示了大量新型骨轨道障碍 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	沃拉斯哈德里尔说: " 所有的泡沫都从拉里和所有的橡胶扔下了切片积累和复合物 , 就像在一个封闭的坦克里 。 "
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	根据该原理 , 设计了50l名为fus50l的l小说生物反应器 , 建立了基于plot和生产规模的数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	利用2007年版本的营养数据系统 , 利用饮食糖尿病监测消费 , 测量回收猪肉的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scorpio合作关系数据 , 其他普通银行股价下跌了很多 , 根据scorpio合作伙伴关系 , 顾问 , hsbc私人银行只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据popsugar报道 , 我们将于今天2月22日在奥斯卡举行红地毯 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后提出了两种相应的沟通趋势 , 高上下文和低上下文通信 , 对解释活动产生了很大的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和cello在sonata中给出了相同的角色 , 18世纪的钢琴sonata格式与仪器义务障碍有关 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	他在传统共和党亚利桑那赢得了选举 , 成功成为活动主义者、进步管理者 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	科勒被印象深刻 , 认为在眼睛操作中可能有用 , 两个月后就试图出去 , 首先在动物上 , 然后用自己的眼睛完全成功 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价糖尿病中p300的诊断价值 , 方法对50型糖尿病患者及30例健康控制组血清erp进行检测 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 每天晚上都要照顾每个曲线的影子 , 就像在宫殿墙上看到的那样 , 就像是法庭美丽的样子 。
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过分析非开发载体的基本特点 , 阐述了海事责任的识别和限制以及海事责任的局限性等 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和我的第二个兄弟去阿哈姆·阿哈达 , 一些热情的朋友通过印刷和发布 , 给我发出一份副本 , 感到惊讶 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当企业提交企业收入税后 , 金融声明和其他相关资料应依照相关规定附加 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些表明 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是一些先天性畸形的重要地理因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几项研究表明 , 低和中级执行官表现出许多应激症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、张力、呼吸等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡和棕米干猫和厨房食品仅有五个纯纯纯纯的成分 , 以满足特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	本片提名了柏林金熊1999年颁奖 , 但打败了 " 美国优秀电影 " 的红色 , 最终有着强大的实际力量 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型具有较高的预测能力 , 显示了可实现的方法预测短期区域气候 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	抗war地壳带来了数以万计的反击示威者 , 其中包括在密西西西比州内的2 , 000人聚集在国务院 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检测中心位于该省承担产品质量检测任务的工厂 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	本条约的完整文本是在埃及雇主教堂的卡尔诺克寺和拉姆斯寺里的 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据wanjiagou水库拱坝的设计 , 阐述了隧道坝的特殊问题和解决方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	室内试验得到的坝材料的可信动力学参数是地震破坏坝动力学分析精度的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验来确定安德罗id市场是苹果应用程序存储的充分替代 , 或者探索许多功能和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	本文研究了两缸同步和准确定向的液压系统 , 然后设计了满足要求的同步系统 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数的年度增长率仍在负面23.9%左右 , 上周的数字从负面24.1%升高了 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、线、丝、羊毛、现金、合成纤维、混合、下衣和婴儿等类型的服装和清洗 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间尺度数据的多尺度空间时空数据的组织框架 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索和解决adsl线故障时 , 用户访问网络时 , 我们介绍了一种adsl故障检测我在本论文中的ng仪器 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	经过快速交换过程平衡后 , 可以通过微分动力学方程来处理缓慢交换过程 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	地图是由美国宇航局地球卫星上所采集的先进空间生成的热排放和反射辐射辐射计收集的数字高级数据 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种关闭式环境风引导设备的电厂冷却岛 , 属于能源电力技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	赫徽是一种临时互助的老时代 , 要循环必要的基金 , 它总是组织在膝盖和邻居之间 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨临床手术指标、手术方法及临床应用情况 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在根深的指导下 , 著名的专利火焰制造公司雇佣了人才的机械和工程师 , 继续创新领域开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	19岁的阿罗德是他国家在20岁的球队的常规 , 在利物浦上赛季第二场比赛中是利物浦第二场比赛的关键球员 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	地板不断扩展 , 所有的叶子都浸出了颜色 , 烟草绿色和棕色 , 融合天空 , 融合到遥远的灰色没有什么东西 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	体育复杂是2008年夏季奥运会在北京和周围地区建立的大型体育设施之一 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是 , 韩先生被打击不平等的挑战引起了新罕默斯在无尽的山地镇推翻 , 以及部落政治的增长规模 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国的食品安全分析单位和被称为 " 南索马利亚 " 的饥饿警告项目说 , 南索马里的饥饿越来越糟糕 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	关注eobjct的脚印实现也值得注 , 一些客户使用它来实现超过60%的脚印减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc表示 , 在过去四十年里 , 法国阿尔卑斯的冰川已经失去了四分之一的地区 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样和统计意义的基本意义 , 将帮助你理解什么可能 , 更好地理解和解结果的意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国王子 。 威廉王子 , 他在维登战役中命令部队 , 宣布了世界大战近期的冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	web页面必须在基于b/s模型的桥梁卫生监控系统中显示大量实时数据 , 导致频繁更新页面 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新型的网站混凝土表面 , 随着塑料和保温材料覆盖 , ( hscmt条件维护 , 混凝土不得水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在本地论文中 , 本地的9/2/02版本上 , 肯特里德里德的报纸里有一篇文章 , " 关闭门关闭药品销售的医生 " 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们前的前锋米卡尔·福塞尔提醒我们 , 他可以在开幕季度做什么 , 而布鲁斯很高兴把他带回伯明翰线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	新闻采用先进的双向载波阀系统和进口的电泵泵技术 , 可以实现双闭环控制压力和流速控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了基于mcgs配置软件和siemensss7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的控制系统的设计和配置过程 。
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰腺细胞的胰岛素分泌是一种复杂的过程 , 如果不能正确地诱导糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	灵山大佛在灵山坐落在灵山南部的小岭山区 , 武西 , 江苏省 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这就是为什么我在美国学校选择 " 公民化教育 " 作为我的研究领域 , 文学聚集和比较的研究方法都采用了 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节上 , 迈阿密热和达瓦德将在克莱维兰队员和莱布朗詹姆斯在联赛的两名年轻球员的比赛中举行 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这就是为什么web设计师 , 他们的密切的线索 , 禁止 , 头部和脚部设计师 , 可以收费50美元的一个好页面头 , 更多的一个完整设置 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	文章通过对缺陷动力学技术及解决问题的研究 , 给出了在武术中使用的动力学技术的参考 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 企业人力资本的价值主要从会计角度测量 , 人力资本的评价是很罕见的 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文介绍了信任区域法与限制简单分解算法 , 以解决rsd的主要问题 , 结合信任区域法 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	波斯茅斯是烹饪岛屿 , 或者太平洋岛屿最受全球变暖威胁 , 他们正在停止快速 , 很快就消失了 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳irui电子技术有限公司是一家专业led制造商 , 生产 , 销售和服务于2006年成立 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥·费迪南德将于星期一在布里塔尼亚体育场的后空中受伤后 , 里奥·费德南德将错过中产阶段的访问 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	范戈赫在187年在巴黎画了 " 草地 " , 并在荷兰东部的奥特罗市的克罗勒默勒博物馆里挂着它 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目标是确定15名超重男性葡萄糖耐受性下降咖啡、氯酸和三角素对葡萄糖耐受性的急性影响 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际的角度来看 , 消费者价值福利 , 因此更好的市场访问可能由生产商确保好福利在他们的群体中获得 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	格林斯潘先生保持着中国和其他因素在全球范围内的发展 , 而且不仅在美国的贡献给全球范围内的房地产增长 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	本文根据工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群的一种新的空间经济方式 , 不同于市场和层次化的空间经济方式 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 把所有她的甜蜜折叠起来 , 滑进湖底的大雾中:那么你自己 , 最亲爱的 , 你和我一起滑进来 , 丢失在我身边 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 格雷尔先生的移动都会增加奥巴马先生通过国会获得国内议会的机会 , 提高他在法院的自由主义能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年 , 新兰安排了我来见面一位纸灯的制造商 , 他们在最近一轮南京的孔子庙里发生了同样的事情 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	那些美丽的承诺 , 那些在照片上的甜美笑容就像阳光一样温暖 , 在我右手中慢慢冻结曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先的反向是一种更高优先任务的现象 , 因为它们在实时系统中使用同样的共享源 , 就会被低优先任务阻碍 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 利用计算机数控控制和位置跟踪误差的工具位置计算出了计算机数控点的轮廓误差矢量 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	利用废弃开挖材料和整体建筑网站分配 , 实现了狭窄地区的一般布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强学生培养的实践教学 , 重视学生培养的思想和创新能力 , 取得了显著成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度转变对热带传热模式的自然海洋循环波动的影响很大 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福志的解释毫无疑问地从天地和地球到儒家人类关注的时候降解了张子的小姚 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些浓度更大 , 使蓝钛高度挥发性和爆炸性的副作用 , 使得晶体收获极其危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司处理了其他婚礼摄影师的图像处理 , 同时也教他们使用轻房2 , 这样他们可以节省时间和金钱加工更小的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了ptunie杂交大桥组织培养及其dna水平的影响 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	它的大学成立于575年 , 是一项关于理论、科学和医学的研究中心 。 人口04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	临床试验表明mv210对健康志愿者有很好的口腔生物可用性 , 实现高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	采用30种不同类型的稻米品种和混合品种 , 研究了大麦主要农作物产量与ratoon作物的相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用中心表现定理和正常形式方法 , 分析了地图的局部编码两个分布 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	印尼西亚海啸恢复局的银行员工表示 , 基于社区的重建是自然灾难反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 马湘建的父亲马山说 , 一个艰难的农民 , 景观的植物和树木生长在繁忙的城市里 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指数或主要键字段来选择q应用程序的关键列 , 以确定复制行和正确顺序事务 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	但是 , 伟大的灵魂已经拒绝了神圣的自然 , 奥詹那 , 渲染的服务给我带来了不偏离的心灵 , 让我知道我成为所有创造的不可缺的原因 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能源机构宣布 , 日本已经添加了第三个植物 , 因为辐射在墙外被检测到 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出的 " 现状 " 不仅思考了明宗晚期发展的重要阶段 , 也是其理论基础的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	雅诺夫·chomsky指出 , 气体供应的多样化也增加 , 使天然气出口的实施变得更灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统的安装和操作方便 , 但由于有限能力 , 但不能满足大规模泡沫项目的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	弗格森不要让他的明星球员力量移动 , 提醒罗尼在加拿大 , 罗伊·凯恩和大卫贝克汉姆老板学习了一个教训 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	对于约翰f.f和罗伯特f.肯尼迪1969年结束的故事 , 泰迪现在在这里被看到 , 肯尼迪将他们作为深刻的完整性 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣在天堂之前 , 作为牺牲的祭祀 , 没有追求自己的幸福 , 却为人类的好处提供了牺牲 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社交责任可以帮助客户的满意度增加 ? 如果这样 , 那么 , 什么机制是什么 ? 这个研究是怎么回答这些问题 。
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利切菲尔德说 , 他在11月警告了这个问题 , 希望该公司在1月发布了一组四分之一的安全补贴时 , 他希望该公司能在1月发布一组四分之一的安全补贴 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	几百万 , 因为他最初建议 , 盖茨将拥有10%的财富 。 所以 , 更像数百万 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 游戏男孩 " 杂志创始人胡格·赫弗纳说 , 他正在考虑结婚女朋友结晶哈里斯 , 年龄24岁 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	通过建立目标运动模型和动力杀死车辆 , 分析了拦截的约束 , 推导了轨道转移的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金南也是春城的著名城市 , 大量的地下水淹没北方 , 城市地区喷洒 , 形成了许多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两眼 , 让他们欢迎 , 和他们一起照顾他们 , 所以他们俩都与他们的心都表示他们在年轻时做了他们的妹妹 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们处于危险的时候 , 就像山谷或山区那样有用 , 甚至穿过信号很糟糕 , 警察可以知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	每天再次重复生活 , 我们都用自己的小头适合许多概念 , 意义 , 公式...但这充满了痛苦和泪水 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	巴菲特在中国所有外表都重复出现在中国 , 是通过辞职斯坦福德 , 试图在音乐里做一件事 , 他正在做同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	因此我们建议基于您的特定要求 , 可以根据电线的制造商和室内温度的不同 , 可以根据其制造商的价值进行计算 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	吸收和散射红外的吸烟屏幕 , 严重的引导头能量 , 然后减少导弹射击的可能性 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文重点讨论了基于skeleton图形、手写汉字作为一组孤立分支、孤立循环和组件的小集合特征 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被视为现代艺术创作的重要人物 , 是现代艺术的先锋 , 由于他的智能绘画理论而引起的一名飞行员 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	北京佛罗斯和苏利凡首席顾问王玉泉告诉ap说 , 声明是一个微妙的警告 , 不要太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正在感觉到中国的竞争热情 , 经济正在激烈 , 自1980年代末以来最快的三年生长 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高和低侧建筑中沉降差异的原因和预防措施 , 并指出了利用后期的特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我不会看到下两年或三年的变化 , " 卡尔if工作的50岁的个人投资者约翰说 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾经看过的最伟大的老师 , 他是能力 , 没有可见的努力 , 让学生们看起来像一个愚蠢、苏格拉克对话 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	scream4提供了一组熟悉的字符 , 在恐怖电影设置和输出自我引用的单线作为身体数字的数字 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另外一个问题是 , 越来越多的电视政府进程 , 更好的是 , 假设人们在广播时看到程序的时候才会看到 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到2月24日 , 当美国空军获得kcx竞赛时 , eads似乎有强大的机会在波明的法律上停车 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新传统媒体的大师 , 有些是宗教领导人 , 一些是政府的最高官员 , 这些官员都有能力对全球影响 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师推荐仔细使用表达总线快速传输-最廉价的公共交通选项 , 增加了自行车列表和行业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个更老的系统可能会存储 " 狗 " 的术语 , 更广泛的 " 哺乳 " 和更窄的词语 " 达什德 " 或 " 野狗 " 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在丁庄眼中 , 吴明高高 , 青年 , 小心工作 , 接受强壮 , 快思维 , 实践努力 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	此外 , 运行时的连接字符串可以导致数据源输入字符串注入攻击、jeopard化安全 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着争论的继续 , 唐金先生需要把握事实 , 尤其是在美国 , 普通人民从1970年代开始看到他们的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎到您的友好学校社区 , 并且对所有学生都感到惊讶 , 显然是一个非常成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是从你的工资上付出自己 , 然后支付你的债权人 。 在那个单一的行动中 , 你告诉宇宙 , 你值得更多的价值和价值 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建筑中 , 矿石预计含有40万吨铜和4600万盎司的铜 , 应该在2012年开始运作 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	结果 , 德罗斯小孩最初在4月28日开始在太平洋的史诗旅程中设立了他的发射日期 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 胆囊比率和胆囊性指数可增加 , 淋巴细胞转化可增加新一粒粒 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还指出 , 当寻找解决问题的时候 , 应该考虑到朝鲜半岛的核化 , 并解决dprk的安全问题 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:采用家庭动态问卷和家庭环境规模版本测量221例抑郁症患者和178例正常控制患者 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要业务利润是负责、股东和用户负担的重要指标 , 其真正性是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	针对sh6700光总线地板中te第一交叉成员的破裂现象进行了分析和探讨 , 提出了在此基础上提出了三个结构改进计划 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了节水绿色空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保节水绿色空间开发的需要和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业生的研究 , 他们可以获得更高的公务员或政治部门成员的机会 , 获得更高的社会状况 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	在作家的眼睛里 , 一个古老的良好 , 废弃了野生 , 在作家的眼睛里 , 它是美丽的 , 养成了几代世界生活 , 把努力推出来呢 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 许多研究表明 , 社会科学主要的成功实现了比那些有技术培训或前专业课程的人更大的管理成功 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临着市场和银行的双重限制 , 导致银行贷款赔偿问题 , 困难提高工作资本的缺乏 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	通过实验和创新 , 介绍了在环己烷氧化单元中不完全分离废碱液的解决方案 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的娱乐角落 , 黑布艺术地灯是蒂因和皮肤单身的沙发和脚趾 , 安排了个体良好的地方 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽昂·莱恩特·雪登:希望你能与我们建立一个国际jci标准医院 , 让所有的妈妈和孩子都能获得医疗保健和世界同样的步骤 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计将在第一场30季度最后一场领导下克服psveindhoven , 这将为切尔西提供最终与merseyssiders一起的机会 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会应由三或五人组成 , 这是执行官任命 , 以及海事法院拍卖者和调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	yago在塞吉奥贝纳多·阿尔摩昂之后租借到巴黎 , 另一位剑桥左转到巴黎 , 这是年轻的西班牙球员yagosilva平等 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的六十六届会议举行了一系列完整的和谐文化建设 , 为当前和谐文化建设提供了一系列的安排 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为此 , 使用找到实用程序来定位和回顾您在今天一段时间内访问或更改的所有文件 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据北京龙口矿业公司潜艇软岩支撑工程 , 进行了usteel支撑与路径交互的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用t-pan蓝色排除试验、7690株荧光素染色及传输电镜对细胞生长和分化进行了分析 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的利用pvc作为主要原料 , 探讨hcvrna内表面的吸附性及其制备的血浆袋及其管 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	建立了双辊带铸件固化模型 , 利用有限元软件数学模拟了带铸件固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcur&d分部 。 作品将在特殊22stmcu文学奖杂志上发表 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水面的蒸发下降 , 地面的相对湿度越近 , 阳光小时减少和风速减少 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	1912年 , 美国科学家wilburl.scooville在1912年被命名为wilburl.l.scoville , 研制了一项测试卡普萨西辛的化学品位 , 创造了基里的热量 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖上升到某些程度时 , 饱和的中央问题胃疾病信号 。 如果所有营养物都会减少双cu产品 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 在这里 , 我只是激动了 , 拿着我手里 , 拿着一罐 , 拿着我握在我的手里 , 在那里 , 砖壁后面的一部分停止了我的妻子的尸体 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每一个人的十指都留下了一个不同的印象 , 而肌肤的弹性使得肌肤的弹性变得不可能精确留下同样的指纹印象 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理局副主任谢美表示 , " 今年7月北京各家星级酒店的订书速度增加了5月份的一百分之一 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放相对较低 , 因为大量的河系饲料足够的水电发电机 , 以供应大约70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	设计了采用浮动moss的dlatch和dliplopplop电路 。 为了介绍dliploppp应用 , 我们设计了dliplopppplop的注册和对策 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	每年下降的100英寸的雨水每年 , 奥林匹克国家公园下降 , 埃及绿树上升 , 填满了这个奥林匹克山谷 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超抗原融合蛋白质细胞因子实际上是抗原先前艺术的替代物 , 具有目标功能 , 是抗原不同的新前瞻性介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一个精心计划和组织努力完成一个特定的一次努力 , 例如 , 构建一个建筑或实现一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	本文采用spore污染分析、扫描电子显微镜和c14异位试验定义了混合层的地质原因及其分布特征 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人想理解正确的三大营养 , 这些三大营养大家都关注 , 首先控制动物 , 随着年龄增加 , 逐步减少 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	要做朋友 , 朋友 , 印度的心 , 情境结束 , 帮助手 , 诚挚的合作 , 互利共同创造更好的明天 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国在新疆、边境巴基斯坦和阿富汗西部地震潜在穆斯林叛乱中加强了巴基斯坦合作 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀用来使气体流动在粗糙线中 , 它们防止管道和容器的湍流 , 在真空安装中颗粒污染 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食物容量也可以用来描述一个较低定义的症状 , 一些人受到消费某些食物的影响 , 因为没有清楚的基础 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	物理化学中稀释溶液的沸点升高似乎与蒸汽蒸馏在有机化学实验中产生了矛盾 , 其实它们是不同的原则 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	deckerctgantry是悬浮桥段的一系列特殊设备 , 主要有两种优化型和液压升降型 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家宝会见到了吉亚亚亚总理萨缪尔后来 , 他正在向中国参观工作 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应该是自然和冲突现实 , 分析和讨论人民陪审选、培训、法律实施和几个元素监督 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	在此基础上 , 本文将整章分为九部分 , 每个部分分为 " 原文 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了利用efe矩阵法定量外部环境的方案扫描外部环境及方案评价方法 。
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	工作变得更聪明 , 沃尔兰孩子们开始意识到他们的父亲是一个暴力的怪物 , 每天恐惧他们的母亲 , 拒绝喂他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章详细阐述了中国古典诗歌文本安排中的特殊语言结构、形式主义 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 基于集体身份的理论假设 , 将欧洲身份的理论分为两个方面:原型主义和建构主义 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	利用燃烧噪声和有效解决方案 , 研究了二甲醚发动机噪声噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	天球攻击食品价格增加了重视超过饥饿和营养的更大挑战 , " 忘记 " 的美国千年发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上 , 他和他的67岁的叔叔在狩猎过程中遭遇了麻烦 , 冰浮在他站在那里 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素参与了自动分泌或帕克里恩时尚的规定 , 例如氧化合物、前列腺素和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	虽然pastis在2004年2月早些时候描述了各种各样的鳄鱼 , 但这些鳄鱼是相对竞争力和正常的英语 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果你不能在访问它时读到数据 , 那么解密密钥被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它 , 因为供应商使用它自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是谁穿着金色和银色、蓝色和绿色的网络 , 让自己穿过折叠的脚 , 触摸我忘记自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	山西省人力资源的优势依赖于旅游资源 , 目前尚西省著名于其复合文化 , 同时在复合物的竞争开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常不会在布利顿的书中 , 允许孩子们强大:旅行和烹饪 , 参观魔法的土地或解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	高粘聚合物扩散过程的普及问题是开发高效质量传输装置 , 提高了表面再生率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学计划不仅对心脏疾病患者的心脏攻击有积极的影响 , 而且在整个疾病过程中降低了不确定度和抑郁程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果93.3%和62.2%的高塑盐组的恢复率和总有效率均显著高于ns增加口服预氮组 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	宾多的游戏是一个由民间群体鼓励的美国风俗 , 同时也被教会联系 , 需要的收入提供交换 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	盒子12:kilos的格力应该在这里展示 。 其他测量单位 , 例如g.g.g.容量或数量表示准确的数量可能在定制时使用 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	穿越高速公路 , 远离深圳国际机场 , 港口只有十公里远离广州新白云国际机场 , 一小时全速 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体制的建立 , 国民经济快速发展 , 促进人类生活标准、医药和医疗保健工业的迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的想象和创造力将是透明的 。 香港人民的第二层楼将会象征香港人民的想象力和创造力 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说 , 萨格解释为什么他挑选了我: " 球员可以有很大的技能 , 但是他的才能不会意味着 , 如果他不会适用自己并得到工作 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍中国纺织品出口情况及服装的现状 , 尤其是从音量和出口价格上出口的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	加热玻璃的不同规格 , 但我保证了干燥、加热系统的质量 , 在喷嘴位置下 , 应该容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	这种不同的来源 , 如本土的美国人 , 鲁道夫斯蒂纳和我们的朋友都影响了我们对地球的适当和谐作用的影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	23个现有的夫妇属于他家乡和亲戚的妻子和幽默 , 他的政治雄心、态度和他对家乡和亲戚的附属 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	尽管土耳其倾向于温暖和和透明 , 你的平均乔治亚似乎更加自我包含和储备 , 但不完全与你的平均英国相似 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	显示它的阴影在试图吸引更少振动的棕色蜘蛛的注意力 , 生物显示出橙色、黄色、绿色和蓝色的黄色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 我不会去杀手 , 那么我相信 , 我觉得无耻的是卡尔德森 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省 , 像资源一样 , 鱼 , 森林 , 矿物 , 现在的石油 ? 那个外国人从 , 有时候不公平 , 有时候只剩下来 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校已经开始分离一些教训的性别 , 并且说它消除了男孩的 " 桃雀效应 " , 并提供了更多的老师时间分配 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	回顾说 , 卡夫卡是一个新尝试适应卡夫卡工作的复杂性 , 并且在索德伯格的广泛实验中获得了 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界大战后 , 亨利福特和普通汽车的阿尔弗雷德·斯洛恩从几世纪的工艺生产领导到大众生产年龄 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	波普金教授说 , 美国学校还需要改善营养 。 例如 , 学校可能会有一些人会考虑垃圾食品 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	然而 , wga西总统帕特里克·弗雷昂在周六晚上告诉这位3000名作家 , 此次罢工只在他们投票批准合同之后才会结束 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	阿莫伊是一家著名的国内移动手机制造企业 , 因为a8岁的 " 将跳舞 " 手机 , 2002年和2003年获得了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这听起来可能会有效 , 但记住在大多数观察者的情况下 , 每个组件都有很多听众 , 插入和删除大部分都是由横向输出的 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信仰拥有丰富的马祖寺、丰富的诗歌 , 与福建商人的活动有着密切的关系 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这个硅小的性能娃是我们在2016年市场上独特的设计 , 性爱的日本纯女孩 , 女性真正的性娃为男性 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:随着时候三月 , 穆斯塔切做出了一个回归的谣言 , 他将为旧金山谷发掘硅谷 , 证明了未经资金 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但我们回答说 , 鉴于他得挂上很多电影 , 而不要穿城市 , 然后在11岁的时候 , 他可能会穿过它 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的员工在自治公司 , 而且在信息收购类别的第三分之二 , 同意 " 良好的想法已经采用了我的公司 " 。
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条第十二条主题事件在escrow之后 , 义务人应当随时通知对象或他的头发或保卫人 , 除非对象无法定位 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	标普500家公司的收益更多 , 高层经济指标的稳定流动将给投资者更多证据在整个星期内的经济健康 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	基于毛细压力数据 , 估计了孔结构的分形参数 , 利用水压资料对孔隙结构的变化的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察19例急性综合征患者心力振动及同步心肌损伤的临床疗效 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论镍钛板固定和可调整的板状骨折减少装置对板状骨折的疗效满意 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	深圳siemax有限公司成立于2006年 , 是中国 " 结构化交流解决方案 " 的主要供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油密封 , 模具橡胶零件 , 硅主机 , 乘客汽车张力机 , 轻型和重型职务车辆 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人住宅位于北京东城区 , 是一个传统的 " 西河 " 住宅类型的传统住宅 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性金钱由女性金钱大胆而不受限制 , 但有相同重重量复杂 , 艺术触摸是染色的木材 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳市深圳市电信技术有限公司是一家研发、生产、销售和服务的专业led屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	通过双分子脂膜对植物细胞的影响 , 引起了高静电场的影响 , 通过双分子脂肪膜 , 降低微生物原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsacksack比polo衬衫更明亮 , 线程颜色看起来很好的knapsacksacksacksack太黑了阅读衬衫 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第十一条未来委员会资本数量调整的net资本 , 不得超过客户边缘总额的6% 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过对单层或双层的多层弹性丝的测定 , 结果表明 , 制备的织物的弹性能都可以达到媒体或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动态波浪湿擦拭机理、结构特点 , 阐述了其在硫酸和复合肥料生产中的应用 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是尽管在上个月 , 尽管政府的反应仍然不断增加执行 , 包括上个月的停止生产 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	在分析的基础上 , 提出了青岛港集团整体发展战略 。 最后 , 提出了多项建议 , 提高青岛港集团竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	此外 , 在sziit监督者对类性能的观察方面 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验类的性能更为活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在第三十六周的孕妇期间 , 一个孩子在出生之后死了 , 父母同意捐给婴儿的心脏 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司东手工有限公司的首席介绍是一家专业生产手工工艺的专业企业 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	在plugin路由级别中没有必要维持会话有限 , 因为在请求向应用程序服务器时 , 会话有限会将odrs关心odrs 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	随着对材料的可能性的调查 , 包括回收玻璃、ucco和大理 , 建筑师将石头设置为最佳选择 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金yu'ebao是中国首席在线支付提供商 , 天中资产管理的投资服务 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括gps微分参考站、gps购买子系统、水下翼、船舶数据处理和控制中心四个部分 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为卢克霍姆斯的内容非常全面 , 我特别喜欢前瞻角度的故事 。 " 中央国家主任路易斯霍说 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:对结合肝脏和肾收割的程序、1例右肾静脉和2例左肾动脉损伤 , 3例肾灌注不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	一种由酸化pds分离的两个不同金属的电源 , 形成了连接在一系列连接的主要细胞 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的一封信 , 约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了赫马斯的牧羊 , 这本书是我们所包含的一组写作 , 我们叫做postolic的父亲 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在德国西部 , 外交部长hansdietchgenscher敦促莫斯科托关闭所有核能源植物类似于切尔诺贝尔的核电厂 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	根据单阶段、双阶段和多阶段的设计 , 可以根据不同的稳定性、绝缘性和冷却需求进行定制 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件组织是文件组织的著名隐喻 , 它们已经取代了 " 目录 " , 之前在命令行操作系统中使用 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	语音、语法、词汇、听、讲、阅读和写作技能在这个阶段实现突破 , 以实现基础、习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	国防部委员会缺乏法律基金会对死刑的审查 , 导致对该委员会的操作和保障障 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 运动员运动员的培训体系可能导致心脏形态和功能显著的自适应变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解决uwb融合系统中长范围行为的大时间jitter错误 , 提出了一种基于晶体频率分割的新型时间系统 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	根据纽约的cpa招聘公司的创始人j.帕特里克·戈尔曼说 , 大型会计公司正在提供类似的增加 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	在一项研究中 , 研究人员考察了血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生率的关系 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法对37例胆道切除术前相对探索相关标志的患者进行检查 , 负面病人不会采取胆道检查 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	1984年 , 我一直很幸运地与hitachi合作 , 为25年以上的转会开始交付hitachi港口 , 我期待着我们的关系继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	本研究主要介绍了简单、经济动态锥石油计和影响土壤试验仪 , 提高其质量 , 提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变量矩阵 , 可以比较不同混合数据的位置精度 , 提出了一种基于系统定位的基础 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs从增加消费者和商业旅游者价格敏感性 , 降低了从全球经济疟疾流动的石油价格 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体尤其易受损 , 因为他们经常经历在神经认知并发症期间 , 可能会导致肿瘤本身的损害更多 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 并行处理方法获得了子线性速度 , 基本满足了内部模型实时识别的要求 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	这一举措是谁、联合国、美国红十字会、美国疾病控制中心和防治中心的合作努力 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文重点讨论了新现实主义小说的社会历史背景 , 并探讨了当代文学发展和认知策略的作者如何直接探讨当代文学发展和认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 阐述了美国联邦政府的腐败 , 从牛秀 " 先进的政治思想和粗糙的官方职业生涯 " 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	吴建议 , 公司和企业应注重员工心理健康 , 帮助他们通过讲座和心理咨询来缓解压力 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对大树现象的分析 , 阐述了城市景观森林的必要性和紧急性 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘合剂、混合剂和进口服装放在体重上 , 随着降低葡萄糖离子学位的释放 , 降低了进口涂料的最佳配方 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁浮动的态度明显表明 , 不同构造单元磁体的位移 , 岩石形状与岩石单元的分布一致 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 道贤也不想卖好 , 他只是想看他们是否能做出任何复苏 , 道仁惠不会继承他的法官 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	190c/375炉前加热后 , 将每一杯两分之二的杯子填充到2025分钟 , 或者直到金棕色 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	除此之外 , 建立者zhiyi保证了良好的教学氛围和学习氛围的十项规定 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了内热炉实际运行过程中存在的问题 , 分析了内热炉的原因 , 并提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨结肠酸诱导慢性颞叶癫痫的关系及其机制 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某些程度来说 , 利用信号检测理论来解释判断法官的理想假设 , 更实用的方法 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在有径向弹性机制的情况下 , 抗旋转机制与螺旋拉伸展示同步和自我补偿之间的磨损 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进的遗传算法设计成功地解决高维、多元应变和非线性uc问题 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理和其他相关银行人员应该负责引起17万元损失的责任 , 所以为什么他们不负责 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2从聚氨胺氧化介导细胞死亡 , 超敏反应和防御基因的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	海外石油产业建设高风险和投资强化 , 开发阶段运行流体的不当使用可能导致储层损伤 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	他认为 , 美国需要与伊朗和土耳其合作 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角 " 的活动将促进民主和战争极端主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	1987年 , 由于他们第一位总统哈比伯·鲍尔吉巴的第一次教育体系培养的突尼斯人很难吞咽 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这不能抑制全自由表达:这不会失去自由性 ; 身份性 , 以及我们同时沟通的重要诚信性 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她继续说: " 我们是电工程师 , 我们真的需要更多的海洋工程师帮助 , 但是让他们得到更多的资金 , 我们需要更多的资金来展示一些成功 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把你的妈妈的照片和她的珠宝盒放在这里 , " 米切尔说 , 克里斯特觉得很幸运 , 喜欢她的家人 , 想让她快乐 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为瑜伽帮助人们更多地利用他们的身体和饮食习惯和意识到坏习惯 , 比如食用压力、压力或抑郁等 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	那些在房间工作的志愿者们 , 灯泡不用头荧光来解决问题更成功的想法 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	星期二晚上 , 卡扎菲的巴布阿拉齐齐亚化合物报道了五大声爆炸 , 第一次在星期二晚上袭击了一名地址 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	通过一定的假设 , 我们结论价格水平、价格水平和成本参数的关系与风险避免的极端水平相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	利用气藏的物料平衡方程来确定气藏的储备和ogip , 判断其驱动类型并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	万慧看到唐糖家 , 唐李和天新看到唐糖回家后回家后 , 建议把家装修装潢放在家里 , 还可以太空 , 每个人都搬到维拉 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势显示 , 它从社会和文化积累与心理学上产生了密切的关系 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本课程重点在于通过教育实践和核心搜索来构建儿童数学认知的概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的t/es平均值约为2.06 , 旗阶段的最大值是78岁 , 冬季最低出现于零 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	胡山工业经济被称为胡山现象 , 这些研究经济在今年有着明显的上升 , 虽然它是国家水平贫困县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为新美国军事战略不再关注在山上敌人战斗后 , 而在城市和村庄赢得阿富汗 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者希望能尽管他们得到准备 , 但当地的老师认为外国人只是为了训练者而行 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假期者喜欢附近的太阳能旅馆 , 花园和野鸡 , 但是到目前为止 , 旅行的高亮是看到草坪人 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了火油税的作用 , 讨论了物流工业燃油税的影响 , 并给出了相关对对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	肯·蒂克写道: " 最后 , 在他最伟大的悲伤和愤怒时刻 , 他向我们展示了最脆弱的 , 渴望行动的人 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	帅 , 还是因为浮动儿童 , 必须自信上升 , 记住他们的家里由丝绸和卢琳讨论业务 , 才能打开丝绸线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	将叶绿添加到一个菜单上是一种易于添加颜色、风味和营养的方式 , 在本周 , 马萨·罗斯·舒尔曼写下来的健康方式 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何把自己作为一个员工作为考虑竞争的员工 , 可能你会看到一些正式的关于公司的观点 , 以及你的参与 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是分裂、阻尼和谐振的 , 一个人远处的声音 , 有人承包的呼叫或反应的声音在远远距离的厚度上显得很快 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	乔布斯先生在5年前被治疗胰腺癌 , 在1月中旬到医疗叶 , 接受肝移植 , 显示出可注意的重量损失 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	该方法提高了点传播函数的估计精度 , 为了恢复基于注意点传播函数的重点图像的重点图像 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每个章节和每个节点都形成了整个马鞍节点知识的整体框架 , 这基本上是由基本上升构建的 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 通过引入一些rdb查询理论引入oodb查询过程 , 提高了oql的查询优化模型 , 并给出了其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	bdnf水平较低的男性似乎失去了复杂的任务 , 几乎双重的男性没有变化 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心私人雇主会削减jobs和许多人 , 尤其是那些用来获得他们的工资------------------------------------------------------------
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	与政府政策相似 , 中国政府宣布将禁止自由的塑料购物袋 , 从2008年6月起 , 从2008年6月开始 , 中国政府宣布禁止购物袋 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	建立了基于病例的fusee和小脊柱部分的研究表示方法 , 建立了几何特征和过程特征信息的对象描述方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	去年 , 风险资本公司投资了35亿美元的美国替代能源公司 , 而他们只投资了33000万美元的中国企业 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	hals设计的组成部分是喷雾冷多平台的封闭 , 使电子在雷达目前安装在黑鹰前的前面 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	它代表着茶人希望 , 代表中国茶业将更加丰富 , 母亲研究的茶课程肯定比以前的日子更明显 。
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种环境友好的防腐涂料 , 基于非毒性磷酸钙作为主导抗锈颜料和磷酸盐作为辅助抗锈颜料 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地形和地形特征 , 北京沙地主要分为山地三种类型 , 山地转移区为平原和平原 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	本文还提出了基于遗传算法的地震特征和地震特征优化原理 , 基于susi网络的地震特征优化算法 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	由于健康状况 , 老年成年人不能做出推荐的物理活动 , 他们应该成为他们的能力和条件 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢卡斯在资本主义社会中暴露了普遍存在的问题 , 从商品上证明了其整体范畴的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	从2000年到2004年最大的跨市公共汽车的分形维度是1.4862到1.518 , 这与中国城市体系的分形尺寸一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨绝对贫困和相对贫困观念的现象 , 阐述了中国和英国社会的历史比较 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油有限公司安全管理的基础已经成为更加强化和石油加固的安全性能 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后根据可逆计数的特点 , 利用四值dfliplop作为核心组件设计了四个评价同步反同步计数的核心组件 。
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现邓吉利因为伤害引起了伤害 , 但没有一句 " 情绪障碍 " 解决了她的刑事责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除了代表受伤的个体外 , 我们还表示了健康护理欺诈和hmo纠纷的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制方案灌注在口腔和颌面手术中的可行性和潜在作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要研究成果列为:高中特殊教育教师和平城地区的基本教育教师 , 愿意使用技术整合 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗伯·帕茨 , 克里斯蒂瓦特和其他人在加拿大的第三部电影拍摄了第三部电影 。 eclipse于2010年5月出现 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第十六条国家科技委员会应当与其他部门关注 , 经常间隔新技术产业发展区 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	管理文化对员工工作动机的影响很广泛 , 但目前 , 文化与工作动机之间的关系没有一个可锻炼的框架 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	这是为了在这艘粗糙的小船中30名多国际船员的艰难工作 , 下面的橘子花和太阳花在厕所里涂上 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金今年削弱了其它商品的联系 , 经营于今年上半年的石油和铜滑动 , 这反映了它的价值越来越大 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们从传统生活模式中分离出来 , 爱下 , 结婚 , 买一个房子 , 还有孩子...相反 , 他们已经跳了一些步骤 , 加上其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接的数据结构保持了它的ngth , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 因此它可以减少没有点击和匹配模式的节省 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你在适当的位置 , 你需要放松你的手臂肌肉 。 记住 , 当你的绘画手腕保持直线和前臂肌肉时 , 这是很容易的 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	另外 , 丰田周一表示 , 它已经扩大了一个美国的服务活动 , 以便泄漏石油主机 , 覆盖934 , 000辆车辆和六缸发动机 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但是它要求我把书推出来了解更多的主题 , 或者用发送者来交换许多电子邮件 , 来解决问题的更多细节 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前的自然历史问题中 , 耶鲁教授弗兰克a.海滩告诉原子们如何学会多少钱 , 甚至还会转变成亚uman资本家 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	从北韩获得独立的消息非常罕见 , 但中国相关的大坝语法学家已经走到边境 , 以满足最近逃离的朝鲜人 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保公平处理仲裁案件、国家仲裁立法和民事立法案件 , 都有司法监督制度 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲阿洛伊斯认为 , 被认为是一个女性和一个19岁的犹太人 , 这使得这个男人激发了全球一季的犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织表示 , 政府部队至少在叙利亚整个叙利亚死亡了至少41名公民 , 其中包括20名在半亚中央抗议中心的袭击 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	地方官员告诉报纸 , 应对需求的回应 , 第一天的旅行将包括访问北川高中 , 在那里学生被埋在垃圾中 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	幸运的时候 , 有一个女人在那里被命名为 " 心脏大 " 的女人分享 , 比如兽人 , 她不会太坏看 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , 25%的xmx值用于最大护理尺寸 , 而护理尺寸则允许在那25%内增长和缩小 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一方面是一个冲突 , 美国并没有寻求 ; 其中一个是由42个国家加盟的 , 包括挪威在努力保护自己和进一步攻击的国家 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	一家美元的商店还没有打开 , 所以我走进了没有钱包里 。 它的迪什退出了昂贵的 , 所以我拿了两杯瑜伽 , 告诉盖茨给我一些季度 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本请求的框架中 , cen和cenelec将开发一个或几个水平的标准包含在各种类型的能源相关产品的通用需求 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	该方法分为光轮集成加工过程中两种工作程序 , 表面切割是前程序 , 挤出加工是后程序 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 在6月2日 , 将有私营部门和政府会议 , 包括印度商务委员会 , 将举行第35届年会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电信市场不会被允许打电话列表上的任何数字 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人有现有的业务关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的干旱有限于孤立区域 ; 除了里奥大爷做ul和巴拉那外 , 外 , 没有可逆的伤害似乎在全国范围内广泛传播 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	一个更加危险的装置 , 美国流行的美国 , 是由硫酸填充的瞬时光盒瓶 , 用硫酸分解为化学物质 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦中 , 她被一个很漂亮的病毒名字告诉女士 , 实现了一些藏人也可以看到在湖边的网站内容 , 只是通过计算机监控屏幕来看到 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是积累体验丰富的个人知识 , 无法制度暴露 , 即可感觉到 , 但不能解释词 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这种类型的场景通常发生在clevel执行官想驱动业务的clevel执行者时 , 它会改变企业提供积极的支持来帮助他们的战略议程 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家的 " 扩展eps系统 " --360提供市场领先的市场前沿、侧面和后面冲击保护 , 使其成为最安全的螺旋之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年建立了北京文雅画艺术销售中心 , 大厅建立了世界上最大的艺术家宋庄艺术家村 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	澳大利亚学出版社和专业出版社开放 , 包括大学出版社和非营利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何在医学特殊分支中运行诊断和治疗设备 , 但他们也在紧急干预技术中培训 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	采用三种结构组装的水火管锅炉是dzl型热水锅炉的新思路 , 最近在此类锅炉中应用了两步连续喷射技术 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐赠允许一座桥梁在两座山之间建立起来 , 终于走到学校 , 穿靴子的姐妹想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	在西北的寒冷喷射都被侵入 , 保持亚热带气温和湿度 , 是北北热带亚热带气候转变的典型 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	通过化学热力学实验 , 研究了非氧化强酸溶液中无氧化硫的溶解性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	本文分析了涡轮发电机在频繁循环操作的末端的变形过程的原因、危害和形成过程 , 并提出了预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人上周告诉华尔街日报 , 该公司不能在长期以来取代osi的供应商进行规定 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一个规则 , 第三周中期的趋势将转向第三周中期 , 第三周末 , 股票只移动3周的主要趋势 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	cla显示出一种显著的抗癌效果 , 提供其它营养效益 , 讨论cla的多生理多功能及其病理生成 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本奥萨卡桑瑜大学于6月10日发布了正式的道歉 , 因为一名员工称孔子学院为一个文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	在比赛期间 , 第一次被称为 " 奥林匹克巷 " 的挑战已经感到了所谓的 " 奥林匹克巷 " , 将在18 , 000名运动员和官员在首都周围的比赛 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	我组和组i组之间的细菌数量有显著差异 , 小林清洗手的效果明显优于洗手 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在一个年轻的妇女中 , 没有物理的发现表明恶性 , 患者应该在下一个月经后返回3至10天后 , 患者是否开始确定肺回归 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机控制空间干预研究 , 随访时间长 , 可能有助于进一步描述balneot治疗的疗效 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我明白 , 在我留在中国的一位志愿者期间 , 所以 , 解决方案不会对任何问题或事故都会举行责任 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	gnome中的一个最好的菜单项是在菜单中的服务器进入的连接 , 这允许用户可以很快地连接到任何类型服务器 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山脚上 , 国际幼儿园附近太阳瑜伽大学 , 坐落在一个愉悦的环境中 , 景观良好 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:使用3种诱导的痰样品比自发性不能自发诊断3例胃洗涤剂更敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中在蒙古的标签上 , 旨在巩固其在俄罗斯的权力位置 , 在战斗中获得稳定的地位 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们拍了很多照片 , 因为我们驾驶过德克萨斯 , 新墨西哥 , 阿里桑那 , 加利福尼亚 , 尼泊拉多 , 乌拉多 , 科罗拉多 , 尼布拉斯加 , 以及所有的途径 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	然而 , 就像过去的世界公平一样 , 上海博览会主要是印象国内观众 , 以及超过90%的游客来自主办国家 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的那天 , 我开始很好 , 但是在半场马拉松我在两腿上开发了肌肉裂纹 , 导致我在塔姆拉克下跌 , 这使我右膝盖受到严重破坏 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	以色列两位 , 陕波利克博士 , 医学工程师 , edysoffer博士 , 一个杰出的气象学家 , 加入了一个基于satle的工程团队来帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	凤凰看了窗户 , " 这意味着我在rv里的那部电影中提醒我 , 一个rv的家庭在一个小镇里拉到了一个小镇 , 突变者夜里出来 , 吃它们 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	根据技术创新的战略实施 , 中国应采取更多的勘探和发展 , 以保证更多的储备 , 减少油进口的暴露 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	目击者和安全相机视频的枪手建立了一支肖像 , 因为年轻人穿着牛仔裤和潮湿的t恤衫 , 轴承橡皮和枪 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	针对linpack或eispack的单移复杂qz算法 , 开发了一种简单的生成价值通常 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员对欧洲工作满意度、工作协议、工作时间、婚姻状况、性别和年龄、工作自治关系进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	很好的购物者和阿尔弗雷斯科餐厅保持忙碌的地方 , 直到晚些时尚的商店 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的饭物或浏览上海更多的时尚店 , 这是这个地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高服装行业的生产效率 , 必须结合身体测量、模式设计和服装制作的传统服装生产 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	除非相关当局批准相关合同之外 , 技术转移的相关费用不会作为税收推销项目 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前盾牌混合比例通常使用正交试验 , 缺乏实验和不可避免的时间和金钱的需求 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿饮料中 , 每天只有1磅的糖尿减少 , 18个月的重量减少了1.1磅和1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 中国对冻结和渗透霜有很严重的灾难 , 冻结长期监测是为潜在灾难提供参考资料的重要依据 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了lcopene的生物学特征 , 如分子结构、代谢、组织分布及其抗癌功能及可能的机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:直接表现为9例 , 无规则中央或内心狭窄9例 , 1例无规则填充缺陷 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑器允许您在启动期间自动检查更新的菜单 , 并允许您在您的喜欢的字节中设置更好的字节 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	采用大型重力电流的垂直速度 , 运行的大速度大 , 前面的密度同步符合这些观察 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	粮食生产中使用生物技术的组成部分有很多好处:它加快了种植物和动物的发展过程 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	马库维亚在乌克兰、意大利、芬兰和乌格鲁斯拉维亚举行了战争 , 被称为军事服务 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强的是 , 要与贝尔泽布一起驱动魔鬼 , 为了中性化和克服那些支持建立规则的反魔法 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	其次 , 有一个绝对的艺术标准 , 意味着每个人都感到独特的感觉都不能复制的图像 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 这些虫被用来攻击它的巴赫核反应堆的电脑 , 已经有广泛的猜测 , 实际上已经损坏了该厂 , 一些伊朗否认了 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌移动密钥相比 , mdcsk具有多级数字信号可以加密的优点 , 使用多卷加密参数 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、障碍和海军成功采用和实现创新策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	从hsqldbutil.运行scriptool来创建一个名为启动的方法 , 获得项目的主要类名称和命令行参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运极球冠军和世界记录持有者elnaisinbayva星期天早些时候宣布她是从运动中采取无限的突破 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易部门法律可视为社会利益的利益分配和司法选择与公共利益之间的共利益和贸易部门的垄断利益 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班的战斗者似乎准备把大量人吹出来 , 为了减少单一目标 , 比如高级政府官员或警察长 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线显微镜是一种利用软x射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 它填充了光学和电子显微镜之间的差距 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	温阳三能集团有限公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业生产烟草提取物 , 苏兰醇和尼古丁两大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼部位置正确率 , 包含了面边界精炼的算法和多层眼检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:建立客观口腔黏膜灌注试验 , 探讨微型氧化zrg大型金属玻璃的组织兼容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场吉尔伯托在枪手中场的继任者丹尼尔逊 , 接到来自巴西国家队的一场呼吁 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在几个c.i.a官员中 , 知识到拘留和审核计划的详细细信息中 , 有一个紧张的辩论案 , 在处理条件下绘制线 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 开幕的名字告诉我们 , 萨姆拉伊被失业 , 并且在寻找工作的时候 , 走过农村 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很感激 , 深深地对他视力、发誓、dana和勤奋带来了佛教给美国带来了佛教 , 并且对所有的句子都有一定的意义 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	西蒙·埃尔森是反病毒公司诺顿的安全专家 , 强调反病毒公司经常改变密码 , 避免重复 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测量 , 钢烟的表面处理只有0.008个相对反射 , 吸收装置可以作为理想的涂料内部 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学学院的形象是中国传统自我改变为现代文化的特殊现象 , 具有特殊的美学价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制度是汉武迪的原始创作 , 是在秦汉汉官员监督控制的基础上 , 成功经验的基础上 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 周舒广的另一个博客 , 共享他的印象: " 这表明美国政府和北京完全不同的工作方式 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了促进铁矿在这些领域的应用 , 必须合成单体超磁性纳米粒子的高饱和磁化 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声波b和前室角镜检查 , 然后在眼前室角下提取外体 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理阿卜杜拉·巴达维正面临辞职的呼吁 , 经过他统治联盟失去了关键的地方 , 反对党一般选举 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在电影之前 , 摄影师在波斯尼亚佐戈维纳的战争困难中穿过了博西亚战争的难题 , 因为他扔掉了电影 , 赢得了他奖项的影片 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	综述了转化反应器衍生物的结构活性与药理性能 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九九条代理的义务遵循指令 ; 指令的偏差应根据本指令处理信任事务 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自那以来 , 我们的双边关系使两方的努力感谢 , 两国在顶部和其他级别有频繁的联系 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 拉迪克普拉利亚粉末的综合应用价值逐渐提高了工业生产的官方和原材料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他是他家里唯一的工人提供物质的手段 , 或是他是一个全职学校的学生 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	结果 , 分支的厚度对青年树有很大的影响 , 与其生存率、生长条件以及年轻图树的商业率有直接关系 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本文描述了激励导速度对心脏节奏影响的定量仿真 , 三维实际扭转几何模型 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的克隆生长架构、古拉拉和法兰克斯 , 被认为是研究克隆人群的最佳材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯皮德是纽约世界贸易中心的重新开发的主要规划者 , 预计将面临多年延迟和重大成本超越运行 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃免费ampoule包含一个pice模拟聚乙烯或聚丙烯单元 , 直到用户激活之前仍然是完整的和密封的 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对当时中国医学教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者的信 " 是保持中医教育的主要内容 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和拉切尔·霍夫曼曾在四个月的慈善男子中心委员会工作 , 在地震中受到少数伤害 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与世界相比 , 中国的牙齿衰退的发生并不高于初中学生的学生 , 但更显著的是 , 是缺乏时间处理 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口增长约1% , 近40%的增长是因为外国出生的个体来到美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	诺欧国家突出欧洲危机的损害 , 已经对其经济做出了严重的影响 , 并通过17个国家单一货币领域对行动的紧急需求进行限制 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	18.07%的ip饮食中 , 显著的氮消化率与饮食ip水平的二次曲线关系和最高的n消化率发生在18.07% 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	另外 , 吉利亚还透露在访问期间 , 在很多电影中 , 大多数喜欢 " 超越我们的肯尼 " , 她甚至有这部电影为最佳女演员黄金提名 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是稳定发展 , 禁止赢得的原则 , 在变化的行业和市场中 , 他们正试图采取丰富的活力和稳定的提升 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统 , 显而易见的林肯在紧急环境下被迫违反宪法 , 就像林肯在民间战争的外面悬挂了哈比亚公司 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人说 , 美国在生命上借钱 , 汽车不能卖掉 , 因为老妇人和谷歌六 " 经济危机 " 终于是最终被破坏了 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清楚动物研究与祖母的hip取代之间的联系 , 父亲的副手操作是婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至是宠物的照片 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk后移植失败的危险因素为角膜血管化、移植、假脂肪或假脂肪病 , 前或后同步症 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	几乎所有的东西都是消费的殿里 , 包括它的劳动布局和现在最常常常装饰其覆盖的名人 , 35 ) 按照销售的东西 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 事实上 , 从上流到下游 , 几乎每一部分都是印尼人:农民、工厂所有者、分销商、销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰在今天不会消失 。 直到今天 , 除非那些没有玩得多的球员 , 比如艾默森和桑德罗这样的球员离开了 , 还有谢夫切科和马里没有被声明 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对景观建筑设计案例的分析 , 阐述了引用的文献流变的意义 , 例如超波、理论和符号化 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了有效地捐赠花粉 , 动物污染的植物已经进化了各种颜色特征 , 花粉表示计划是其中之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定阅读我们参加赛后 , 我被失望阅读欧盟动机 , 但我不相信我们会遇到任何额外的障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	宾尼·辛德韦获得了22分 , 其中包括3秒左右的比赛赢得的比赛 , 作为奥兰多魔法击败了冠军休斯顿火箭9290 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	全球信贷策略师马丁·弗里森说: " 否则在cds或超safe资产中占有更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中之一是不用的土地 , 将增加森林覆盖率4.1% 。 水面前、公路、农田和其他绿色潜力在于1.919.27% 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说家的情况下 , 浪漫的视觉倾向于表达自己的形式 , 称为 " 浪漫 , 高度 , 情感和象征形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是2005年在德克萨斯州霍斯顿举行的第一次 , 我们收到了2000万美元 , " 兰回忆道 , " 这个数字超过了我们的期望 。 "
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 实际上 , 现在我没有什么能处理这些小伤害 , 比如汉姆string或groins应变 , 我可以理解他们 , " 26岁的孩子告诉官方赛季节目 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2 , 设置n到b或更高的更改内存布局-它不再使用分段d和f共享库 , 允许它们用于本地存储或mmapping 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但如今 , 如果我们在这方面修正反对文化的一个方面 , 那么它的神秘倾向和原则的功能 , 我们就不会对运动深刻的愤怒做出正义 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	该系统成功地测试了呼吸安全系统 , 利用紫外光照射杀死了某些细菌的9% 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 尽管南方的辩护和完整性超越了复兴 , 他的遗传封闭的方法限制了他对法院外部的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	吃:食物丰富在这个矿物中 , 因此有利于他们的饮食中包括:番茄、豆、棕色米、柠檬、橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	百度的财务总监jenniferli说: " 百度 , 中国音乐迷 , 记录艺术家和记录公司都会从这个赢得合作关系获益 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线的价格昂贵 , 第一家公司如此这样做 , 创伤成为美国唯一长距离服务的供应商 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	本文以二级板市场为研究对象 , 通过理论和经验角度分析了交易机制的目标、特点和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清除和反应阶段的患者 , 高级氨基氨基氨基转移酶和hbvdna水平 , 是抗病毒治疗的候选人 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 第四个城市的小天鹅 , 第二个销售海尔 , 占13% , 显然公司未来的表现将大大提高 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	13页和19页的子分类规定不需要在发布人参与一名发行证券批准 , 以公开批准其普通公司债券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	我们留下的一些事情是 , 例如jsp标记库支持gsp , 可能支持jpa作为插件 , 并对我们的单元测试基础设施进行改进 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	产品具有丰富的风味和蝴蝶纹理 , 传统上是法国圣诞节美味 , 尽管在整年的南方吃得更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次强调决策的重要性 , 组成和传递能力 , 因为球员需要知道在球场上运行时 , 还要干掉球 , 小心不要在球场上抓到 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道: " 坐在电视机上可能不会让孩子们看见 , 但是一个孩子可能会坐在电视机上 , 因为他或她近乎观察并不诊断 。 "
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 路沈承诺帮助库斯玛塔卡希拉从销售渠道出发 , 帮助路沈平长平岛结束了破坏规则地位 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次 , 冰岛形成于1962年 , 华德猎冰架在一座岛上 , 小块的冰岛变成了在这座岛之间的真正岛屿 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能工业炉的发展及应用试验 , 如加热炉、热处理炉和熔炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果一所大学毕业生从你从来没有看到过奇怪的学校 , 那么考虑英国最大的大学 , 大约有200 , 000名学生 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏对现实世界的经验和实践知识 , " 杨晓强说 , 高尔夫俱乐部的ceo , 他的工作人员在希望申请者的关键眼睛上显示出来 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 在美国和国际社会制裁的几年之后 , 美国和国际社会更老 , 卡扎菲同样的战斗结局似乎被西方重建 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c和保护下 , snp无释放的动力学对厚度空间结构的建设和空间结构的影响显著 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	利用 " 蔡云 " 特殊座位和卫生保护功能来克服使用摩托车座位的各种短缺和遗憾 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个重要因素构成了一个系统 , 科学操作可以产生良好的教学结果 , 这项科学操作也是新时代教学创新的措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	在这个殖民失败之后 , 巴特将军队的遗憾存在他个人帝国的星星毁灭者身上 , 恐怖逃往外部的军队领土 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监测器收集了有用的信息 , 例如在一个月内ecr状态调查事务的数量 , 地位的ecr数量等 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	在接受报告后 , 韩韩韩联合国事故总理约49分钟接受该报告后 , 当他在52分钟被国防部长塔尔在接受该报告之后 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	基于家庭的照顾团队由几个护士组成 , 他们每天早上跳进小卡车 , 走到社区 , 往往往往是真正的学院的健康需要 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	本体清洁剂的特殊喷涂系统实现了两个国家的水喷涂 , 从而提高了身体清洁范围和身体清洁程度 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	他们在机场的场景 , 飞机在跑道上 , 他们的笼子从飞机上走出来 , 正在广播日本公共广播电脑nhk 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一块金色的锁子 , 似乎很厚 , 但是在一个丑陋、紧密、紧密的、密的、细小的帽子下 , 疲倦了 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	根据150家商业调查 , 三分之二的调查显示他们的团体促进利润不过剩下三分之一声称在他们的团体经验上失去了钱 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安迪:是的 。 但是卡塔尔还可以穿着银牌 , 穿着巨大的骄傲 , 它真是一个黑马 , 它在另一半决赛中击败伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家 , 判断电影 , 指责张先生给亚洲演员戴蒙先生提出的一部分 , 应该去亚洲演员 , 一个叫做白洗的实践 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 像极端程序和敏捷发展这样的概念使得很多同样的好处 , 没有一个完整的人们在代码上取得了很多相同的好处 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在矩阵组织的情况下 , 研究风格组织和非边界组织今天已经蘑菇了 , 我们的选择应该根据给定的环境和目标 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	风味包含许多香料 , 猪肉rib产品和脱水的春洋葱 。 根据不同的味道添加一些香味 , 口味会很美味和香味 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	此外 , 这种自由主义双重的标准伤害了韩国人民的感觉 , 另外 , 在学术意识上骑着粗糙的走过来 , 改变了历史的真正面貌 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这永远不会是 , 永远不会知道这个存在的继续 ; 当时 , 时间在离开的列表中加入我们的时候 , 当然这位朋友会活着我们的身份到天堂 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 那些在36岁的移动网络下 , 希望支付它 , 年轻的成年人期望手机内容尤其是音乐和视频是免费的 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号在非常高频率下采样 , 用两个采样之间的差异来得到数字信号 , 比如sigmadelta码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	因为他们像我一样 , 我想 , 没有改变我总是有成功的 , 个性是现实的 , 但我喜欢一个阴影 , 让我在这里 , 真的是我的错误的页面 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年之后 , 填充物表面的元素汞的95%已经经过化学反应 , 成为硫化物 , 一个黑色的固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18个公园位置 , 拥有18个公园的紧急柴油发电机和电器设备 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	ustream , 活动视频流畅服务 , 最近打击主流的shibau小狗 , 只是宣布了水刷 , 一个新的白色标签流动视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:socket、电路断路器、dcjack、数字开关、dip开关、mi滤波器、useholder、hook开关、关键开关、推动开关...
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他有超过10年的数字媒体生产经验 , 与视频工作 , 还有影像和声音 。 他很广泛地旅行 , 追求长期的社会和环境问题 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于卡斯托尔的赛跑历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳发动机性能在最艰难的干燥条件下增加加加速度 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	国民平均价格上涨四美元 , 最高的平均价格如阿拉斯加、加州、加州、康涅狄格州、华盛顿州 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米体系的小尺寸必须考虑普通外部领域的强度 , 使导电性公式考虑非线性反应非常重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可保护h2o2受伤的内皮细胞 , 可能在预防和治疗缺血再灌注方面有一定的作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	讨论了利用头空气色谱法测定酒精醚硫酸盐含量的1 , 4-二氧含量的方法 , 讨论了头空间因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	因此 , 服装温暖的浪漫新家庭 , 温暖而过度流动婚姻床 , 自然成为优先的一家 , 传统的部门店在床上 , 所以搅拌池塘 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	根据其它生理现象的频率滤波 , 降低室内节点的频率 , 提高了室内节点的频率 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常检查特定的规则集合 , 您可能希望在您自己的规则文件中结合它们 , 如清单2所示 , 这个规则设置进口基本、名称和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年3月14日 , 一名警察在东京的国际鲸船委员会举行抗议时 , 一名绿色太空成员们穿着鲸鲸 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	利用比较优势解决了我国食品供应和需求的平衡问题 , 巩固现有食品市场的长期和稳定出口 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	总结了高桥墩裂纹在控制和预防措施中对铁路政策的类型和原因 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为了防止和解决贸易者群体 , 必须扩大公民参与 , 改革行业治理结构 , 共识建设机制的兴趣 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北阴凤之外 , 六个绝对是寺庙 , 还有一些强大的钻井 , 地狱运动了十宫绅士 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨三叉神经疾病患者csr2辅助体系的微观解剖和临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称 。 戈尔德 。 戴尔德 。 戴着粘贴的线条和观看zany图片的困惑 , 同时学习比例、匹配、尺寸和对称性 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到石油和气使它丰富 , 开始于20世纪60年代 , 这个小型、规模化、胰岛半岛大小的一座城镇 , 让单独有一座大小的城镇 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另外一个观点是 , 斯切尔先生正如卡梅隆先生所说的那样 , 一个 " 革命主义 " , 同时也是一个逐步的主义者 , 她的目标往往没有广告他们 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	1991年退休后 , 他保持了一个低档档案 , 尽管加拿大了奖项 。 他是由妻子幸存的 , 高度声称北京剧歌手江静 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	根据这项研究显示 , 世界上最受欢迎的网站facebook , 成员花了205亿分钟 , 增加了3.1%的56% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	在一个特别恶意的批评中 , 所谓的sctymuus , 匿名的anglican对手攻击不仅是这些六名新闻部长 , 而且攻击milton 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个不知名的原因 , 有时候 , 他的推广到了祖国阿德米尔 , 他坐落在地球宇航局的皇宫里 , 他帮助在精英皇家飞行员训练 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的入口形式和女性 , 明星巴克制约妇女从开放的平衡和麦当劳的制造者和女性队列分别为其手术 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子会从最高的原子轨道出来 , 那就是能量最高的能量 , 因为这将是最高的能量 , 因为这将是至少有大量的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我爱来到我身边的时候 , 当我身体的颤抖和我的眼睑滴下来 , 夜晚的黑暗 , 风吹出灯光 , 和云朵在明星上画了下来 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你 , 很糟糕的是 , 希望永远会是 , 谷歌搜索结果不好 , " 承认 , 谷歌同事在博客上写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	尼桑的首席创意官shironakamura表示 , 该研究室将 " 提高我们的产品竞争力 , 汽车产业继续看到鲁棒的增长 " 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用这枚手臂时 , 请仔细打开颈部和pipette10ml的ampoule , 然后从ampou中分开到250毫升的体积平板 , 然后通过纯化的水来进行体积 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不能再看到像猪银行一样的恐惧 , " 格洛萨克逊历史的当局凯文·莱耶说 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过分析不同的超元衰减过程 , 给出了重量超元生产率和最终超元极化的衰减公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数局部麻醉学都是相对水文分子 , 这些分子通过扩散到或透过细胞膜来获得它们的阻塞网站 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用加强钢纤维加强混凝土梁81试验和66个加强钢筋纤维加强sc梁的试验结果来确定模型中的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	网站还使用开源博客服务器apacherollerweblogger版本4.0.0.12、mysqltm数据库服务器和mecached的自定义版本 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	比萨尔望着600米高的建筑 , 在水和能源中自足 , 被贝尔吉亚设计师维尼斯·卡尔勒巴特认为是基于纽约罗斯福岛的 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 盒子 " 仍然坚持这个迷人胶原的专辑来解决水中出现的外观 , 更好地告诉大家这个产品和瑜伽饮料的味道 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	鉴于其对抗慢性日常头痛或张力型头痛的前列腺癌的鼻部和肌肉收缩的影响 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母的行为放在体重规模的侧边 , 那么你决定如何建立健康的自尊vs.低自尊度 ?
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	" 他说 , 时间是最大的问题 , 中央当局对当地政府的一般原则来说 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法被证明 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	上面的这个虚拟彩色图像 , 上面的大峡谷 , 显示了由科罗拉多河创建的分形图像 , 红色指示了图像中植被区域 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 没有地球化石痕迹迹到狗类的前任 , 而遗传分析发现了鲸类最近的亲属性 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	每个教室或工作坊占据一个不同的体积 , 允许周围的环境从整个院子看到 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	" 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 的发展在二十世纪末 , 影响人们作为全球化时代新兴学科 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的封闭相比 , 标准封闭使人们能够在标准数字模式编写邮政编码 , 提高邮政工作人员排序效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规格的水珠、南阳珠、新鲜水珠、珠、半孔松珠、3/4松梨珠和完成珠宝 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高建筑设计中的生态、效率、经济财富负责和义务 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	根据质量波孔数据 , 分析了银宁盆地中侏罗系煤层分布特征、煤层分布特征、煤层性、煤层组建期 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	在两阶段球道导弹上应用最大轨道优化 , 给出了一种基于数字和表的原始和最佳轨迹比较 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开放源项目的基本原因 , 而非关闭资源部门的一些技术秘诀 , 就是我们没有兴趣在销售或支持它的业务中 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	一些物种在洪水季节被淹没 , 只有一些高度的草草生存 , 属于草原和草原的主要物种 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	他们每个人都拿到了他的同胞 , 把他的剑扔在他的同胞的旁边 , 所以他们一起下来 , 所以 , 所以 , 所以 , 地方叫helkathazzurim , 这是基本的 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述了一系列未经破坏的ias患者 , 由神经外科医生在 " 内血管时代发起一种专门的脑血管病例 。 "
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	政府为城市和农村提供的公共货物的不平衡已经成为影响城市和农村区间的深化原因 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过对液压力液压液压系统驱动的电缆购物的权利和侧向 , 指出了液压系统存在的问题 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 外国批评家们会看到今天的数据 , 并争论更强的元获益 , " 香港基于香港的经济学家bnsimpendorfer说 。
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行的比例说 , 它的比例是9月底的11.6% , 9月底的其他两家大银行的数字比其他两家大银行更低 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于子处理和滤波后投影算法 , 以估计广泛适应图像中心的对象散射中心的异常控制方法 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我正在北达科塔的一个孩子时 , 我母亲为她的五个孩子做了烹饪袋子 , 她把热带从锅里拉出来 , 把他们放在纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于排放温度、完成铣床和盖层温度的影响 , 考虑了在热轧厂实践中的轧制部分和表面级之间的约束 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一家90亿美元的律师认为 , hsbc两次雇佣kpmg , 一个会计公司 , 探讨madof先生 , 但在提高关心时 , 银行失败行 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	除了等待伦敦的消息 , 还是从母亲的一些国家悲剧中抽出来 , 爱和嫉妒 , 在这里 , 整个故事都在他之前 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟的业务 , 他曾参观过奥古斯塔 , 一百英里的萨凡纳河 , 他已经进入了这座城市的内陆 , 远远远离那座城市的老城镇 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	陕西省农药病毒病毒的调查和鉴定结果显示 , cmv、tmv、pv、tev、bbwv和bbv的一部分是混合感染 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	据报道 , 19世纪监狱的lax条件 , 一个马菲亚神父被报道为他生日与香槟和洛伯斯特庆祝他的生日 , 获得了 " 爷爷饭店 " 的nick名字 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997.111年 " 暂时管理基金 " 执行以来 , 我国安全基金已经得到了迅速发展 , 结果很短 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	在1610年 , 印度西部一城镇的炸弹东北部 。 建立在他皇帝荣誉中 , 阿尔桑兹伯的一座墓地附近 。 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主要的课程选择外 , 波尼俱乐部还提供了一种反映中海和海鲜影响如奥斯特、萨尔蒙和普拉文字的塔帕斯选择 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另一位见证人yuri告诉俄罗斯国营第一通道电视说 , 震浪已经强烈把他扔到地板上 , 把他的帽子吹出去 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列表示 , 军队在攻击之后只使用他们的手枪 , 并发布了一部视频显示军队从直升机中下降到一群用棍和俱乐部的人群 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	本文以9种生态类型的日本稻线为材料 , 分析了f1杂交的主要品质特征 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	印度工作的一个人类学家ruthfreed发现 , 印度的家庭住在查德加尔的房子里 , 用窗帘来分离男女的空间 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了理解投资问题外 , 他的心理健康和物质滥用主任谢克哈尔萨克森纳说 , 低收入国家有很少的精神健康专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言的相对优势往会变成宗教战争 , 因为很多程序员确定为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	一个白人学生作为一个研究参与者 , 评论了一个黑人参与者的评论 , 当他简单地离开房间时 , 这个评论显示出来自中度到极端种族污染 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论腹腔切除术中只有超临床脂肪的缝合 , 同时在腹腔切除术中放置橡胶排水是一种简单、有效的防止肥胖患者脂肪液化作用的方法 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同npt的氧供应和氧需求的重要因素 , 但在恢复时间的时候 , 体温变化是影响体温变化的重要因素 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	据北京日报道 , 北京警方预计将在国内暴力交往立法者 , 以保护妇女权利和利益的法律 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 多糖酶明显改善了大豆饮食纤维双糖的加工工艺 , 确定了多糖酶的最佳范围 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	菲什说 , 希腊银行在东南欧和土耳其加入收入多样化 , 但这来自于更多挥发的经济 , 一些也经历了衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河道追踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀升 , 面向户外的幸存 。 游戏中的许多技巧 , 一个过渡团队只是个人成员 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	比尔伯利是蓝莓的亲戚 , 被称为黑色的紫色 。 比尔伯利自然包含甲醇 , 帮助支持健康的眼睛功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	毫无疑问:微软与窗口7.即使在beta形式上 , 公司的新桌面os正在从博客界的所有角落收集收集 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	疲倦和可预测的答案如 " 我是一个艰难的工人 " , " 我是由新机会在工作面试上学习 " 的 ? 你应该考虑奇怪的问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	冯玉54 , 是浙江省辽州农业研究院开发的一种新型dica杂交稻组合 , 是浙江省林海种子站 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们要问s2 , 以s2为给出 , s1最大化这个表达式和回答的绅士说 , 我会分类 , 然后我将设置相等于0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他的主要课程转移齿轮 , 玉花了大部分时间在学校准备进入考试人力资源毕业生的第四年 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺乏是心理描述的概念 , 可以在动作、rub描述的作用下 , 另外 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 本文将看起来更加活跃 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一家专业的电缆制造商 , 国王信号的产品主要服务移动通信、数字微波通信、航空、多媒体和军事 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	第五章探讨了tsimshathantsui的南桑路文化融化锅 , 设置另一个wongkarwai电影 , " 春庆表达 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 主体的生命标志稳定 , 代谢支持显著 , 表明:我们构建的生物官方肝支持体系是安全、稳定、有效的 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在左边 , 缺乏可见性 , 激励公司的实际措施意味着改变努力永远不能实现政策制定者的成功 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	一种湿磷酸净化萃取液的方法包括:第一步 , 利用热水浸出和提取有机溶剂 , 然后清洗热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品的设计基于16世纪欧洲和其他eras的古典线路 , 可以修改和结合个体客户的欲望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	蔡元北是一个伟大的思想家 , 教育家和革命家 。 从思想、词和行为中 , 我们可以知道他的伟大思想 , 哲学家的性格和伟大的男性 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	恒水湖发展生态旅游的优势是环境、植物、野生动物、历史和文化 , 我们也必须注意到一些问题 。 首先 , 注重整体分布 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双带rna生产后描述基因沉淀技术 , 改变油厂主要脂肪酸相对比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据《人民日报》报道 , 中国继续成为世界上第二大经济 , 与日本每天的1.42万亿美元的gdp相比 , 与日本的1.37万亿美元相比 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	民族反恐委员会表示 , 特殊部队杀死了2名军事和拘留者 , 而且在莫斯科郊区发生了第三个人 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道染色和电子显微镜观察了脊髓前角形态学变化的典型模式 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:分别对164名患者进行康复教育、心理劝说娱乐活动和各种心理学支持进行分类 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 分析了赵永明明的诗歌写作生命意义 , 证明诗人能够实现观察的女性角度 , 以及其价值 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行积极对贫困国家财政部长的贷款负担严重损失困难、急性失业和后果的内部不安 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以在大程度上存储在目标区域 , 结果表明 , 非目标区域的ap密度可明显降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	通过多个角度的运动缓慢的反馈证据 , 风格的遗传已经没有迅速 , 他准备到niu卡方面对歉意 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	泉江流域水污染主要来源于国内废水 , 然后非点源污染也是产业污染的重要组成部分 , 水污染也很少 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文试图通过对儒家、道教、摩西等思想的影响分析 , 探讨民间主义思想的文化根源 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一种修复的组织表现为hyaline、平滑平滑、平滑平滑、胆固醇细胞 , 与周围本地软骨融合的区域更成熟 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	探讨椎体和肺脂肪栓塞的关系 , 以及pvp中水泥注射速度与pmma泄漏的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	2007年8月12日.bae系统展示了国家防御工业协会的力量和能源同志的原型模块电力系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国冶金集团公司的代表代表 , 访问了一家铜矿的网站 , 位于中国前卡布尔东南部的阿尔卡达 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态最高、快速的处理速度 , 健康的皮肤细胞 , 表面有3倍以上公式的非酸皮肤精制剂 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	夏迪房间的高高玻璃是如何欢迎的 , 向头环绕着颜色 , 外面的太阳的坟墓是海外的 , 和尘埃燃烧的道路 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿下演报道了利比亚叛乱运动中的分裂 , 哈尔哈尔说 , 她是第一次 " 纳塔拉伯联盟 " 提供军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	由于lbj的 " 伟大的社会 " 等等 , 一个 " 自由 " 的 " 自由 " 的人是一个声称荣耀的人们 , 为了避免财政和支出其他人民币 " 自由 " 的投票 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	自2003年开始以来 , 由微软的创始人保罗·艾伦创建的保罗·艾伦承诺了500万美元 , 艾伦学院已经组装了一个较少详细的人类大脑alas 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦人谈判员萨布·埃雷克特说: " 今天结束时 , 决定和平是两个并行轨道 。 以色列不能在同一时解决和平 。 "
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇人说 , " 世界上只有一条路 , 你永远不会重新救他们 , 你一定要在整个年里沉默 , 不管说话也不会笑 。
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	开山羊欢迎所有的商人参加全民主、自主、热爱、潜在的生活改革 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	今天的查瑟姆家庭研究显示 , 非法的监测已经在过去十年的卡梅隆、印尼和巴西亚阿马逊和巴西阿马逊之间下降了50到75% 。
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺一起住在一起更好或更糟糕的那些 , 为了更糟糕的或更糟糕的病人 , 在健康中 , 荣誉和珍惜 , 直到死亡 , 直到死亡的部分 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京 , 17年1月17日 , 15日中旬 , 新华 , 匈牙利首都布达佩斯 , 一个拥挤的碟子夜间停滞 , 死亡了三个女性 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	如果你选择雇佣移民代表的移民代表 , 检查cic的网页移民代表 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学拒绝的实践特点 , 内在是批评与建设的方向 , 是实践解决的基本问题 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究了自动生成地质剖面和断裂的系统 , 同时也可应用gis函数 , 分析了自动生成地质剖面和断层的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从新的角度 , 提出了一种基于遥感图像的多个特征分析方法 , 以克服基于pixel的分析方法的局限性 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会进入了汽车增长的峰时期 , 汽车所有者在车里花了更多时间 , 从汽车到危险人民健康的空气污染不能忽视 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph基本发明活动、降低功率、总磷化合物的总量、抑制剂对羟基和超氧化亚胺基本氧化物的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , 机器人还向中国介绍了其他先进的产品 , 包括主批、导电化合物、喷墨颜色、气凝和特殊钻井液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	然而 , 智能网格或精密农场 , 在哪些机器通知另一个机器后来决定 , 显著减少能源使用 , 因此 , 温室气体污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	这个任务 " 找到和看病人记录 " 可能被大多数组织所使用 , 而任务 " 创建和更新病人记录 " 可能只被承认和前台员工所使用 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	采用结构光线的范围发现技术的主要缺点是 , 无法通过抽取相机获得无视点的数据 , 或者不能被光源照明 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件doclet.tc.xml被引用为该插件的内容表 , 这个文件将为eclipse左板的层次信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	提出了许多隐私存储算法 , 包括相关规则、分类、聚类等 , 但几个算法都是外部检测的 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女性和男性在很多简单的任务上工作时 , 比如搜索一个关键或操作简单的数学问题时 , 女性也显著表现出男性 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	上周 , 欧扎瓦联盟的129名律师支持埃德纳诺计划 , 上次投票对韩国党领导人进行选举 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改善常规免疫功能:合作关系集中于减少贫困和措施等疾病 , 也有助于建立新的和现有疫苗交付更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	gbagbo的出口是不可谈判的 , 西拉莱昂总统的发言人 , 他是西非联盟的首席执行官 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育可能不需要这项职业生涯 , 但你可以在门里获得足够的前景 , 更好地在汽车和柴油技术项目中培训基本培训 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了更换健身金卡 , 请通过区休闲服务办公室或体育中心提交25美元的卡片 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	大中椒 " 大辣椒 " , 肉 , 厚厚 , 色彩丰富 , 丰富的香味丰富 , 味道丰富 , 味道丰富 , 具有 " 中国名法 " 的声誉 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:对天津10所医院急性感染的253例acb患者的临床资料及抗生素耐药性进行了综述 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	本文简要介绍了水生表面和降渣的原理 , 简要综述了近年来水生表面制备的新途径和最新进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效率和精确分类改善了地层磨削效率的磨削效率 , 从而提高了系统321矿石输出的跑步矿石 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我正在寻找一个 " 外出 " 的时候 , 我正在被湖江打开 , 为我出生的女儿带来了灵活的计划 , 现在已经有5个月了 。
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	额外的清洁技术可以使用无针塑料同步来清洗牙体 , 中压水或柔软洗涤 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	美元标志教授总是宣布最新的革命管理技术的出生 , 或者最热门的 " 吸尘器 " 的发现 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	周二的swoon在8月份的一份报告显示 , 美国制造业在8月的第一次回到了超过一年半的扩张 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	加利福尼亚大学建筑系主席玛丽·卡里奥说 , 建筑是最乐观的职业 。
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	该设计由法国建筑师jacquesrougerie , 一个基于水的建筑工程的老兵 , 并被联合国文化机构unesco支持 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放的左空间 , 四位创始人在桌子中间站在屏幕上 , 四个是samyagan、c.o ;
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 , 利用matlab软件对自适应梁形成和da的服务算法进行了分析 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	指定两个双层单元和一个双层单元作为每个lcs无人工表面车辆开发的通信设备包的一部分 , 以实现这些战争任务 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 拉图捐赠了他所有的负面、专辑、摄像机和个人日记到法国 , 从这些照片和文本中 , 我们发现了一个超凡和优雅的生活故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	气压下降 , 所以气压下降 , 如拖动和抬升等 , 最终导致球速度快 , 比下降更直 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	由msci测量的世界股票 , 本周高达51/2周 , 投资者将近几十亿美元的现金转移到一年的风险点 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	全地介绍和具体的分析对学生运动和教师手册的概念、选择、组织和表示进行了阐述 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你太疲惫了 , 离开房子的限制 , 卸下电话 , 锁着门 , 打击帽子 , 整个周末在家里花了整个礼拜 , 完全没有什么 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	就像辽一样 , 一个早期的亚洲内部地区 , 丛林保持了一个中国风格的官僚制度 , 以规定内部亚洲的后果和部落国家 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 它感觉像你一样熟悉 , 比如在麦达拉烹饪一道柠檬盘 , 以及在熟悉周围的奇怪感觉 , 比如东京今晚 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林罐闭塞的增加 , 平均高直径也增加 , 但单位面积的数量减少 , 更新拆除的变化从任务到均匀 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含人皮过敏反应、非毒、无害、无味、左、右gm的任何天然乳液组分 , 拉出良好的耐用性和良好的粘附性 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	卡梅里塔·蒙蒂尔 , 一个二十岁的弗吉恩 , 刚刚洗澡在橙色的花水里 , 正在把玫瑰叶扔在皮尔·特内拉的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们在这里使用这样的工具来增长自己的twitter出现 , 以及在每天的基础上 , 学习了关于twitter最好的实践和工具最好的工具 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以产生特异的免疫反应 , 主要通过激活肿瘤抗原 , 尤其是抗肿瘤特异性抗原 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	从冰淇淋和瓶装水到电灯、汽车和航天器都引起了众多生命交换发明 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月末 , si发表了他的指责 , 新线程网站 , 这是中国研究社的著名知识 , 暴露伪科学和学术误导 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	无论病理成果或病毒特异性cd4t细胞反应急性检测hcvvin感染患者 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我还感谢布鲁斯·李先生的家庭为他们的全心支持 。 李先生的窗户林达 , 个人帮助制定一个前居民的布局计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	2005年 , shin的前一努力包括 " 专辑 " 感谢......最特别的选择 " , 后来 " 疲劳 " , 但他最新的攻击 , " 这是我第一张专辑作为一个独立的专辑 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市 , 运动模块已经从当地政府中获得了稳定的承诺 , 作为他们的足球、篮球、球队和球队法郎建立新的宫殿 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于瓷器是陶瓷 , 所以玻璃类似 , 它的表面平滑而不像旧的粘结材料一样 , 它不会被染色咖啡、茶、红酒或烟雾吸收 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉范泰格林设计是一家来自澳大利亚的国际采购商 , 需要购买的产品类别包括纺织材料、家具、家具、礼品、陶瓷、装饰品等 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重的绝对增长、前肢体重、身体长度、前肢长度、后肢长度、后肢长度、刷长和第三脚长度均显示了正常分布的模式 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	在西班牙、意大利和希腊的文化立体型上 , 有一个旧的 " 南南 " 分裂部分与荷兰、卢森堡和德国关键的西班牙、意大利和希腊一起工作 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式也参加了王启山 , 王建华 , 王建华 , 美国副总统约伯登 , 国务卿克林顿等陪同员工 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	兰丁的思想充满了传统心理治疗的心理观点 , 让人们查询这些基本假设 , 判断了他们的生活和思想 , 留下了心理实践的标志 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰·莱德罗·格里米在西纳官方网站上讲述了对米兰的下一场比赛: " 是的奇怪 , 但是现在我在西娜赢得了这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验表明 , stca在stca前产生的2年模型具有预测精度95.8%的内样本和93.3%的外样本 , 同时通过改进的方法97.5%和90% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	他说: " 这项预算对我国未来的债务增加了更多的债务 , 当乔治华盛顿是总统 , 通过弗兰克林·罗斯福和林登约翰逊和乔治·布什 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	奥巴马武装了一个 , 看到你的巨大的脸部和眼睛 , 手臂 , 腿部 , 脚部 , 脚部 , 脚部 , 外面的胃部 , 所有的行星都是恐惧 , 所以我这样做 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	它还有高级教师 , 所有有外交学位 , 其中包括一个与国家关键教师冠军 , 两个与北京关键教师冠军 , 六个与厦城关键教师冠军 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	介绍vti媒体的宏观速度模型与当前速度估计方法一致 , 同时可以同时适应异性、弱异性和强抗逆性 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , ptp1b相对ir的表达水平或活动都会影响胰岛素签名并且可能有助于胰岛素抵抗在i型糖尿病中观察到的胰岛素抵抗 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国首席执行官阿里斯托尔·达林在离开11号下街的时候 , 他的总理红色调查箱拥有他的部长红色调查箱 , 路径将年度预算交给共同的房子 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	用mt法测定了nk细胞的杀死活性 , 并用直接免疫荧光法测定了t细胞子群d4+、cd8+的增殖速度 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园大概是扬尔多的房子 , 真正的湖泊 , 全部设备高端家具 , 所有礼物 , 地主有益 , 沟通 , 贵贵贵贵族气体 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在精子和卵巢中 , 证明钙信号在一系列复杂的过程中具有很大的作用:接收、环境反应、卵母成熟、培养等 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南东选用的猪肉菜 , 添加新鲜的鸡蛋比例 , 纯蘑豆淀粉 , 姜和小的磨削芝麻油 , 搅拌成粉碎 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	突尼西亚的选举和前利比亚领导人穆罕默尔·卡扎菲的戏剧贬值 , 推动了伊朗赞助的情节 , 以减少沙特的嫉妒到华盛顿 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icsbtv是上海媒体集团广播有限公司和ics开发的一个崭新的广播电视客户机 , 使人们看到ics的复制程序 , 两者都是免费的 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 阿马拉北部的埃塞俄比亚城镇 , 1896年决定打败意大利人士 , 以确保埃塞俄比亚独立的认可 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是 , 在这个例子中 , 只有你才能意识到 , 有些更多的思想和智能运动 , 我不会说智能设计 , 智能设计可以更有效地解决这个问题 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	意大利媒体周二报道 , 罗马4月7日袭击中央意大利的强大地震 , 至少150人死亡 , 受伤大约1500人 , 大约7万人无家庭 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事官 , 摧毁者的帆船员 , 编码ddg169武汉 , 重点对快速响应、检查和模拟攻击进行了全面的运动 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗在所有这些东西中消息都是 , 我没有做错事 , 我只是在这里遵守法律 , 我在这里 , 为了尊重我民族和民族群体的传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	像以前的攻击一样 , 星期三在香港忙碌的北点区的事件显然从附近的高层建筑中扔进了一座拥挤的购物区 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	就业水平最终是由集团需求决定的 , 而集团需求则由中央银行认为经济不能承担 , 没有嫉妒稳定的价格决定 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究主题每周吃蔬菜全部食物 , 每天从脂肪中10%的热量 , 每天走30分钟 , 使用压力减少技术 , 每周到一组 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街道堆积共存 , 各种手工方式 , 拥有ivory和木雕雕刻的数字 , 虫鸟 , 花 , 生命类似 , 是游客购物场所 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究旨在描述正常台湾成年人正常强度标准 , 探讨老年、性别、高、体重、数字长度对平衡强度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州公路104个国家道路 , 北京上海铁路通过北部和南部运行 , 因为古代 " fdbwa3 " 9个省全面 " 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年代和1970年代 , 由于大规模363英尺的圣火箭发射阿波罗宇航员到月球上 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何在远山地区居住的迈奥妇女如何知道尹阳鱼 , 汉文化的典型象征标志标志 , 体现了所谓的阴阳哲学 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生表示 , 周二和周二 , 学生们在大学管理建筑外保持了几千名学生和平的示威 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严重执行第17届国会精神 , 为抗腐败工作和清洁、诚实的政府建设 , 6岁 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 商务部发布了 " 数千名农村 " 的 " 飞行员通知市场工作 " , 正式发布了 " 数千名农村 " 的市场工作 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	三星nx10运动了一个大型3.0 " 的屏幕 , 交付更明亮的和更清晰的lcd屏幕 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能导致极性冰帽融化 , 迫使人类住在船上 , 或者在海湾流停止 , 把纽约城转成巨大的冰管 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险微化原理 , 研究了误差penalty参数c和内核参数对矢量机通用化能力的影响 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过全名句子的分析和全名句子的概率逻辑体系 , 我们对全名句子的诱导性有很好的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的常规时 , 克里斯托弗·菲奇恩斯 , 一个极端主义者 , 显示 , " 当喜剧人在总统面前平台 , 他们成为法庭顾客 , 国家成为巴拿共和国 。 "
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	随着突尼西亚公债总经理詹姆尔·贝尔哈贾表示 , " 对于我们保持固定和浮动率债务管理我们的债务服务成本来说 , 这是非常重要的 。
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	设计访问发动机、柴油泵、齿轮箱、关闭、刹车、asd、sr、电气屋顶控制、dashel和ac/加热等电子诊断系统 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	律师协会应当根据律师法律、律师协会规定执行专业自律规定 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	在老年创伤患者中 , 认识循环功能不足 , 主要是由低血压引起的 , 但对心脏不足的鉴别有必要性 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们在社会和情感学习中谈到五个核心竞争 , " 自我意识、自我管理、社会意识、关系技能和责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 净化 , 水洗 , 屏幕 , 旋转鼓屏幕 , 喷气扩散器 , 泵 , 水过滤器 , 带过滤器 , 粉末排放泵和泵装置 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了基于nullcoupler的oadm的基本原理和仿真方法 , 尤其是在ybranch结构的交谈中 , 以及直接磨削的耦合性能 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治wbush , 正常在床上 , 托马斯·爱迪松 , 拿破仑 , 康多利亚西亚米斯 , 他在4.30米左右 , 最严重的海明威都是那些被称为拉克的人 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	通过酸性和碱性水解、氨基酸分析和tg方法 , 得出了某些相互交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 并敦促联合国对某些传统武器的约会 " 一个协议 " 的协议 , 所以为集群武器使用提供立法性 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 在经济价值的基础上 , 这些损失将进一步达到900亿美元 , 把总信贷损失在危机的整个时期 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	星期五 , 苏巴chai的评论来自美国代表家星期五将再次投票 , 将于星期一下跌700亿美元的救助计划 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可人希望向许可证人签署协议 , 为此提供资金 , 并且许可证人希望从许可证人、无签名、地理限制许可证获得 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	根据发酵的瑜伽小时 , 我们用新鲜的牛奶作为原料 , 添加了稳定剂 , 蜂蜜 , 精华和糖类进入它 , 以生产乳酸细菌的水果味饮料 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	诗人iannisritos曾经称为monmovasia " 一艘石头船 " , 而那些曾经访问过 " 被劫持的 " , 地球bea美 " , 这些 " 提供了 " 来自现实世界的新鲜逃离 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种情况发生时 , 胰腺产生更多的补偿 , 与胰岛素淹没血液流 ; 血液中胰岛素的高水平被链接到癌症 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	本专利支撑公式 , 在临床证明 , 男性激素调节的5个关键阶段 , 可以解决男性激素调节的5个关键阶段 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行资源表示 , 尽管一家完整的采取被看作是一个伸展的公司 , 但有些公司可能会在亚洲举行hp的竞争对手包括中国的lenov集团有限公司和台湾公司 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	讨论了西潭市农业结构调整的必要性和思考 , 根据农业现状的调查和分析 , 探讨了农业现状 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	光网、光互连、光学存储和激光印刷等单个基本模式垂直腔潜在应用 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年支出减少了1.3% , 在国防部推荐德国近几个军队基地 , 并从250 , 000到18万 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	邱林是新的 , 重量对她很好 , 但她在别人眼中是假定的 , </p><qulin去了董事 , 坚持自己 , 董事们欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	2008年的第四季度 , 严格等待着2008年的第四季度的增长数字显然显然像泥潭一样 , 大多数分析师们都在努力工作世界第三大经济的事情 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全面的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的破产法律 , 应该恢复当前缺乏个体破产的缺陷 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过模拟和修正 , 得到了更多精确的实验数据 , 得到了亚氨酸多米的校准曲线 , 最后得到了线性系数为0.995 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累答案 , 但是由于我正在提交 , x只是在它沿着的情况下保持x更多的负面 , 再次会产生无限循环 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	约伯登 , 副总统 , 回应共和党今天在与nbc采访中 , " 我听到了很多批评 , 但我从来没有听到任何东西 。
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一个独特的环境 , 山坡范围有较强的生活形式 , 然而 , 挑战为适应和进化提供必要的动机 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 可帮助葡萄糖等离子体的实验 , 具有理想的de值 , 可显著降低实验数量、节省人力资源、时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 所有东西都考虑主持罗伯特·西格尔问安东尼·卡内瓦 , 乔治敦大学教育中心的主持人 , 如果这个数字是正确的 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个person的业务 , 邀请你的荣誉或显著的其他人 , 一个信任的朋友知道你的业务 , 如果你可以为您的小时费用会计或监督 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国对能源的激烈欲望使国家在达到 " 俄比亚煤矿 " 的风险时 , 煤炭需求将扩大国内生产能力 , 越来越多专家相信 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了雕塑的陶瓷作品 , 虽然抽象根源于天然世界 , 但简单的曲线和绝缘形式探索生物形态和结构增长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节约计划被管理在儿童年轻时期非常积极的资产组合中 , 将其转换为一个更保守的资产组合 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中晚期粉末 , 成熟的水果是白色的皮肤 , 小的绿色 , 高明星 , 质量高 , 适合冻结的处理或烹饪粉末 , 早春种植 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国拥有4000家公司 , 根据百度资金签署的第一季度 , 在客户数量上 , 百度广告只有16万 , 0.4%的持有公司总额 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	越来越多的想法 , 看着雅虎开发商网络的采访 , 与nyt的桌面得菲里德、高级软件架构师聚集在一起 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在1990年的icrp建议中 , 介绍了一种新型的重量因子-辐射加权因子rr , 以取代吸收剂量平均值的质量因素q , 来改变吸收剂量平均值 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	介绍了一种基于拉长图信号全球闭合实例的连续语音信号的最大幅度标记匹配算法 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	利物浦经理在今晚拜林汉市访问前总统在六场比赛中总统 , 声称他是 " 100% " 的球队将开始攀升这个表 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这种技术来目标gm植物时 , 我们可以简单地识别并杀死事故发布的gm应变 , 没有打击传统的植物 , " 沈告诉scidev网 。
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上拖出来锻炼 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " billhopik在msu的一个相关心理学教授比尔·霍皮克说 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	虽然很多人继续识别黑眼睛 , 但zoller表示 , 它从来没有真正在审计风格 , 而且只要它也不适用太重 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	上海、深圳、广州和广州分别举行了12、22、23和23rd的中国城市 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	因此 , 即使选项提供的灵活性、反应性和可扩展性 , 更容易使用静态vxml文件 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然的焦虑 , 党的生活 , 我们的情感 , 智慧触动心灵 , 清新心灵 , 强烈的海啸 , 带来了多种品味 , 突然生活不合适 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata , 另一家大型采矿公司 , 在多米尼亚共和国的一家镍矿中停止运行 , 而在转换电力供应的同时 , 却比煤炭更昂贵 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据北京武陵山自然保护区的重要价值 , 可分为3种植物类型、5种植物类型、42种、139个协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的东西 , 因为如果你在宇宙直径附近的答案 , 那就是一个原子的直径 , 那么你就知道你可能会产生错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2010年1月15日 , 美国宇航局的太空热排放和反射辐射辐射器捕捉这些虚拟彩色图像 , 以及2003年1月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	由于schistoe基因组学、转录原理和蛋白质学的积累信息 , 深入了解生存单个分子的功能有很大的需要 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死海矿物提高皮肤细胞代谢减少肌肉裂纹和刚度 , 保护身体对流体损失和平衡酸碱水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司内容为硬化、正常化、温度高、介质温度淬火、金属炉淬火、水泥、时间冻结、高温冻结等 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	南东华大学南海洋化学工程系 ; 北华大学化学纤维和聚合物材料修饰国家重点实验室 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约:nasau县警察在周五在最好的购买电子商店外 , 标志着传统的购物季节的传统开始 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国帮助者罗德尼·克宁汉姆不负载低收入家庭的感恩节食品盒 , 他将得到一个盒子自己喂养他的四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 武镇拥有一种营养能源 , " 今年的剧院节艺术主任孟京惠说 , " 在内容和预算方面 , 他们给我们完全自由 。
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	经过欣赏展览之后 , 列先生买了几种南极的纪念品 , 查询了购买图片的业务 , 显示了对主人的作品的心情 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	分析了纤维级pt芯片在内部粘度、死乙烯甘油含量、熔点、羧基端组、聚合粒子和粉末等方面的分点检测结果 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在儿子之后 , 丰富的青绿色大小正在参与美丽 , 如玉的脸上发出了一阵光线 , 显示人们心中发出完美的生物智慧 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 元石庄皇家库布拉伊克汉在统一战争结束后 , 坚定发出了一个南方拆除城市墙后 , 严格禁止修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在离子直径管和上皮细胞中发现的 , 但移植动动脉均匀表达的igf1 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	多少人都是 " 第1谎言 " , 朱莉·琼森说 , 职业教练和作者 " 我不知道我想要的东西 , 但我知道这并不这样 。 " 我告诉客户不要把他们的薪水弄清楚 。 "
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	地方政府的预算包括在低水平下降的政府收入的收入 , 以及政府在高水平上受到资金或补贴 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	你可能会有一些愉悦、令人惊叹、光荣的小时 , 即使在贫困的房子里 , 设置阳光从上面的窗户中反映出来 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少20名当地马德拉萨学生已经消失了 , 大部分可能在阿富汗加入战斗 , 塔利班后卫甚至试图阻止传统音乐和舞蹈在婚礼上 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据中医学院呼吸分支诊断和程度的标准 , 选择81例中等支气管哮喘患者 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这是基于aix5.3的第一次出现的变化 , 当你不再需要将严格的maxclient转移 , 增加minfee和maxf免费 , 或者减少最小的 , 最大lient 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	cboe波动指数或维克斯.维克斯 , 华尔街所谓的恐惧规模下降 , 尽管当天早些时候 , 商人看到的原因更少 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教议会议会于1999年在澳大利亚卡普城举办会议 ; 2004年在巴塞罗那、西班牙、西班牙、下一次在澳大利亚举行 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在打击北美的尾巴赛季的尾巴 , 可能是病毒可能会彼此外并重复下秋天 , 但这给我们准备好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 每场比赛都很好 , " 拉姆奥多姆星期六在练习之后说 , " 所以我们下午10分钟左右 , 剩下六分钟 , 我们知道我们可以回来和赢得这场比赛 。 "
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , 建立和证明了进入企业客户系统的tmcs的工作流程过程依赖于gds的航空线订阅和服务功能 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	在一份声明中 , 保守消防队员签署了多年的交易 , 作为一个狐狸新闻的贡献者 , 电缆通道的执行副总裁比尔sh说 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	国际社会花了500万美元去银行投票 , 美国高级官员最近几周承认 , 美国政府将远远离完美 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	他们还补充说: " 因此 , 在设计研究中 , 需要考虑一种饮食习惯 , 以评价黄酮类食品、抗氧化活性和变性疾病之间的关系 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后我们说 , 如果你看到的元素 , 你也可以实现octet稳定性和电子转移 , 那么 , 如果你看到电子的元素 , 那么 , 电子的稳定性和小部分的电子 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效位置算法和误差估计 , 提出了基于切比shev地图的公钥方案的改进 , 并给出了一种基于切比shev地图的关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇胺、三甲醛、氨基甲醛和氨基甲基三聚糖制备了六种新型schiff基三聚糖 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带来了一些旧包装案件和破碎厨房椅的座位 , 以及那种类型的东西 , 然后把它们传播到rafter上 , 这样就要做一些地板 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 可口可乐南太平洋运营广告称 " 母亲和mybusing " , " 特色是澳大利亚女演员克里·阿姆斯特朗和声称科克是 " 孩子安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 人胚胎肺外交纤维细胞应变kmb17细胞的恶性转化可能有潜在的致癌性 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光在单晶硅薄膜基底上生长或单晶硅薄膜基底上沉积缓冲层上 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私立二级学校不可能成功地成功于自己的环境 , 吸引高素质的学生 , 学校必须有很高的质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论大鼠2的表达状况与胃心肌腺癌密切相关 , 她2的阳性表达是胃腺腺癌患者的预后指标 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcr对cxcr4mrna的表达进行研究 , 并采用流式细胞仪检测cxcr4表达 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	然而 , 纽约生活保险公司的表现永远不会错过华尔街预期 , 作为纽约的寿命保险公司提高了155亿美元的美国生活保险公司的资本 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	建立语言中的脚本 , 比如groovy或ruby , 更容易阅读 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马的秋天并没有毁坏了新文化的重要趋势和重要方面之一 , 罗马天主教会仍然成为新文化的中央事实 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西利先生 , 他领导了杜普 , 最大的联邦党 , 是一个80岁的抗议客户 , 他花费了他的生命宣布和共和党领导人这样的共和党领导人 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国的婴儿增长者正在被淹没到退休 ; 在欧洲 , 市场上 , 印度和中国大量的学生面积低了真正高质量候选人 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年 , 新生电影 " chinatown " 是根据投机者的内部土地抓住的 , 以及在20世纪30年代的欧文山谷居民战争水和权力的部门 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	针对gb/t230.62003指定的m11发动机试验台 , 研究了不同油层在空气输入阀和燃烧室内的试验方法 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果有几千多名海地人能够迁移 , 那些多米尼亚、荷兰或萨尔瓦多丹的数字表明 , 海地承诺将给海地经济带来巨大和持续的困境 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记住 , 中国拒绝向日本的游客 , 并且保持三分之三的日军武装力量 , 防止他们被转移到其他合作力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我想我说 , 尽管我不会把金融投入到我们的家庭 , 但志愿者的工作很重要 , 但我做的很多人都付出了很多钱 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回到大气更加尴尬 。 </p><11周 , 雨碗和一起吃 , 两个人在老周感觉好信号 , 如果某个人觉得自己的耳朵很好 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	相对新活动团体 , 比如英国不切入将加入传统政治参加 , 包括贸易联盟 , 以及继续核、绿色和草根群体 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	在平北地区的均衡温度由双峰特征 , 其中至少有两次水碳填充在平湖形成储层中出现 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	这种流体很热 , 由上奥多维奇古老古生物温度升高50°c , 至少增加了奥多维奇32倍碳酸盐岩的氢生成率 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	本文研究了高温蒸汽对绿茶中的gcgg含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧形轨迹的几何模型 , 并给出了其分析解决方案 , 提出了一种新的目标攻击算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我的观点中 , 有一个晚宴会可以加强朋友的友谊 , 但不会忘记我们不应该在外面放弃别人的痛苦 , 而享受自己 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	展览的各种功能:会议室、信息发布室、食品站、广告列等12个透明橙色圆柱 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中海文化年礼物 , 全球文化大使最后将举行在印度海洋美丽的阿希拉哥国家海洋学院珍珠举行 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业馆在城市文明馆附近很近 , 日本总是注意参加世界博览会 , 当然它不会失望你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧、东欧、澳大利亚、中东、中东亚、东南亚和美国 , 我们每月都有规定的货物 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三百五十二条选项合同的有限订单可以立即执行订单 , 或者必须立即执行完全或其他条款 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的忠诚为他的主权 , 玉蒙玉是一位诗人 , 学者和著名部长 , 他相信在朝鲜和韩国的儒家主义 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	女性的服装 , 配套 , 夹具 , 夹具 , 擦拭裙 , 裙子 , 分开的裙子 , 裤子 , 圣经和手镯 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	具有 " 大感 " 的业务正在绘制一个声音 , 作为良好的信仰者或未来的蓝色印刷的描述 , 或指出未来的一代疯狂 ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	结果发现 , gekkogecko可能提高患者的卵巢功能不良等 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的探讨用电图检查法提高脑复位损伤的诊断率和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	结合一些工程实例 , 计算了桥导航宽度可导航的计算和分析 , 提出了几种建议 , 实现现当前导航标准 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 乌拉队在这支乌拉队中留下了更令人惊讶的 , 马西佩里拉的伤病时候打击将最后一分钟的比赛转化为荷兰的防守者 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月27日出生的波音歌手玛丽娅·凯耶出生于1970年3月27日 , 到爱尔兰裔美国歌手和非洲venevenezelan工程师父亲 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地部队的平静利亚松官员称他们可以面临假设 , 如果他们的旗帜飞出并打击一个行星或一个循环列表 , 就会伤害他们 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 随着以色列六天的战争记忆 , 以色列新鲜的思想 , 他因为亲吻一位犹太妇女 , 巴布拉·斯蒂里斯德 , 在影片里 , 他造成了四分之一的伤害 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄站在远处 , 小溪流穿过软绿谷 , 所有关于海洋的知识 , 就像人类暴雨和激情的三年的孩子一样少 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品不仅表达了郁郁郁闷的历史 , 而且不稳定的ci诗歌不稳定的灵魂 , 而且达到了当前事务的完美融合 , 以及ci的美学特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	2008年 , 球迷们最模糊的帕丁森承认 , 他仍然被用来到球迷赫斯特利亚 , 2008年他第一次在第一次举行了瓦比·爱德华·卡伦 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	ocampo表示 , 当危机失败和市场价值全部银行时 , 投资者看起来很便宜的股票 , 预计收益在18到24个月 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 进一步 , 双方希望 , 可以顺利协议在2010年提高电池核不扩散条约的路径 。
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年7月7日 , 2010年世界杯半决赛中 , 西班牙的卡尔浦yol在德国目标球队在德国的进球球队中获得了进球 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	在恢复过程中 , 福特表示 , 它将开始推动其库存水平在最近几个月里保持的400万辆汽车水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街表示 , 总理戴维·卡梅隆决定停止利用财政作为他的个人摄影师 , 因此避免 " 公共释放错误信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自从2010年2月选举以来 , 袁科夫奇先生在两个方向上移动 , 巩固自己的个人力量 , 同时也与欧盟采取经济整合 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 重新回收 , 单级液压盘前刹车 , 液压后脚刹车 , 冲压钢轮 , 然后进入红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天 , 42岁的伊丽莎白 , 42岁的电视屏幕上 , 父亲面临着24岁的孤独恐怖 , 经历了纪录前的测试 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐将提高1.85万美元的皇家公园 , 为第二部影片提供场景 , " 桥琼斯:原因的边缘 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自从1956年英国独立以来 , 苏丹北部领导人在反叛南方扩大他们的力量 , 在过去的48年里 , 都有一场民间战争 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这就是 , 直到十九世纪的伟大的考古发现 , 直到十二世纪的发现 , 为了我们在东方的伟大文明 , 我已经画出了一个显著的生命地图 , 同时也是在这里的 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福德c.伯恩斯坦分析师jeffreylindsy估计 , 雅虎的独立价值接近25美元 , 每股25美元的交易 , 每股25美元 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	突然他有了危机 , 我不会进入我们的银行深度 , 因为他们想赚更多的钱和我们的投资银行 , 华尔街头发布不同的抵押贷款 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品的副本 , 总共有381条 , 因此 , 将他们分布到欧洲学者 , 杰雅迪瓦教授在他的 " 引入马达米基哲学 " 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家isobekatsushiro和mizunoryo继续遵循日本beau理想风格 , 其中一个用铅笔绘制昆虫世界 , 另一个建立了它的鸟类大气氛 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有几个其他旅游区 , 比如欧罗苏尔 , 莫尔帕里奥 , 达塔福斯 , 科斯塔做soll , costaazul , 科西多拉 , 普里亚等 , 大多数旅游都不知道 。
