there is a television in the middle of living room .	住房中间有电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新建筑上的钱 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果必要的话 , 我们将发送一个电报家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	你在你第一次aidkit中固定了他们 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	无疑的朱克思立法是可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他在顶部的梅德堡上走了他的猫 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但是他的老师评论: " 你还不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是中国梦想的一年之一 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	我将在2010年10月17日加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里偷到巨大的东西 , 没有什么东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料供应极大增强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种步行牵引器在柴油油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一种塑料覆盖类型的作家 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它有螺旋结构 , 由刚果红色揭示 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是学生 , 我们在免费电荷免费的学生 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是什么心理学家梦想在夜间 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那时他不会突然被左边绑架 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了评价评价批评 ; 鼓励 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人结婚赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元的碎片 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多要问一点沉淀吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力被反应力的力量摧毁 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	联系旧知识 , 揭示新课程 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	不定是华庆池 , 这是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	我的小烛火烧了出来 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我称之为 " 威威威基 " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	病人遭受伤害 , 死亡受害 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	指示每个阀门操作声水平 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	这个孩子们被标志到直线上 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	b:在哪里 , 浏览海港的鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在维罗拉塔回来后 , 巴黎在巴黎的一党 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	一些你从狭窄的jail细胞中来自新鲜 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	萨尔玛问她丈夫回家时问她的丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我采取深刻的感觉 , 压抑了新鲜 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	2003年早晨我是一名编辑 , 2007年早上从2003年到2007年 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	随着这种伟大的胜利 , 无合理的期望 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近在公司做了很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但是 , 固定的鸭子是种子之间的内涵 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听到那个声音 , 她的脸向嘴唇走了白色 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	不足以说 , 经济增长不够 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子怎么肮脏 ! 这里有许多尘埃 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	约书拉让人们离开 , 每个人都到他的遗产上去 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	在案例中 , 字符libra的集合应该遵循 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	路上 , 几个乘客希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了dap主页的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆车来了 , 一辆汽车 , 两辆汽车 , 一人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古老的野生独立和多林素连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我在我的荣幸中 , 我不知道这件事 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是使用绑定/unbind方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多的花朵有几个破碎的骑士 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲利是一种特殊的负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我觉得这是伦敦生活中最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好吧 , 我们知道 , 这是计划3的反对者 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	即使是孩子 , 摩西也选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家家的家乡转变成教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看到parley.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的沙迪房间和干燥的地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	给出了一个详细的观点 , 给出了每个观点的选择 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在一家宠物店买了一只喷雾的鲨鱼 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性由系统使用 , 并不应修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 克劳克的狗少数时候就去了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰罗忘记 , 他自行车下跌了 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	当然 , 奶油和糖果吗 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的接待是最平淡的类型 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅在公园再次见到约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我失去了我的词典 , 请给我留下你的 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英语文章如此困难 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这就是我们如何得到法国的范围 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说话 , 她与世界没有联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由交叉截面连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克里默:我发现美国的倡议高度问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去通常所有的技术博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	没 。 这是人们如何指的是小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她等待法国人去完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁定都有下面的基本属性 。
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	这些是众多的赞助者 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接穿过阿科建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400的伟大的vel转移开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为 " 零售 " 的单子属性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的哥哥哥和妹妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	那么 , 家庭保护什么 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 弗里亚发现她在口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 没有人曾经和他一起过过过一个人一起 , 没有人跟他一起 。 "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在我们在磁学校之前我们有很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米比太小了 , 苏珊比李更小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	软皮肤 , 红唇 , 所以吻合 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 元数据存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他作为敏感但是强大的记者 , 他是完美的 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	所有它看起来都是所有的元素 , 都是相同的 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	必须将文件系统卸载为改革 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	女士:你意味着你是否拥有吗 ? 父亲 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	星期一你觉得我们应该试试一下吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	通过软件开关设置支持j1939 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生们一直在与明星节工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	赢得者是第一次在一个空间里画三人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张斌简单答案 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看起来不比马上音乐制造商更多 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛浏览了小峰 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	离开她的爱人离开了她的爱人 , 她离开了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的人不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个公园 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	消息通过观众发出了一个欺骗者 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后电池将电池驱动到轮子里 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请回到学校的完整形式 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张图片价值一千个字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这完全是错误答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 冰冻 , 冰冻 , 石头返回了 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	这类风格老了 , 已经滑滑滑了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的伙伴可能是本周的恐惧 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我一直在对我的所有权利感的行动相反 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	去除链驱动轮从cankshaft移动 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是校园里的英雄人物 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但是 , 命运并没有给他们提供机会继续持续 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我愿意重新编译它 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子太接近传输商 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	泰西德里弗:好吧 。 是你的幸运吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	增加现实的常量表数由rinc的数字 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送到大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一声喊道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联的kn夜在他的armar中死亡 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水淹死他的喉咙 , 他开始选择 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花朵和精神像玉玉一样 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们住在哪种土地呢 ? 好或坏吗 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一条冰川 , 被河淹没了 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 伤害 , 或者是否否会导致坏院 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	没 , 我觉得你能去 , 我甚至不能得到旗帜吗 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的chors中 , 路过一分钟的一分钟 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督对他的母亲说 , 她希望哭泣 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道 , 50年内最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你想象这些想法 , 就像这些抽象的东西一样 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个学期 , 我一年都会看到父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法在甲醇中溶解原料 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	对于她的眼睛来说 , 爱与爱情一起闪光 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但是信贷是汽车业的生命血液 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者对你有一个序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你是否有经验去你的帕贾马出去吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬发很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和他的妻子是一个幸福的夫妻 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 关于它将涉及的事情有很多不确定 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决策中被误解为快沙 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在玩完后直接回家 , 玩什么 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行动并非与他的言语联系起来 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 。 他高高和强壮的 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但是他们太恐怖了睡眠 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写的这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是个巴根人...谁担心的偶像 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在这个数字游戏中 , 它将它转换为1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请用浴缸改变单室 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但是 , 改变的事情是令人失望的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行官从来没有看到任何事情 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	过度喜欢 , 她跳出房子里 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	苦境冲击生命 ; 爱情释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它把我们的家乡转成葬礼帐篷 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	也许生存是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	这就是溶液混合物的地方 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能把我送到下一个城镇吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	在输入箱之后输入几个新的线 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	一个:不清楚的绿色来这里 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有的通信都在写作 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 米尼斯基尔的时尚在上个夏天 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以在家庭里引起disharmony 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	一个网站被选为新学校 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他取代了哥哥哥哥 , 作为目标球员 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的花朵 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周可能是一个例外的例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导电器:银镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	我还没有从杰特拉格恢复过来 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	一个扭矩符号亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮全部进入西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他把这些山羊从新生儿中提起来 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但首先 , 有人必须把他们带进他们的运输池中 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们的房间里 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后照亮火上的东西 , 燃烧它 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他的章节在我们的书馆中可用 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住那个坏事并不被废弃 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 不管怎样 , 债务将是巨大的 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	我记得回来 , 我在我家的路上遇到你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停止每头3200美元的钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有钟问题 , 您需要修改这些问题 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司法设备 , 用户需要联系我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不会根据人民的威胁 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我叫做时 , 他正在打开哈马克的时候 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上传照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	大象 , 你的耳朵像囊肿 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嘿 , 你星期五是免费的 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.roundrobin的顶端 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我在工作上过它 , 伤害我的心脏 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得那个笑 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿色飞机可以通过植物干燥来解决植物干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	18年 , 河板18号攻击中场者 , 河板 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	这样 , 我不想一夜飞行 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过公交车 , 因为他迟到了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 枪手里 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 , 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑不放在项目0中 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么所有在岛屿上发现的最佳派对都是谁 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有直升和上升 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	房间里的房间里 , 房间里放了一个新的停车 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	本公司是一家电子商品领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一双双双双圈的木头被印刷 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	开发了fermi操作符的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深刻的事情 , 正如你教授一样 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 ! " 麦格解释说 。
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给它提供一些数据来解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9哈默钻到每个孩子里 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来那么痛苦 , 我在他身上拿了一只城市 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	那是我第一个爱 , 我也怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你需要在非hk股票中交易吗 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在在家里的20多年里 , 我的家人已经在家里了 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗会学不到新的攻击 。
minutes of board committee meetings	董事委员会会议的几分钟会议 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们发现在饥饿中被惩罚 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头部停止 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接会员拥有一个高级的洞 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	l值与r值之间的区别 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	嗨 , 你不能有任何不良的消息 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好吧 。 我有五分钟左 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是大象的一段时间 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	舒张计可以做到足够小的 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远离大连是多远的 ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	照明逮捕者安装哪里 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 诚挚的心 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国快速上升了这个共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁将赢得背骨的战斗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	它让你感到愤怒 , 相反 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	几年前我记得在这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理者对心平和平平进行健康管理 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图在火中保持他的头 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看看吗 ? 像食物这样的食物 , 还有食物 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛闪耀着救援和快乐 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	他说: " 现在我们必须是可持续的 。 "
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方来获取创始资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们还是独立的 , 他们是补充的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵们在一个酒吧里躺下来 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 很清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你要去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把声音降低到一个威斯勒的声音 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本气体设备检查assn 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是白色的sox风扇吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最爱的三角形的爱情三角 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是把你的财产带来了 , " 她说 。
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我非常完全 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的部分利益是保险的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望他下次能看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤亨庆 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和那些衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但是它也是一个存在的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	这艘船在船上打破岩头 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他被必要的驱动到偷偷偷 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班上有五十名学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我会买那美元的美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你喜欢在麻烦的水里捕鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我会拿我的叶子 , 像一只蝴蝶一样 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一个3pimafiastle适合 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	帕萨卡·吉尼塔:确保有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	设计的彩色类型物种并未被发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	牛津对世界产生了巨大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长规定放在铅笔箱里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	还有人说 , 只要他们欺骗 , 或者滥用你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	当你的脑部锁起时 , 你怎么能让你感觉觉到怎么样 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	我要飞到月球 , 如果我有翅膀的话 , 我会飞到月球 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	蜜蜂 , 我的贝兹实际上是哪里的 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树 。 当时 , 年轻时 , 是年轻的 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们是哈佛德 , 所以我们知道的 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	这个umpire失去了他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一个1970年停止他的病人 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他在胸部打了tweener 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	防守目标很高兴在他们的争吵中 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我希望绿伯格成为我的调查员 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还为单一图写了faface 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维罗特说 , 她将达到边界 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	这个男子从我的口袋里抽了一笔笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她将在晚上跑过她的线路 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽的比赛更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在重雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆吸烟了 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿那么糟糕的衣服 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	当苏菲亚回来时 , 我们必须开始开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说妈妈时 , 我看了牛 。
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼斯 , 你在谈论什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	蒸汽就像皮革一样艰难 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你有没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	晚上有多长时间才能做晚衣 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫猫能影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗涤机电动机vbelt ;
the young tree has struck root .	这棵年轻的树木有了根 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂锁掉了勺子 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学英语歌曲 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须明显降低 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 这是黑暗的 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们允许我们对这些变化的存在 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你拿了两个文档并把它们挖掉 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	哪个系统验证测试人员怎么办 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你说的最低点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校里学习 , 但在生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李丽打了吉姆 , 赢得第一位 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	问:你每次都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个感觉如此孤独的时候 , 冷了 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是三个家庭唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	感谢您呼吁日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华拯救我们从所有遗产中拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴将告诉他们他们说他们拍了我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	猴子李梅尔在哪里去 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢了一些 , 你失去了一些 。 这是生命 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那年 , 那天 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体被发现在地板洞里 。
knive are used to cut things .	knive被用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	怎么能让吉卡隆无雨 !
peace is always relational .	和平总是相关的 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克·鲁塞尔是什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要把她从她的职责中走出去 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年最聪明的花朵是什么 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想知道这个夜晚会带来什么东西 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你迫使我那么痛苦 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进树林里 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	答:让我努力解决你 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	杰夫喜欢与杰登玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想告诉长大 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	不过你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油变化之前 , 停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	工人在城镇里拍摄了 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有的事情变化 , 我们和他们改变了 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以他们驾驶了门 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我觉得他们的最后赢得只是一个流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	另外 , 他只是个孩子 。
lily some money me the other week .	李莉莉有些钱给我另一个星期 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是巴西利第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们奖励他们的等待 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试着睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	双方都可以用手术治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	而它的政府被抓住了 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色的紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在帕特里克找到一个牛肉吗 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听到有人跳舞 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好种子的南方 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须改变学习的训练 。
beat me half to death with it .	打我半死去 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃太多的汉堡 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她很喜欢吃惊 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后在这个星期末艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	狼的跟踪是多大的 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大动脉不容易 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上跳舞 。
the bill was sent to her room .	这个法案被送给她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	你的汽车手册或自动化 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它帮助你不会在那么多的内部 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这是我认为金融是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他身上 , 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	这个程序的独特性是什么 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我从来没有请他们吗 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸爸指南 !
losers hangout with losers .	失败者汉戈没有失败者 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	一个感觉的羞耻来到她身上 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	在所有时候 , 密封座带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家人 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来了我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请快速驱动一下 !
tingting seems nervous .	丁似乎是神经的 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是鸟眼观察家 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把接收者挂起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发风格 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手闻着鱼的味道 。
but there's reason for hope .	但是 , 希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的文章如何从订单中获取订单 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一个震惊 , 冲出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么能把价格放在生命上 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你知道什么 , 嘿 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像一只脂肪猫一样 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得相同的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出电量超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同的领导风格工作 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有许多方法杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里有很多油罐 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳子 , 一个绳子 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们看不起来吧 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义了三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花了金像土壤一样的金色 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些放在转身上 。
power elevation mill head .	电力激励米头 。
that gives me the creeps .	这让我感到痛苦 。
ianto: that's just me .	这只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是安德萨兹的主人 。
it was from the sugar i think .	这是来自糖尿病的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么重新修改为什么 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得比较热 !
and put bomb craters in there .	把炸弹炸弹炸弹在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧演了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我已经拿了一些小班 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动并得到股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	滑到一个大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我爱马德里 !
it does have intentions .	它有注意力 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	肥胖的死了 !
what is the name of that process ?	那个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的一位朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小的 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自我学者吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建一个.toc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但是它仍然是为我做好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 。 这是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	那么 , 我和这件事做什么 ?
when did you start to act ?	当你开始行动时 , 你开始行动吗 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢鲨鱼吗 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的祖母 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是一个工作穷人吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天学习汉语 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 赌场上去了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的事情 。
what's montague ?	什么是蒙特兰德 ?
time never comes back .	时间永远不会回来 。
as in organ donor .	作为组织捐赠者 。
are you a salesman ?	你是一个销售商人吗 ?
we just don't know .	我们不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做到 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基金会 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉到它 !
d a digit	d一个数字的ddidiit 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车规模施工过程简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	严格的父亲冲着救援你失去的羔羊...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发商谈判项目固定的价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	照片俱乐部拍摄了一张照片 , 去墨西哥...
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以我们在20年中期的选择必须是一个非常聪明的一个 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单元矢量 , 那么我应该将这段时间延长一个 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	威比亚有大量的铁墨金石 , 金龙注意到那年的手 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续作为学校主任的卡比先生 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这代表事故电子总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近年来 , 大脑的水疗师成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义上 , 它是自编码、存储和扫描的 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	毫无疑问 , 或者不能完成父母的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	随着你kayak战斗的快速战斗 , 大量的香港河 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将修复自己 , 或者可以留下几年不修复的时间 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践了面部的表达 , 我就像一个狼一样 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这发生五次或六次 , 猴子非常愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	因此我们认为dwarf突变剂ddddddf1是气敏感的 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	就像是在佛罗里的部落里 , 所以在上帝王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有许多传说关于兰特节的原因 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	而在妇女的情况下 , 这通常包括性哮喘 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	睡眠是防止宫颈癌发生的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	靠近笔门 , 防止羊毛离开 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	听到它的多态度 , 是在他的教学里的承诺 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	参加教育:我看到你自己已经抓到了一个马roon鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈妈 。 我会教她去骑边坡 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它为测试无关应用程序运行的机会提供机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	台海有另一个名字 , 福西 , 一个古代三皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twistists可以帮助减少内部机器官和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	男子马拉德鸭是他们长期以来著名的 , 螺旋性胎儿 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管解决立即问题 , 但问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	然后看到 , 是的 , 不像智慧一样 , 就像智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	rubbermoun ; 有限元模型 ; 静态弹性特征 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创建中国世界杯杯上海拉加罗路球场建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领域中 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	是否你是否去了 , 但是周末我只有时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人上 , 我觉得他最大的抽象是像一个或更多的双重 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误方向上喝了很多醉酒和象征家 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	阿富汗贸易协会收到的数字 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到我们只有一个生命 , 还能强化那种信服 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个快乐是不可思议的 , 便宜的黄金从农民中分出来 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	任何没有否认自己的任何人都必须从他的人民中砍掉 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	农村酒店开始适应人和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪武安事故和罗拉的意义 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:嗨 , 我是凯瑟·琼斯 , 你的名字是什么 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	麦米是薄薄的朋友非常好 , 我最好希望所有的祝福 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	这个连接后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗妮 , 鸟和牛仔喝蜜蜂 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好吧 , 这是一个直接的方向 , 还是不会吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场繁荣稳定 , 货物供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	大家都对他们来说 , 书店 , 因为你知道 , 你知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期债券的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	您可能意识到在数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	你也可以尝试使用google先进命令的命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们也在希腊的美国社区里搅乱了情绪 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市都有城乡双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他说 , 他真是很错了 。 "
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个轻微的 , 金属声音 , 像硬币的大小一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我正在完成 , 没有点在做歌曲和舞蹈 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停止消息 , 男孩 ! 我试图做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪钩可用于任何函数的进口或出口 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我在商业前来了 , 但这次我在这里看到的时候 , 看着 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季小时 " 是美国建立的一个长期的机构 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	它似乎大多数中国人使用改进的emule , 滥用服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局的格鲁斯特董事会 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的测试费用有助于在酒吧后面放几个外界人 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试我们最好的努力减少损害最小 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	75%的德国人每天吃早餐 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	googlegooglegooglegooglegoblegoble网络探索商的市场份额与chrome有关 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	第一年 , 我爸爸买了赛季票 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还祝福我们 , 我们能记住我们以前的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	无锈钢管、无锈钢管的工程铁路和银行家应当建造 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天安门广场是世界上最大的广场 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化股骨性肺炎疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	塑性变形的应力通常是压缩的 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是我国最大的粮食生产区之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里·布莱尔在乔治奥威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个森林 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了适应这个任务 , birt提供了数据探索者视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:嗨 , 凯尔博士临床 , 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	塞尔吉奥:是的 , 是的 , 但是他们有最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	令人惊讶的是 , 男孩能很快解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	让我们假设你在私人分支工作的子团队 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了时代和杂志心理学的时代 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经在科学中建立了二极化的问题 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术是交流的 , 也许人们可以从这方面获得一些尊重的东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我意味着 , 你已经谈论如何适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 是手持计算器的太空吗 ? " 问诺斯 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新思想正在融入年轻时代的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	另外一个细节我喜欢在这张鞋子里的作业脚 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来更长的干旱时期的雨水 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员搜索他的或她的图书馆的每个球员都会在后面 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	创造之后 , 在三月神人的互相爱情中根据 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你要做他们永久吗 ? 你会在哪里削减花费 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	除了代码性能外 , 良好的程序员为代码清晰性能 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的兄弟学习骑自行车 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季季的季节在我们身上 , 和它来到了适合赛季的舞会 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在日常使用之前玩到它 , 例如错误重大调用 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们习惯于大型非毒动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是第一次英国人和其他人一起接触的英国人 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	英国野花上没有什么东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究小组差异家庭pair的差异 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	维度限制的任何公园应该被包装到更小的一个小的一个 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个瘦的 , 白发男子坐在一个木头座上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但是他仍然承认基督徒 , 因为他们面对死亡的途径 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五个步骤 , 你可以帮助你的机器跑得更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	艾丽娜奥蒂兹的伤口边缘的报告显示 , 头发的报告显示 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , cms存储在数据库中的所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	文章流量比法相似的过程类似于论文流量比的方法 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的母亲正在为客户打包一些巴nafritter 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	左边的寺庙是罗马皇帝哈里亚的一个寺庙 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接是由消息接收器所做的 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:烟雾对罐头有毒 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效果和芳香相互作用 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我建议所谓的 " 小成英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了利用钛计的应用条件和方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	不管咖啡因是否咖啡因的细胞是不清楚的 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	9to5工作调度提供足够的时间放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ? 几个例子这个类型的例子吗 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船不能找到任何东西 , 在船上捕捉船上的缝子 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名士兵在残疾状态中躺在一座残疾状态下 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	你总是可以在下午或下午的时候打击 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年贫困线总数:815 , 7555 。
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	韩南居民说 , 飞机已经破坏了三块 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国民日的来临 , 我有一个星期的假期 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应库在出现出现中激烈 , 但实际上可怕 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	这个男孩打起了强劲的点 , 最小化了他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这是我们在哪里没有拖着摩利 , 还没有拖着摩利 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我目前生活的一个必要的城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须在调查之前进行调查 , 直到所有事实都发现 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了周围诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	旅客们用海病变得非常绿色 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请在你雇佣他们之后用清洁纸的画家 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一名诺贝尔woman在她自己的权利举行vis帐户 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	这样做 , 可以帮助城市污染的危害效果 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多专业技术有助于考古学的贡献 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态生态生产力和森林产业的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算结果在数据的每个分区中执行并行 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员已经确认炸弹作为韩武器的炸弹 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠的白细胞瘤是一种不常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	故障字符串是一个可读的故障描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	共同开展各个部门的努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不会遇到这两个条件之一的情况 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这件事吗 ? 你没有比别的事情吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	米托隆多利亚的危机密切地转移了 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早上 , 大多数的黑色山应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我觉得这将会与人们在展览中提高笑容 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些菠萝比特 , 有些东西能在这个男人下降吗 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你保持集合 , 在收集时你会有财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	他们两人都呼吸同样的热情 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥尔良人 , 但我想去家访塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁的 , 所以我会很慢地做电影 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	谢谢奥巴马为所有的nasa切割而感谢奥巴马 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们应该做的是 , 所有无限的感染 , 所以回到 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 到年底 , 发现:这是一个虚假的警报 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数民众都会为他们收到的辩论提供 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我感觉非常沮丧 , 不要觉得做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要的步骤 , 也可以是调研中最好的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	垃圾商们也对开发信任更加复杂 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制人士说 , 沙里波夫已经报道 , 这个船员感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	球员在自己的力量上 , 通过艰苦的努力实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	阿:绝对不错了 。 它给团队一个分子机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你形成的桥梁 , 你知道的所有人都是由此生命而成的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们两个裙子和裤子都看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在华华华空间最近的泳池里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端是蓝龙和白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	马尔威尔有金在他们身边的代理日志上 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	拉科:对不起 , 第二个年轻大师 , 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺马 , 因为她是真正的人 , 永远不会放在旁边 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨天晚上神摧毁了我的灵魂 , 放在一个新的灵魂里 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	黑暗旅游发展从边缘到典型的实践中 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	也许我们都能与爱和信仰、幸福和兼容一起的时代生活 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 慷慨的另一个形式是共享上帝的话 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我把头埋在那里 , 可是我的姨妈听到我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿业和石油股市移动较低 , 尤其是伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的成像发现从未在文学中报告过 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三年级的交通教育课程 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	好几次 , 充满谋杀的看法会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我是特别的 , 你最喜欢的椅子是特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	两个月的煤炭一直是一个心脏的悲剧性的两个月 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二次出来 , 让我们去 。 我们怎么做 ? 告诉我怎样做的事情 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节日win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	女孩和上帝的祝福一起来 , 必须遵守 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	物理检查不能轻松地在物理检查 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济外界明显地定位 ; 或是经济外界 。
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿里斯坦的鸟儿 " 德诺荷载pdf " 。
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和拖动从开始结束你希望测量的最终点 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	西班牙在巴西里 , 西班牙在米里吃饭 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件反对的 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但是 , 除非你结婚之外 , 除非你还是继承它 , 还是很难工作 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观角度看到他们的观点 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界真的能力真的是否能让这个宏观的风险吗 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 有大量的炎症细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:$56 , 400美元97 , 400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称gizmo甚至可以改善你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天的哈尔伯尔是可能的电影 , 能看到今天的哈尔波尔人吗 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风地下 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	亚历克斯:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿跟我一起去 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后一个拉约翰告诉他 , 然后开始把他拿起来 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离开她的丈夫 , 现在只有独自生活 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	鼓舞是花30分钟的时间来寻找正确的笔子 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束maskstous的椅子 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的女性有毛发 ? [1]
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	由mccormack微线驱动提供的卷控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉如果他们正在用线杆打开面孔的话 , 就像他们一样感觉到自己的面孔 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西是农业的一名领导人 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短规模时间系列具有多分形性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我命令了头发蟹 , 但是你给我那个绿色的蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从厚的公共汽车背后拍了毒箭 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国文化符号的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推动前进 , 成功最终会遇到你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	您可以将电子邮件地址转换成谷歌账户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷闭不可接受 " 表面 " 的 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海口是海南省海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的主任王凯康教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了偶像模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	大米菜、汤和巴斯塔都是一个很好的补充 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	在每一幅画面之前 , 人们在画面上表现出一个很好的画面 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想增加foshan , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的瑞典 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	几个圆桌的男人有很多心来解散他们 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能不会危险的伤害甚至是饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知 , 互联网的性格是虚拟和双相互作用的 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚这样的东西 , 人们穿着不同的衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	用手 , 你可以在哪里享受你的花茶 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	室外使用的真空游泳员 , 用于室外使用 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云时 , 我是寒冷的 , 令人悲伤的 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我会是贪婪的 , 导致我周围的那些不快乐的事情 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你叫它一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记住吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一和每个后续的bezierspra只需要三个点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	然而 , 神话的克隆人和神话的地方 , 却是一个非常真正的声音 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	我们访问的第二个地方是莫纳科村和宫殿 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮钩子用手轻松和快速装饰 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这个时候 , 这是商业jet行业中的那些哭泣的行业 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变您的默认门 , 并打击输入关键二次 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后讨论了jmi的程序和应用程序 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	斯科罗丰田说他不会回忆会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全惊讶于奇怪和自然的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的事情 , 零也没有存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	海洋人民在我们中期生活和平平 , 缓慢发展 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	蜡烛画是所有观众portlet都放置的地方 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼高迪从西班牙 , 主要对象论文的主要对象 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接受者问: " 你看过医生吗 ? "
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后一项很多工具 , 尽管你是不要的 !
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火灾 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天有七个课 , 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是在地球上打开门廊的一个人 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们有银行系统和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃撞击桌的角落 , 对冲击的角落 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	晚些时候 , 船已经消失了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多人都希望关系和孩子们的关系 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	同时 , 一只熊在传递中丢失了路径 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以在哪里吃真实的东钥去消灭它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫做友谊7号的小猫里被称为 " 友谊 " 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 我没有未来的事情做这些事情 , 你知道 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐败是实践理论和理论的大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得我喜欢跑到野蛮 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学拥有良好的教师团队 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	但是 , 一个强大的竞争者规则只能把蛋糕离开了 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染者决定您最终渲染器的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野生花朵明亮岩石土地 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	这个项目只是为了那些有苏米的母语言的项目 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	亚当和上帝与爱德伦花园的花园交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	平平平的母亲是区域护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家把假肢针插入我的静脉里 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请按照合同的复制 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说他的朋友在转桌子里自信 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她用sobs的声音打开了一声声音 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道怎样快速的是另一边要去热吗 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他喊着 , 跟他走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩上建造沙弹 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是最后一个房子泡沫的空气 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果听起来很好 , 问问如果我能看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在星球上 , 有些单位立即攻击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这位新的痛苦者不长时间在痛苦上行动 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们能预测这是两个正常人之间的第一个日期 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	我后来发现世界是全球的受害者 , 人们说不到的 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦这些人完成了你可以使用你的休息 , 让垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 有一个年轻人愿意为波尼表达骑着 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它显示了所有从头和堆积记录中所示的信息...
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海上贸易史的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	第1部分 , 您学习如何创建一个exserver应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个上 , 这是一个好的计划 , 我们不应该nitpick 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	通过实现详细的实现 , 分离实现测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你的生活中多少部分会变成 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	放置更小的粘贴交叉 , 使乳液效果更好 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把那个隧道变成一个闭幕 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	geminis通常在语言、语言和写作方面很好 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我为啤酒支付的啤酒 , 所以我在最后瓶里打电话 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我能告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大回来 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	您需要计算多少时间的配置将采取 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	明天晚上不会 。 当你下一次自由的时候 , 你还是不会明天晚上 。
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	马里利比one站与家庭界交流员一起包装 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	不要留在她是贫穷、病或不漂亮的时候 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	让我们确定不要收集今天的荣耀 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性和建设有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和控制组有异性和异性吸附 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " g1/2 " 与饥饿覆盖的2个独立特性 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学发展 , 计算机越来越流行 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它处理到瓶子水工业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	飞船的春天山谷的春天声音 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信里说 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把握握一双手可以导致15年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一条柔软的河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今晚工作清楚了事情 , 所有的事情 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请向我传递半循环砖 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男子们在寻找失去孩子的国家 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	贵西市hizzhi编译委员会办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁是神摧毁 , 我们号码1做恶魔 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一个idiot在ahab和他的鲸鱼之间 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对我来说 , 个人来说 , 我真的能看到两侧的硬币 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多棉花厂 , " 男子回答道 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 让你的性生活更激动 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	因为电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个节目 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	儿童和青少年经历抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	唐代僧侣现在是什么样的 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ? 哦 ! 可能 。 或者你 。 好吧 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	这个媒体通常是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	温文在2010年12月实践她的背景交流 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这里的单位是什么 ? 我们写的12.0111 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:研究brusmollis的组成部分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安东尼在大规模大规模的项目上去 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	而且它深入住宅和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	卢克的作品的这一方面有很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	饮用水标准不断改善饮用水标准 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 当然 , " 达林sneers先生说 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我快速把所有的袜子都洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色黑人回来 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题 , 中国民事控制军事控制的问题 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	假旗将被定制为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	财政皮是全部退休的中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺04 , 5 , 我不知道如何感谢你所有的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	我今天做太多了 , 我跑了我的脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	这家公司并没有在文件中说 , 银行贷款了金钱 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	在大约一半小时之后 , 我意识到我真的需要失败 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱情是 , 如果我们记住我们的差异 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	莱奥:现在 , 如果你只要跟我跟着我去伦敦 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生命 , 这个爱你们 , 我一直梦想着 , 长期以来 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 穷人很容易 , 因此生活得快乐 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最新的5天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	康是一位好朋友 , 一个独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一个基本的情感 , 具有特色的面貌表达式的基本情感 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	死于死亡 , 机会 , 时间 , 时间 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个popuptpup将告诉你是否是否在或关闭 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理你的暴力 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄宗宗是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他被朋友送了一个标签 " 游戏男孩 " 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不能相信我 , 他永远永远会结束他的生命 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指扔进混合物中 , 然后打断它 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	加勒比海水还有足够的水 , 还有足够的水 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	一个空气的警报声音在夜间深处声音 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们希望在早上晚上晚上看到的晚上 , 晚上就会看到 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	多龙在春秋时期被广泛使用 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	法官赫德森的决定是否会持续审判 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我觉得这会有帮助 。 你是最好的 , 你知道这是吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们这样做 , 很难建议我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	没有人看起来似乎是想 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao患者关于姨妈和摩尼亚一桩桩的病人 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	很好的想法认为 , 但愚蠢的差异很少 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	许多人用脚痛的人只能通过减肥重来减肥 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不会像他们一样画 , 但他们永远不会像我一样画 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制并使自我抑制这样的理性基础 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 , 他避免眼睛接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	此组根据佛教宇宙学 , 建立起来 , 并与佛教宇宙学相结合 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	确定张沈和秦天的关系非常高兴 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	跑步者在跑步最快的跑步过程中失去了3%的重量 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	这个星期的和平谈话 , 两个侧之间的两侧都是近崩溃的 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	导电活动能与脱电能之间有关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的脑子大约有25%大于晚期的霍莫直接 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看太阳在东方 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	云阳山断裂是海南断裂区东部 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将在自杀阅读他的症状 , 胡默死亡 , 疾病 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	刘阳只有一个实践的地点 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城中心 , 是20英尺长的金属盾牌 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	在中间 , 33个中间 , 和avalokitesvara数字一起 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船试图逃跑 , 大海盗船在船上的时候 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他站着几乎宽阔的旁边 , 他的大头转向他们 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但是我觉得这将是李老师 , 把你的最好的侧面放出来 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	一个爱的丈夫 , 还是每天我记得像一个女王那样的丈夫 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	阐述了其代谢和抗igig的机制 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来到了可爱的caketoppers形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	准确地获得标志行为的本质特征 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道蛋白的功能与其结构相关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18年 , 我的服装分开了我的服装 , 为我的服装 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	这是nto同样的事情 , 1月和jluy中有一个不足的领域 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转向齿轮是汽车向量系统的重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	坐在数字三号时 , 巴根寺和巴哥达斯 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	它是由含有圆锥形和传输棒棒石粉的表征 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前鲨鱼并不制造压缩机 , 关键空调条件组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了为食品卫生提供监测、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	晚上十三个晚上 , 他们终于回到玛丽琳的宿舍里 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	在信用卡管理系统中 , 实际的速率折扣必须在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 而且也是世界上的人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要组件:各种芳香酮和芳香树脂 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文对蒙古气候变化进行了简要的综述 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大火通常会把窗外的窗外吹出来 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理有效合同的原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	乐观主义 , 老虎总是为新鲜挑战而奋斗 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多达尔文人在夜间隐藏的细胞里逃离 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我不怀疑一刻对夫妇的罪恶感 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本论文第一部分在权利观点和权力观点的公司 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论改变它 , 但恐惧只会被视为神经 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你在你病的时候煮草 , 住在你身边 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18英里绿费和卡迪费 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	每家新公司都抱怨提高种子资本困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	林顿先生回答说: " 我不希望你进一步建议 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我有一个胃痛 。 我觉得今天午餐吃了一些坏食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	好运动 , 史密斯先生 。 我是太阳来访问 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个鞋子已经落掉了 。 埃维尔的恶魔的杂志 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	10:23岁的时候 , 他们在这个城市里穿过你 , 逃进另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们在wpi的机器人工程项目看课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我觉得你是我发的 , " 他补充道 , 地址员工 。
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后我再也没有权利 , 因为他是忙碌的 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	火车完全是由于夏天的气候 , 在假日的情绪中 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元买一张桌子满洞 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	每个美国储备股价上涨1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人死了 , 卡萨尔死亡了 , 而有些人被尊敬 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	历史与永恒之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢肯定 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	发现还揭示了男性快速竞争女性男性伴侣的竞争 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改进cadre和个人通道文件的管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红色叙述:你可以认为他是否会与保卫相关的 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天你很好 , 请再次看看我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数千名军人在枪兵和训练中交易 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和金海岸的环境经济类空间票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 艺术家的概念是空间发射系统爆发的概念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc具有比氧化氧阴极的统一工作功能分布 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	许多琼斯的老朋友加入了他的团队 , 与一些新人一起 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法被称为 " 点击主义 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想理解儿子和父亲彼此相关的事情 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们正在采样了解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只要允许她这样的尺寸 , 就允许她去那么wail 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	编辑的效果可能使你忘记在程序之后被指示的事情 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	他慢慢慢地冲着 , " 是我的女孩 。 "
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	把鱼填充在春天 , 用一些盐和辣椒结合起来 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司专业生产宠物科尔 , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	几年之后 , 她终于发现他和她一起爱她一起 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 得到的是无意义的 , 给予的是t5.1.7 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	而 " 改变 " 则指通过深化改革来解除员工潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人驾驶完美的汽车时 , 没有人责任汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户还可以选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是一扇泡沫的扇子 , 你可以尝试塞塞塞塞尔水代替 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	因此 , 你现在听到这听说 , 你冲突了 , 醉酒 , 但不用酒喝 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳温暖 , 促进所有的vicescera和机器官 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	解决地下水问题的离子反应有很多方法 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光增强剂在鲨鱼、皂和面部洗涤中优势 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是饮食、安静和默里曼博士博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期公牛市场趋势从2001年开始 , 仍然是完整的 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	鱼类蛋白浓缩是1980年开发的新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把小笔从尾巴拿到鱼爪和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着纳西斯的第一次讲话 , 并准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我不学习 , 我会买一只婴儿兔子像吴先生这样的兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始一个业务 , 他们说 , 让我们分开了进程 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你正在浪费一点 , 所以说话 , 不必要 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实际材料主义和塑料理论的本质 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚的草坪在首都迪利的地方被喷洒 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶巡逻员绝对希望将所有的本质移动到这一切 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个被称为记忆管理单元的子系统 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方星期日说 , 死亡者在射击玫瑰中跳到86 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物介质和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是青少年 , 尤其是看作是创新和创造力的美丽 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议与 " 抗衰老 " 的任何东西 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑首席蓝色的文章由记者写的文章 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	迄今为止 , 今年 , 有63 , 595家公司销售 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表声明 , 弗雷迪是我们的广场的一部分 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	另外 , 每个人都会为自己的用户打断他们的网站 , 可以做任何他们想要的东西 , 愿意 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	后来在赛季 , 尽管良好的规划 , 产品开始不通常运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	服务器的时间是一种宝藏 , 对于懒惰的人来说 , 是一种负担 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝绸是我们传统出口的好品质 , 是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始开始建立你的团队 , 你将有更容易的时间在未来 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但即使如此 , 两个妹妹仍然不能帮助 , 但是想她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕捕获 , 一年的结果 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	当我进入了托拉蒂杯房的时候 , 我的嘴里很广泛 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象另外25000万人在未来20年的中国城市化中国 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	您可以在垂直箭头上获得详细的锁定 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些土地形成了天津 , 或者 " 天然形成的坑 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球场到了一秒之前 , 你会把它送到风里吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形状的珠子 , 耳朵 , 一个儿子 , 欢迎订单 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	正如何释放如何 , 政府将与相关法律相关 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你觉得这是一个很好的机会 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	两个男孩和女孩 , 她的时候的镜子 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走了他的路 , 他等着更多的权利更好 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	在一个时刻的犹豫之后 , 温格达到了出口 , 拿着炉子 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	世界总体上 , 甚至更多你的新娘世界 , 接受了日志 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	标记2.4x比图片质量的2x更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听到带子 , 找出本文的主要思想 , 组织它如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素首先成为糖尿病的使用 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 不所有长期的餐厅都是庆祝的 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:日心有魔鬼身体 , 分支了 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 亲吻他 , 爱他所有的心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 您将能在同一时间打开热栏配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	有许多驾驶过去的橡胶房地产在kalalumpur周围的橡胶房地产 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	凡达·乔奎姆是新加坡民族花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复方胶囊质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	杨山医学植物研究与研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这个缺陷了匿名类型的强大类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	孙元文是晚清时代的重要数字 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的来源是社会后果的重要社会后果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这是很多孩子在这里的意识 , 很多孩子们不能去学校 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	对于完成日期来说 , 很难让他陷入不定的日期 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多我们在epa内做的问题 , 或者技术上 , 是在自然中 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个男子是来自伊雷德尔县牧师办公室的地下部长 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:你将请更新我们关于shinhwa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣为什么让一些泥土放在人眼上 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	队长带来了男人注意到总体来的注意 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 , 他忘记他不生长任何年轻人 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	您需要将现有的项目载入整合开发环境中 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	而且 , 在菲尔和癌症战争期间 , 他们将与他一起战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 避免海关检查的困难更难 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	美国利物浦公司正在寻找金融危机的激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	保持跟踪您需要支付保险和办公室供应的保险和办公室 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 接收gf频繁的接收后 , 在转变良好的情绪 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称受害者的身体 , 例如重复工作在路下 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志中读到这一点 。 这是一个新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是第三个星球讨论夏季三角的恒星 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在玩园里 , 他的演员自从演员之后 , 它是错误的劳动 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	使用该厂 , 设计了以下的数据类型用于服务定义的服务定义 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩和泥泞、分支和叶子坝坝坝坝坝坝坝 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	让我们先吃一些咖啡 , 我也喜欢一个沙威奇 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布莱纳的工作是纯粹的热情 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我叫这个意大利的 " 悲剧现象 " 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	阅读正确的方向 , 直接在正确的方向 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但是当政策持有者抵押贷款时 , 应该有不同的情况 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计你预孕期多久 , 你的日期 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为某些原因而 , 霍宁 " 是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否还是不要金融 , 还有很多因素来consider 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们家里有七个孩子 , 所有姐姐 , 除了我 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它为使用这个内osperm特定推广器提供了理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店走出门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在艺术界 , 还有一个印象的春水和秋山景 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现许多草根专家在uban.com上发现 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我使鲸鱼 , 鱼和鸟类的大小、形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人意味着一起 , 最终他们会发现他们的眼睛回来 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评估:并行web提供了数据的局部性 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐厅建议可以看到其他朋友的朋友 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图去除这些可能的许多实现 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	他曾经吃过的厨房来鲨鱼 。 " 没有猫 。 "
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	屏蔽和草药邮件显示您的海关禁止器 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	一些人相信中央政府和中央政府之间存在关注 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她穿过犯罪场景 , 有些人在街上拍摄 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	第一章东端的东端比大门更快 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有发现的人都发现 , 打开了瓶子-----------------------------------
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0中 , 介绍了许多额外的增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	所以 , 愿意释放耶稣 , 再次向他们讲话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗igigue和调节免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要注册域名和注册者注册 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁滚动提供最大负载轴承支撑 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南称为 " 植物王国 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 罗森伯格和罗森伯格在军事涂层的前海盗 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器配件配件 , 适合印索尔的翅膀 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后他改变了整体 , 并将下一个八个小时作为一个尘埃人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块切德的奶酪 , 在它里 , 把包裹着 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们第三次来了 。 这是因为ivor在启动时抓到一个蟹权利 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	蜜蜂保持者在冬天之后不会发现死亡成年蜜蜂 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	斯iga现在经理联合速度和触摸同样的膀胱 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	您可能会用n、或maxargs , 参数覆盖这个行为 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	不 , 你可以让他保持晚上 , " 我回答道 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	与此同时 , 他们的敏感性比以往的渴望更好 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有好的中国作家都值得任何值得修改的东西 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	对于谁来说 , 对于谁来说 , 谁等着数千年的永恒 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会错过机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这些是由阿瑟的半姐 , 摩根 , 摩根是智慧的 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在凯利 , 西方与圣乔治2008年与圣乔治合作 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我打电话叫你 , 因为男孩来自你的城市 , 哈丹博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一幅全球图片 , 但即使我们很高兴地回到形象中 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	虽然这意味着我们可能会在现实上看到不同或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	住房成本与数十亿人民的重要利益有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	提名和八个婚姻 , 年龄79岁的洛杉矶死亡 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野生竞选负责对波尔克和克莱克都做出了反对 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	在序列初始学习的初始学习中 , 这些区域不同 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的新闻 , 伊斯兰和拉皮斯拉祖利 , 填补了一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁裤的飞行区 , 然后第一条腿的缝纫和海姆 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察宁宁市降低桩供应理论的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	早餐咖啡馆在我们的医院里可以帮助你 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了适当处理批评 , 您还需要正确处理赞扬 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怕 , 不愿死 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	因为这只是当我喂养自己时 , 我不希望得到奖励 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	穷的barry在车里停了一个包包包 , 他的汽车与一个耶和华一起碰撞 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	当有人说: " 我是一个演讲者 , " 这通常是他们意思的意思 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可用于高速公路的高速填充部分 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	美国航空飞机飞机飞机的发现是由美国航空飞机飞机飞机的凯尔制造的 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是为了解决更大的煤器 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	某些不同接收器的辐射和绑定评价方法 ;
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	远远离国家 , 但总是和我一起 , 无论我是在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有的疲劳情绪都是生活中的一个必要结束的事情 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这个项目对许多原因有兴趣 , " 罗克隆先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 友谊世界的世界有嫉妒 , 无论爱 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	格雷斯突然笑: " 你觉得你是什么 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔网站受伤 , 我得到了我的机会为英格兰踢球 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的手指做了一些金属技巧 , 学会再次玩耍 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以保持冷却在强烈的情况下 , 她会注意到 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	随着这些游戏的飞行 , 在比赛中 , 还有其他的波克自行车 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	提高水处理效率 , 也是节水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	杰里米的眼睛看着城市灯光的时候 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开这里5:00pm , 我们都很高兴这次演习 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你怎样发现 " 智能 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我一定感谢你组织这一点 。 我发现它最有趣的 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是黑绿、深、运行全年的绿色 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也可以访问自由的编译教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了识别疾病 , 评论和报告如下 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	简妮是对的 。 这里的发动机可以自由打猎和拍摄 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我跳得很好 , " 他告诉她说 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	现代研究和营销运作将是弗拉伊先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	霍米奇杀虫也很罕见 , 这使新西兰生活的安全地方 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在citigroup上 , 收入下跌28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰仍然可以通过这些挑战时代移动 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	在你的房子里 , 还有另一个房子里的黑人 , 还没有好的亨恩 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	阿卜拉斯先生说 , 与波威尔的谈话深深 , 希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私法的编码应该模拟德国一 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我使我的生命和织物变成文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 运行系统在组装中处理并不可移动 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你会有一些东西展示它 , 甚至可能结束你们的东西 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公平公寓里 , 必须避免这个峡谷离开 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	安德森的小梅梅梅梅德是安德森的更多的移动精神之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	随着婴儿的记忆断了鸡蛋 , 大明自己看着 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应当附加文档和形式在外语中执行 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	" 海军蓝色是信任的颜色 , 给我们信心 , " 林德萨说 。
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了很难分析继续莫萨斯的基因 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船壳清洗机器人的集体设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	草坪规划是最重要的主题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	使用最新技术和工程在制造、办公管理和设计中 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	根据指定协调项目的零指数返回了基于零的指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着外面伸展 , 开始抓一只鸭腿 , 单独咬一只鸭子 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道对苹果行业的辩论将永远不会被世界人民忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	对电力线载体设备的应用和选择方法进行了讨论 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业规范it架构师 , 用于链接需求的链接资源 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年国际大学毕业生总额增长了12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺不纯粹符合性和性能 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	lunburg城市的城镇也是一个世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种用于氧化氧化氢的新催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的研究ptts对大鼠脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	与海滩的暴力和游泳水相比 , 德拉德尔达尔伦的星球对比 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	泰帕林 , 可以看到中国各地的每个地方 , 说不仅是独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	深入的变化是到来的 , 它旨在转换几个生命的phellosophelelelelellos 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏天的几个月里 , 小鼠总是住在外面 , 剩下的东西仍然坚持在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	制作滑滑滑滑板的关键是控制的侧滑 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一步是实现连接组件的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一款免费的抽屉啤酒购买午餐时间啤酒的啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱官 , 陪审员已经收到了他大气的负责 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	美国六所学校获得了2 , 250度的学位 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须将武器吸引到加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我非常满意 , 从2001年到了过去几年里 , 到了过去的几年里 , 数量超过了生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:映射各种abd工作流 , 包括几个项目 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	日常交易中世纪中期世界都没有坚持准备金钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能滥用和耐受人们 , 并希望得到准确和可信的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgmls是世界上最广泛的sgml解析器 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看起来 , 南妮 , 香水 , " 埃利亚人举起一瓶cologne的瓶子 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾经试图回答这些问题 , 不管你自己还是别人 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	这些目录包含最新版本的项目和其描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	今年的税收政策 , 自1997年以来 , 还有一份预期的报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立ninxin胶囊的定性鉴定方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫法检测尿管尿道分析的方法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他对他的班级做好完全准备 , 仔细地准备我们的家庭轨道 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	拉迪·加加格:为了让哈莱森我去...那个小怪兽 !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活的生物运行并返回作为闪光的出现 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们采取了各种法律师和法律学院的交易 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	当poissonsson比零时 , 得到了位移的精确解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响5个友好目标和5个敌人目标的最大目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然希望只能看到晚期ipping、脚本编写视频 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个微笑的笑 , 另一只是多尔基笑 , 但是有笑 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小化惩罚 , 这可能有助于防止薄材料烧伤 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合分辨系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的路板安克尔靴子提供了她是著名的时尚边缘 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高固醇水平能影响睡眠、体重和免疫抵抗 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果心理问题发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划出版一系列经典版本的现代版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	奶酪木制成 , 所有的块子都是由樱桃木制成的 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品已被编译成了《杰森》系列的艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进鳄鱼 , 只是用你的靴子打击他们 , 你想抓起我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢你所做的时候 , 你更有可能做得很好 , 成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的观点对我提出了 " 如何 " 这些邮件的部分 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache是在流程列表中 , 这可以做到一个skip测试 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是怪的 。 如果每个评论都是2:08左右的 , 那么它必须是一个关键 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁·费斯特尔 , 一名宇航员安德鲁·费尔在他的眼睛里打了肥皂 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , td数字手机在技术上可行 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将提供一些关于观点、食物、居民在旅行期间的一些查询或参考 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左派民主党的敌人信徒说 , 暴力必须被删除 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:嗯 , 这是一个...............让我教你 。 另一个等于两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文在传统语法学家研究的基础上 , 进一步发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help改善 。 因此 , 中国的基本利益都是中国的 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻将会简单 , 你会有梦想 ; 但是这时候的研究 , 你会解释梦想 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我提到的那样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要 " 问你可以直接做一些事情 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问和那个男孩说他是否被忽略的 , 而且只有一年都没有测试 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	" 哦 , 这是他的母亲 , 她希望他是一名医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	这是一个观看 , 但它是一个稳定的观看 , 这是让所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	蝴蝶 , 飞行在迪拉周围 , 说: " 你能在空气中闻到春天吗 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我喜欢上帝 , 我会把你扔出这座房子里 , 从不再看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次你触摸你的面孔 , 你都会被困扰污染和油 , 这可能会堵塞垃圾 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	最初的线将由塔拉成员设计 , 并包括他们的写作和图片设计 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果一个数量不在附件中指定这个子句不应该申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebay声称 , 它的工作比其他支付服务更好 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同的tnm阶段的关系是0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃正确的话 , 你可以说 , 并且会在法庭法庭中使用 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , m50天空的干扰引起的m50天空的干扰 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	也许你仍然坚强 , 继续祈祷我们 , 大多数荣誉耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	您还可以设计自己的模块 , 因此webmin总是可以适应您的需要 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	餐厅用usb电话或头部打电话来电话 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们希望努力解决我们的国家和我们的关系十年的问题 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	我觉得我们需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转了四十五岁的时候 , 她发现勇气离开 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在面试结束结束时 , 没有更多的伤害 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	克菲昂穿着可调节肩带和层面的肩膀 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba可以增加在sn病变后的hsp60表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	" 默里斯拍了她的头 , " 我觉得他们还是怎样生活了 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实的案例是一名23岁的男子 , 西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单一旗产品与潜在的集成等方面的scm套件的其他方面 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿兹 , 欢迎一周的cn学生消息 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次 , 约翰流到香港 , 他很害怕他必须使用空气病袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我从垃圾里出来时 , 它被覆盖在苏格 , 粘贴的垃圾 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听到报告 , 知道景观 , 插着你的耳朵 , 走在前面 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	让耶和华看见它 , 把他放弃 , 他从他那里转去了他的勇敢 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组显著低于其他人 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做些好事情 , 无论如何小 , 庆祝他们只是在月球上登陆了 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	图形类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请调用奥尔马尔 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你们远远比你知道的爱情增长了一天 , 去去了 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的猫猫 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	使用 " 我破坏 " 模式来表达自己时你感觉稳定的时候 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我的父母说话和行动如 " 老儿 " , 常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	布法洛在我们共享的材料中提供了许多注意力 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国2007年毕业于2007-2009年的经济衰退仅有两年前 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 然后在大碗里设置 , 直到两个尺寸 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们向这个想法说 , 迪兹先生只想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	我们之间的事情不能隐藏 , 陌生人手重在你的心里 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续到南沙拉 , 已经变成灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 你今晚将穿上你的心 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们真正的命运 , 我们不会发现自己独自的生命意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	他的悲伤吉姆似乎很快地醒来了 。 他把他的戴尔加入了他的桌子 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	这种种子只是在一朵普通金鱼的花园里 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	无论是音乐 , 雕刻 , 扔 , 寻找花朵连接它们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何 , 地点问张晓淑是一个小羊 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在困扰和威胁他们采取翅膀和呼吸 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你的前几个小时可能比你喜欢你的日期更好的花费考虑 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人都广告他们的服务 , 称为scort服务在互联网上 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们增加了人工智能 , 我们就可以发现设备是否快乐的 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	另外 , 2/84例并不会被rsca检测到他们的穷pcr结果 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我将住在你身边的生活中 , 只是在天空里闪烁你 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人民 , 但我也不知道 , 同时我觉得人们真的感兴趣他们正在做什么 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊人 , 雅典人 , 510-490英亩 , 意大利人 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅恢复一段时间 , 将被称为 " 烹饪 " , 好像我能做的那样 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦和草丛的年轻植物最好是饲养nmpha 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	如今 , 越来越多的人在国外学习 , 回归并不像前面那么流行 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终 , 人群藏在他身上 , 他刚刚刚刚在树上游泳 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	我们都知道 , 1840年中国的奥运战争开始对人类现代化的现代化 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰伯·威尔金森:一个人只有一个生命 , 但是历史可以记住你永远的 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 热量将海水回到裂缝中 , 遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.科恩的教学和其预测在那个公园上采取 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年代末 , 一些npos认识到市场可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	作物科学家jsjs低bergdeboer说 , 这帮助当地农民关系到他们 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我感觉不好听到你说这句话 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	nitrate是zhelin湾溶解无机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一款热滤波器去除所有电子的最大量 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果你决定有更多特性的数据库 , 您将在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻花 , 太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	kra不能直接应用到不确定数据 , 因为不确定数据有概率 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的回报 , 预期薪水和照片按邮件地址 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李宝宝说 , 在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是培养优秀的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	可是你想在大屏幕上看到它在雇佣吗 ? 可能在3d时 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持强壮的米恩 , 水瓶里的水瓶在他的袋子里 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流网站 , 城市越来越高危害生物侵入的风险 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合防止犯罪的过渡形式中 , 也存在了行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 人类观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细的检查证实 , 无论什么都是什么 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时候 , 这将适用于切割视觉设计或帮助麻烦一个bug 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	无论我去哪里 , 杨州的快乐将永远不会留下我的心里 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接速度增加是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	这里希望他的作品更多地翻译成英语 , 很快 , 请快 , 请你 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中癌症的表现 , 一个生物学分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	五月飞机是要把飞行钓鱼 , 微芯片是个人计算机的 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	今天我们的老师又把我们的老师放在了周围 , 举起来 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	与不同神经根缺陷相关的物理检查结果 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	消失 , 折射膝痛 , 满足以下标准的两者 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全美丽 , 清洁 , 蔬菜丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	空气干燥运动刹车 , 延长水工织物的寿命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	希尔冬季没有影响夏季和秋季的突破趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	在西康 , 例如 , 许多问题在这个领域中作出了交叉 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	拍摄的几分钟的碎片很难文化 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个转换器活动pixel的临界回收技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案简单 , 答案使用反例 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:测定北hibicusyris的营养物 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄龙在南宋时期烧火龙回到南宋时期 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	他是大型的 , 黑绿色的面孔从年轻的土地里留下来 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印机器可将指定的插件提供的机器解析列表 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思维、语言和运作的材料形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人经常被捕 , 被迫住在监狱类似条件下 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	销售的进入级别位置 。 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的旅行过程中 , 我们已经在我们访问的所有地方学到了很大的交易 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这个美丽的地方 , 叫土斯坦 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那个他可能会撒清她 , 清理她的水在这句话里清洗她 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	如何克服我的老年自我的心理学 ? 非常激励 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	深圳大学开始前两个星期的时间比深圳大学开始更少 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	橡胶霜 , 用于加热 , 这更容易被皮肤吸收 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	它站立起来 , 肌肉痉挛 , 然后倒下来 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了让自己实际上去做 , 我最喜欢的打击是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一步将会加入这样的系统 , 将在主要的地铁地区的地铁 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国老年 , 八百分之八的孩子收到不正式的教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸爸被诊断为hellos生活原始的多个扫描病 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 在巴黎、巴黎的第二个最高的游客 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	几个月 , 房子在修理之下 , 我们住在下一个门口 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	新闻并不全是坏的 , 根据陪伴编辑 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的对象是微小电路板连接器的电路板 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehbobbb作为一个项目经理 , 当她是女性的时候 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基墙纸的研究和生产工艺 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们将红球替换为蓝球 , 看看婴儿会注意到 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	大陆将战斗云水地震 , 继续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为头发纤维的外部古典层被破坏 , 闪烁 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、氨基、糖尿酶、男性酶等 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	阿根廷的5 " 超级颜色 " 袭击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	yn的应力剪切比inmumumullary联锁钉的应力小 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	本炉用于安山铁和钢铁 , 如示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国对总统法官选举制度的改革实施了5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体放松 , 感觉紧张消失 , 但不睡眠 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月的沉默之后 , 有一些明显的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们一旦拿起他们的尼弗斯的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的警卫 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	疑问 , 问题 , 两者之间存在一个典型的联系 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	后面的原因是 , 产品似乎有更高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	azo被电子束蒸发沉积在k9基础上 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个调查站是我在电子信息卡上列出的地方 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc绝缘和pvc封面细钢丝弧弧弧线 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术在水处理工业中广泛使用 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当罐子填充时 , 它将填充所有的空间并推动塑料紧缩 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马莫斯特厨房里 , 彼得准备猴子日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	金ap寻找世界 , 人类的世界上友谊难以寻求 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	本文还描述了控制条件、清洗结果的描述方案、控制条件及清洗结果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大多数星期 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮流摩擦理论是动态古学的关注 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激动的o2分子氧化了解决方案中的自由基础 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	澳大利亚人指责中国餐厅烹饪卡拉斯 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的同步操作符是影响复杂的重要结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	好吧 , 如果我有选项 , 我真的想去语言学校 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 个人在断裂后减少自我概念障碍 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今晚的组织在绿色屏幕上 , 新昆虫的温暖空气 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由激光塑料布置插入到轴上 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	越来越多的时候 , 如汞石xian地面 , 荣耀yi射击 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金和材料为救援和灾难救援 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布图像的形状 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人在完成测试后将接到他们的测试报告形式 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱的时候 , 鱼在形式中飞跃 , 变成全球的形式 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了什么使数据结构大 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九点是通过900个简单的引用和引用的 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我很喜欢呆在后面 , 但我的妈妈妈不会在10岁的时候 , 我不会在家里 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那里 , 你认为的第一件事是 " 哦 , 这个地方是惊人的 。 "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 恐怖性暴力正在每个村庄围绕goma的地方 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	时候 , 也许两个星期 , 你会准备一个光明和目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	讨论了颗粒双分裂频率的分割频率 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	高分辨图像组件的报告将在高质量上印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱情不符合彼此 , 而且在同一方向中寻找同一方向 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染和受害者的大源泉 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么呢 ? 实际上我躺在那里 , 当我说答案在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们会很快发现我们在会议之前 , 我们的表示在我们曾经设立足够的会议之前 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	沃伦特·克莱克只是在奥克兰外 , 爱苹果产品 , 而且有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说: " 他们往往往往往迫使海湾 , 在那里 , 油正在导致海逃跑 。 "
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试非常有趣 , 因为字符串缓冲效果优化了执行快捷的应用程序 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后你可以创建有助的检查员或其他文章 , 因为人们可以下载的pdfs 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待事情完美 , 你会等着长时间等待 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	看看到你将在人群上访问的人们 , aspx页面的人 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显现出奇怪 , 但更多的精神和关心 。 感谢我对我感到重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	专家说 , 在一些情况下 , 是的 , 但是内在的关键主义生活在某些情况下 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年 , 苏格拉托从苏卡诺成为印尼亚总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅能在水里走出鱼 , 而且他们也能在土地旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	这个男孩把苹果扔掉了 , 把它的苹果剪掉掉去了那块橙子里 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	在土壤侵蚀研究中 , 树脂追踪器技术被广泛应用于土壤侵蚀研究中 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还把细菌转换成另一个 " 基因移植 " 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	与我的nikon50mf1.4相比 , 在max文件中 , 与我的nikon50mf1.4相比 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少每个符号间隔时间的时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那你为什么你哭泣 ? " 问鸟 , " 你会让我湿了 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自从那16年以来 , 战争伸展不断 , 但相对小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上是一点悲伤的 , 因为我真的喜欢米歇根州立大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我看到所有竞争对手密切 , 很多尊重 。
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但是dbby必须来 。 多比要保护哈利波特 。 警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	贝恩和他的房间聊天回家的房间 , 晚些时候做了很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我选择阅读每个词 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	而非法的阿富汗人也可能再次成为基地组织的基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	另外 , 我的团队都是勇敢的 , 类型和可用的衣室 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 如自杀 , 在生命保险案件中 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢tktukk , 等于把头放在一个混合器中 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以通过把水滚掉guo的金属 , 使得他们的金属低于五度 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	马吉说 , " 我知道 , 但是只有一年一半的毕业生 。
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使在寻找一只猫狮子时 , 不要穿衣服 , 就像一只未婚床一样 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它到塑料板上 , 用肉滴下骨骼 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	洪水树木之间的瓶子通常是鱼类、蟹类和龟类 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	2030年锅炉不需要修改2030年锅炉 , 以满足新规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满快乐和希望 , 所有的祝福神都希望我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年 , 我们有30个市长在我城市的重庆地区 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能读到的话 , 它不会对你有什么访问 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 在各种问题上具有强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	在总部或区域级别设计的ihr接触点 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我觉得我们在一个更长的趋势下 , 或者只是一个下通道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但效果太不具体 , 很少会导致清除和安排转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无需说这是一个欢迎的饮料 , 但它仍然不会有趣 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高回滚鞋座位设计适合长达120个lbs的孩子 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一名gogeter , 他将成为一个优秀的学生体育总统 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了1888年无锈钢的腐蚀和消除方法 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说她在考虑一旦居民被允许搬回来的时候 , 她正在考虑开放 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以 , 把那个旧日记丢掉 , 或者打开一个单词文档 , 试着尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持球形状 , 满足常规释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尔·贝里亚的故事 , 一个新泽西的无家人 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	而且 , 我将喂到奴隶的块子 , 甚至你 , 你们 , 贫穷的块子 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3其他的安装器从索尼下载并保存它 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	另外一个437例扫描和2077年控制的扫描结果相同 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到会议 , 那么你有更多时间准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了不同背景的中国女性生活条件 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	你甚至不会注意到这里 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择他的生活和比尔盖特的生活之间 , 那么它是一个诺贝大脑 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球和弯曲性能和高电绝缘性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	公园上 , 志愿联盟的原则导致农民的低度关注 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波半径的最高位置方式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明了一般历史趋势 , 这是人类吸引的 , 没有人能防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我曾经经经说过几个人看到我 , 我必须保持承诺 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	利用生物固定膜的硫化物控制是一种经济有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的人格的不同侧面都在全身鞋子里捕捉到 , 同时在荷兰的路边 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	对于企业和企业之间的员工来说 , 企业应该是第一赢后的员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后cicseci连接厂提供cics服务器连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladesystem给管理台提供了一个层次和相关的基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦领土在北部一县后 , 秦统一中国 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员提供了更多的要求 , 以处理更少的系统的请求 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了这个问题 , 答案说答案已经得到了 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息相同的信息 , 获得手指印刷和手指模式的印刷 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	三峡大坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然成年四分之一的成年人比预期的90年长 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	因此 , 我们继续继续在中期趋势下保持印度股权 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标签 " 或l-l " 是由通道配置问题激励的 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维持续增长 , 减少糖 , 取消蛋白加工 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含初始结构的基本特征 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	用石英管炉中碳纳米管合成的碳纳米管合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	主义者协助学习频率的过渡 , 为卡马的过渡提供帮助 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用饲料酒精酒精液建立酒精肝障碍模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	它保证我们一季夏季的承诺季节 , 也是夏季最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法研究了杯氧化物的氯化平衡性能 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜜蜂网络安全技术是活跃防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展验证协议可以支持许多认证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们滥用了他们的力量 , 使人们在群众中强烈的争吵 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型 , 从psd到rtfs , 接受和可下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	qianxuesen是科学导致的最伟大的科学家之一 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当ed发现时 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕获了几个关键成员卡特尔的关键成员 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地发现20岁的女儿在她回家学习后 , 穿着他们穿着他们 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	1925年林回到中国 , 作为北京国家职业艺术学校的主任工作 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果患者随访312个月 , 所有患者均获得满意的结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 帕德雷斯基和左手一起走下来 , 开始填补基地部分 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前面的操作符适用于现有文件 , 后者重写现有内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	结果表明 , 马氏正交变换数量降低了这些因素的增加 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 国王在一百八十名叫做 " 荣誉 " 和 " 孙武 " 训练他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	下面的福克金字在下面应用 " 福岛东海水 " 的同一个过程 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉兄弟只有那个目标的人是一个被激动和威胁他的男人 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:皇后王子主办官方婚礼午餐650名客人在宫殿上 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的权利意味着国家和其他人不应该有能力侵入选择的侵入 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	在安装上 , brea将是橙县太阳能的最大的市民用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	星期二 , 冰岛火山仍在爆发 , 虽然云降低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	甚至有助于让肌肤脱离肌肤 , 水解皮肤 , 因为我有很干燥的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	传统云的唯一时候 , 只有在路上被悲伤的maek红尘暴风暴的时候才来到最终 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	很快或晚些时候 , 波浪将沿着 , 打击我们工作的事情 , 所以很难建立起来 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的基本利益和民众的基本利益 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们还可以鼓励他们的员工捐赠他们的时间来捐赠当地企业家的俱乐部 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们的团队在1500年的比赛中比赛你平均有平均的比赛 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街道摄影师四位优秀的营销理念 , 营销方式能力强制可调 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这小片将是星星在短期 , 对称形状 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女人在城市的影子里留下了铁窗铁 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育的产业是西方教育大影响教育的一个模式之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	路易斯 。 一个火星与生命的火星一起 , 一个水星人口浮游 , 生活岛屿 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样 , 同样也是詹姆斯和约翰 , 西班牙的儿子和西蒙合作伙伴 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持在领导人战斗中 , 与ellenpau杀死孩子一起 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月都在通过亚洲电影制造商的电影制造商打破新脚本 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们携带了禁止宗教自由和歌唱的 " 我们应该收入 " 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他是否只是单纯得到了一系列无法阻碍的冲击 , 甚至是自身呢 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	作为功能材料广泛应用于汽车上 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是自由的福 , 多比来拯救哈利波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇到不到的话 , 虽然很好 , 但可以追踪大量的预备 , 紧张性和关闭性 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过旧镇 , 看到一个很老的房子被解决了 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	第一件事你看到你在门上走的时候 , 我们的小朋友来自安托波斯学 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	虽然一些旗帜需要立即注意 , 你的参与并不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	价格风险在非传统的组合中 , 以及在贸易组合中 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 例如高s/n、良好的平等性和非固定性 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	这就导致了摩西的出生 , 他对尼尔河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他不声称利比亚已经武器破坏了我们 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	日本当局接下来的调查证实 , 老师已被塔格奇 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要更好的生产力方法 , 这样你可以与其他人合作共同的项目 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可以在您的新和现有的解决方案中心项目中重用 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有鲸鱼 , 太平洋biltng比新鲜的东西更容易 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右击击击击打击角 , 左点击控制slewing和topping角度 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	燕子走到宫殿里 , 由薄而弱的马脉冲而来 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为促进当地食品文化 , 采取土地菜 , 为精神提供良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空接触的统计断裂性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	数据库资源可以使用jdbc和记录级访问访问访问 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpcs的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院里的仆人女孩听着你的仍然听到乔家珍妮 ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	而且如果有些人熟悉佛教的二次死亡 , 佛教的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在这里我们发现 , 你的其他腿不需要去除 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨小肠内肿瘤ct诊断价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字法教学是海军保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港贸易开发委员会副总裁 , 香港 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这似乎似乎是我收到的腿 , 现在已经到了我自己的孩子了 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用一种称为重力镜的现象检测远程伽拉克斯 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了星球星球星球星系的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何对phd论文提出的小说搜索 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还表示他们喜欢通过消除空间消耗空间风格的设计灵活性 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特征之一是处理多个语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你急忙把你的女儿打开杯子 , 她在泪中断了下来 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑的注意:这个故事的原版本错过马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	木材在各种内部和事实中的木材料作为设计中最先用的材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	这些钱收集的钱被用来建立一个零的标志 , 进入体育场 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转动和学校一群当地战斗者在附近路边的一群地方战斗员 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间里的床紧紧紧紧紧紧接着窗户 , 而他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文描述了cjk200自动支持和排放变换器的发展和测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人也坐在室外 , 享受冷酷的夜空气 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超字符串的奇怪特征是 , 他们只能在10维中振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	我总是很困惑 , 当人们在仓库俱乐部的时候 , 他们的 " 拯救 " 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	比尔科尔毕业于1968年的wake森林大学 , 开始为pete染色工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰曼纳德和保罗曼纳德的父亲和曼纳德的硬件超级人儿子 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	我最喜欢的新增加了两个新增加的城堡筛选和字符进展 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们在酒店的酒店里开始了一个鸡尾酒 , 自由汽车 , 然后它打击了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	1995年中期 , 欧洲的10%无职率预计在1995年中期打12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有的标准都必须满足以下的标准 , 以便考虑到的是一个可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	上帝只能适应我们的研究 , 如果我们继续运动自己生活在我们学习的事情 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港艾滋病毒感染已积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 个体脑细胞会反应一个百分之一的大脑细胞 , 但不再是另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	宣传19:29个珍珠被准备为模拟器制备 , 并且要为愚蠢背部打击 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	随后 , 提出了直接序列和混合dsssth , 以便促进irma 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了三个物理学家作为 " 光学大师 " 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符外 , 字符都允许并不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉到frisky , 你在工作之前有十秒的时间 , 你知道哪里找到我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	但是我们都知道 , 事实上 , 每次时间比50毫米的时间更低 , 精度很差 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密的球队 , 超级球队 , 我肯定他会在这里享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器还使用在启动平台上监测虚假启动和正确的继电改变 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热锅和一小橄榄油 , 添加香草辊和轻轻松棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	亚伯广泛应用于国外 , 但很少在家里使用 。 这个研究只是在我国开始了 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以他们把这些故事带到了那个 " 胡夫和拉夫 " 的故事 , 把你的房子吹下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm拥有超过50个不同的项目促进美国银行的工作平衡和银行 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是 , 随着美国和美国的传统欧洲电力制造商的问题 , 可能有问题 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国保留修改这个术语和条件没有任何先前注意的权利 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到灰色反击的靴子 , 因为他在赫密尼前走下来的时候 , 他听到了灰色的靴子 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	娱乐 , 潮湿 , 呼吸 , 新娘泪 , 液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过xml定义特定值定义该合同的贡献插件 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府也理解这一党 , 最重要的生态学感觉到它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	在他们中间 , 异丙型imay是肺癌的特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可以选择石头所有的颜色 , 或者添加一个或两个超级石头的石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我在国内举办了所有的竞选 , 因为我丈夫和其他候选人 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	东方的协议和标准在讨论下 , 但没有达成共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我会感兴趣听到更多的价值 , 我们应该在评估刑事中优先化 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	这个党的机会比今年11月至少有一家国会的房子更好 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	对于lan/wan连接 , 推荐每包的音频框架下设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化和储存时间有显著影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 我们可能会称之为它们 , 它们都是快速的包含和周围的一分钟 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生不会把它的酒吧放在酒吧里 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	这是什么需要做事务信息的事务消息 , 这是amqp发送的 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	交叉、泥和消防热情的血和汗 , 在滴滴的颜色上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , 跨国工业界的增长将继续上升 , 联合国持有利益 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后 , 最优化rtl将编码生成器联合到代码生成器中 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	美国奥运会的特洛伊斯 , 第三次在484.25点完成了第三次 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是在非洲 , 这种描述可能比代谢者更多 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	你可以在巴哈马岛外部的远远洋岛屿 , 如果你正在寻找隔离和浪漫 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组的风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告的故事并不冷静 , 却有一些虚假的故事 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	谁是谁呢 ? 朱哈尔·穆拉德 , 这是第一个选择 。 我看到它在赛车上看到 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	他都能说 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他把胳膊拿出来 , 这样她可以看到垃圾袖 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我永远不觉得 , 但仍然有那么伟大的工作 , " 下一天的感觉 " 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后他躺在夜间醒来 , 他可能雇佣的所有魅力花园 。
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	随着小小的弱点 , 一些有助的提示 , 瑞士比你使用的东西更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我的旅程从拉斯维加斯到爱荷华 , 时候我是年轻、孩子和海军...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们称呼我 , 因为他和球员们带来了成功的球员 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	一天 , 天堂将部分和一个完美的 , 珍贵的切鲁布会在阳光下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	这是一个叫做蓝色印刷 , 一个蓝色的改革我们的金融规定改革 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我在这里有一个很强大的事情 。 " 直到学校 。
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	这个星期 , 新世界秩序的战线被暴露在世界贸易组织 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	纳贝预测似乎与其他美国经济信号有线 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文介绍了一种可以计算复杂表面加工中磨削力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分论述了中国外贸理论相对优势的作用 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男子的错误都是从不能单独坐在房间里的 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的运动 , 我经常吃鱼 , 没有捕捉任何东西 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然凯恩已经回到西方的奢华 , 他仍然承诺伊朗的承诺 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战争人士在中国和西方风格建立私人园林 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但是我们想购买的32英寸模型 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于计划区西部 , 邻近旅游区和下市区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	编写一个字符串 , 解释某些人需要知道这个函数的所有东西 , 以便使用这个函数 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后人们选择子意识地选择 , 不意识地忽视研究 , 与她的心一起去 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当拉菲金迪毕业于高中毕业时 , 他知道他想成为工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我将在太空里钻出一小洞 , 以阻止痛苦 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这是设置情绪、有效的过程 , 以及adams必须自我解决的 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来临时 , 草坪上没有什么东西 , 但蚂蚁抱怨胸痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情绪风格适用于你 , 意识到降低你的标准将是一个救济 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学校学术比赛将于本周六举行 , 12/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平、自由和平、稳定的环境 , " 雷雷尔人说 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	数学生在1697年开始和1697年的时候 , 没有4个这样的日期 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可能有助于经济增长的贡献 , 而且它也可以保持它的反馈 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为有一些自由的答案解决问题 , " 亚洲的k线说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 我们的研究表明 , 为什么瑞典发展的潜在原因 , 为什么它坚持 。
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源强化工业集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹晓为了阻止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球发布的中国动物的邮票 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子们用水翅膀保持自己在水里 , 学会游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保持和破坏混凝土基础安装工程 , 破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸书籍 , 咀嚼它 , 否则物理触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节省时间大幅减少你花费印刷和接触表项目的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩被海水池里游泳的所有鱼游泳 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个董事会在下一次西班牙上看 , 西班牙攻击 , 放短了 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性视网膜坏死的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	亲爱的是 , 丈夫回答: " 我错过了一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他忽略了那句话 , 虽然他的脑子在其他的东西 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	切蒂执行了一个著名的fake脂肪 , 关闭卡通对地板的权利 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 一个内在意识到正确的dwindles进入外部关注的外部关注 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾人民有一个伟大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	世界范围内 , 每年162亿美元独自在2009年的新城市投资 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何 " 街道 " 的衣服都是虚拟和运动的衣服 , 工作很好 。
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它改善了你的dps , 但是下面的是 , 你的图像不能触发任何刷子 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	太阳石晶体的无时间色彩使每天穿着这件皮肤理想的衣服 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	这里是一个更现代的例子 , 下一点哈哈哈夫咖啡还是什么东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣生了那夜 , 他一直睡在曼格拉6 , 因为他没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山一起解释 , 同时老皮革也秩序 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能力力强你的心和神经和神经 , 那么在他们走过之后 , 就会长时间 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇航文件管理器帮助你获得最聪明的电话 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	位置直接反对着shinagawajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	19777年伦敦 , 城市问题:马克思主义方法 , 伦敦 , 1977年 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在那个时候 , 我一直认为为什么有人会那么难以思考我的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们走出所有的杯子和抽屉商 , 发现我们未见过多年的事情 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	所有我珍惜的事情 , 如何影响那些躺在街上的人 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布消费者价格指数在一年下降1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	风波的运动 , 地球的波浪运动在同一和谐中永远是永远的 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机期间 , 所以不要辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	综述了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过分裂实践和准备 , 他们仍然是专业的学科和专业 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 超字符串比任何人预期的复杂更复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把你的背部放在你背上 , 来右边 , 你应该在你走到旗帜之前 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	另外 , 注意到在回答总体问题比详细的一个问题更有帮助 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充说: " 这是一个很好的节省 , " 他说 , 德格拉的生命停止了罗宾范佩西 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	银行债券市场股票和交易额占总市场的90% 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	本·拉登在1990年代的选举中 , 美国的投票部分实现了 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	他们的耐心和耐心的人都能赢得爱和关心他人的友谊 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们认为在接下来的25到30年里 , 机器人和人类会谈 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融范围也是一个威胁 , 高级公民通常是目标的 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	后来 , 肯尼亚人在睡眠中散步了金牌 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死中提起了他的朋友拉撒撒撒撒拉斯死亡了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六届国会复制第六届线之间有许多创新 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:缅甸政府给中国提供任何指示 , 是否会在康康康康康区移动吗 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学英语 , 国外学习 , 国外 , 学习外国 , 婚姻外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	明亮的气象被发现在英国 , 留下一个vivid绿色的铁路 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在80年代初 , 诺昂·切拉是集团的高级生存成员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能告诉他他 , 他真的需要做的事情只是深处 , 真正的对自己来说是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔李金晶体 , 皇家阿塔里奥博物馆 ; 多伦多 , 加拿大 , 加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在155555年 , 她的精神刑事带来了更严重的转变 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她的死亡和怀疑她的担忧-----------------------------------------
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	三十分钟后 , 她和她第一次记录的歌曲的cd发表了simran 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	因此 , 没有想到 , 快乐是那么高信任 , 缺乏自由和锻炼 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	现场2:建模周期行为集中于迭代行为建模 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗马尼 , 英国肖像画家 , 死于布莱亚的昆特利亚 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我意味着 , 我们失去了我们的人民技能 , 因为这里有很好的技术在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	然而 , 随着我们继续改善 , 我们的技术应变得越来越透明 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好吧 , 我又进床 , 五分钟后来到门上 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	诗的所有感觉:问大地 , 谁倡导和下降 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利能见证父母的婚姻 , 这年圣诞节的婚姻 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	而且 , 这两者之间的唯一差异 , 传统的写作是常规的方法 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期作家学到的作家 , 比如戒指lardner和sherwowodanderson 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小型仪器通过激励来消除组织和粘附 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 所有这些类型的事物 , 比如筛选 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 总统在工作状况下 , 我认为是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请大批著名武术名字作为教练和咨询师 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	与 " 陪审 " 的裤子写在海内 , 我穿那件衣服吗 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第二章结束了全部太快 ; 战争、恐惧和政治分裂我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	它可能被腐败 , 因为病毒在内部被腐败 , 因此它正在制造外国蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙蒙蒙山石氧化物对国家标准和人类的安全性 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我在路上一点 , 我会议 , 有时候在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者对基本kiva3v程序添加了一些新的代码 , 并使其编译 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只有走鞋子 , 我不能穿裙子或裙子 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他得到了认识和批准阿尔比协议的认识和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了对抗std战斗性不稳定程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你曾经发现 , 广场的角落总是很容易损害 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我觉得早期极端探索者 , 就像我为走了自己的时候 , 我就想起了自己 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nuwa感觉很抱歉 , 决定修复天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	结论化疗治疗可能是颈癌的主要流行方法 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭咨询员提醒父母不要采取孩子们说的事实 , 就像gospel真相一样 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	py显示了任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量级别 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 转换到中级或初级汽油将消除敲击 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是在未来的芯片中 , 科斯的带宽要求可能会导致野心的流动 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计一种基于虚拟声学的音频辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	大米、棉和蔬菜种子有时生长在特种种种种子中 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生命采取时间 , 欣赏我们周围的自然文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港举行的篮板节日和竞争对手 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 罗伦达·zezula , 欢迎博客 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	邮政作家在2003年在巴黎举行了80年代 , 然后在巴黎晚些时候 , 在巴黎 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	七十辆汽车 , 随着风 , 你们穿过花花的生命 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	科尔chner先生似乎是新鲜的面对 , 她跑到一个共同的建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧化物对我们的身体的细胞很有毒 。 不要冻结你的 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但是我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的源头不会根据这个葡萄牙的方式 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 哦 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个人一起去教堂 , 和另一个人一起出来了 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事情 。 我不想写任何故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在三个安装中 , 是来自中国写的人们的过度报告 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文中提出的文档文档文档文档文档文档文档文档文档文档文档文件是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	大汗再次升起来 , 在一个圈子里 , 等待他们的劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中写了这篇记录 , 真的是事故发生的 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我跪在胸里 , 把我的下面的贝尔和他们的拳击打到我走出来 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样的是世界上最主要的移动的真相 , 他们都出现了世界的实例区域 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫特克基说 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变行为 " 如果希望与伊朗的新关系 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你可以简单地设置宽度200至200 , 高达45 , 然后接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个可以用于工作、娱乐、好的桌子 , 通常会关闭 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动循环时 , 它会像真正的axe一样行动 。 这张图像使它更清楚 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	反政治主义非常强烈的进入英国感到他们是谁的英国感觉 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家们已经发现了当地宇宙的最完整的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对于任何查询 , 请联系我们2406806或访问我们的网站 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	这不像过去的一样高兴 , 但是平均工作男性和女性的平均工作更好 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	目前 , 大量其他非洲国家的爆发正在调查 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 每个侧部和背部攻击的规则被制定 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	只有你只能清醒 , 还有和平和的休息 , 就像你收到你的身体和灵魂 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种可分解的可分解理论 , 并证明了一种可分解的理论 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们去堡垒城 , 中国皇帝一直住在洛杉矶 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	许多人相信 , 这是雷米利亚 , 在大西洋失去岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中建立无毒性、抗原性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	不要完成日子 , 模拟过程可以在第二次运行 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	市场力量和预算决定的表现并不与付款相关 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	他说: " 我想保持下去 , 至少有两十年或两年的时间 。 "
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	墙上的一只墙面 , 我从knapsack中拿了一本小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华华 , 西北部一州在太平洋的太平洋 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉帕西尼看起来很惊讶 。 " 你是什么意思 , 我的女儿 ? " 他问道 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只要在这里找到喝不到沙味 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	骨骼对增加者有一个问题 , 我们希望在下周恢复他和种子 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻我 , 闻到厚的闻闻真是让人们想吃一只 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你完成测试你的新行动时 , 关闭helloapp.pli的编辑器 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花一些时间和它一起花费 , 来完成思维 , 留下和返回 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	土地slip行动的非线性动力学特性复杂 , 外部和消耗 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股的书价值为5.333美元 , 前四季的5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是有效的实现和一些组织能力克服这些问题的 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1mcp处理和mack包在贮存期间的broccoli治疗效果 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的口袋 , 他嘴里不够肌肉在他的嘴里 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在绍兴工作前面收到信件 , 姐姐姐姐姐姐姐姐姐姐姐姐姐姐与我的心脏一起 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 它转化出假设 , 标准建立在通常标签中 , 可能是虚假的 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了g5动态系统测量膜厚度在线测量成功 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	这个项目还希望存储信息 , 这样它可以用于研究和医学目的 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	通过比较国内外房地产金融的比较 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文结合模糊差分方程的工作 , 研究了模糊差异方程的工作 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	本周的洪水仍然在上升 , 在俄亥俄州的部分地区 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们的头部 , 外部化和投影在其他人身上 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	哺乳动物核转移在过去几年的发展过程中实现了很多突出 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在某种意义上 , 油价的价格通常在经济过热时扮演利率的角色 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	白色石头的年龄在西班牙和意大利完成了:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上述激励人民 , 但少数老板都有真正的激励员工的能力 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰服装有限公司是您最信任的产品库 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制遗传学 , 但还有其他的贡献因素导致你能控制细胞 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你怎样创造个人品牌 ? 衣服男孩网络观看下面的点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五十三章是区域审美优于hip手术总审美术的前提 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特色6开窗户 , 一个电视镜和性别的电视镜和3个decklanterns !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我访问北京时 , 一位小先生给我带一张他的老师照片 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	波斯坦凝结的是 , 大量相同粒子占据相同的量子状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	该公司表示 , 市场上有两种高定义dvd , 导致购买公众混乱 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你们说他们称之为我们的想象 , 大预算电影不再能实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿的亲密朋友和专门助理人员 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的国王当作另一个完全意识的物种 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	翻译的行为是指连接歌曲的行动 , 并附加一个150个字符评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不使用妊娠状况、癫痫、心脏、高血压、脑损伤 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	开发了系统的动态模型 , 并得到了动态方程的数值结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些将帮助你进步改善技术 , 坦尼和当然的实现 , 如果做出了很好的话 , 那么就会让你进步了 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了10w/30eq/cc级发动机油的形成和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些艺术品都需要维修 , 必须周围工作 , 并且如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 。 卡尔威尔哈德在联合国的城堡酒店里举办了一个活动 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的ythritor介频电源开发电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特塞威茨博士的职业导致他在非洲建立医疗临床 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	细胞通过机械方法、冻结和整体过程 , 使细胞被传递 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章分析了晚清代翻译的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	通过计算 , 产生了要求纳米结构的纳米结构 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	普通放松技术包括冥想、心灵、太阳和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个简单的点 , 您也可以注册一个.移动域 , 这将被拘留到移动内容的移动域 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	获得了晶体系统改进mc公钥晶体系统的类型 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗塔亚 , 我出生在哪里 , 曾经是以前的乌托斯拉维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于porcelain表面装饰和其用途的装饰纸 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	在第二部分 , 讨论了离散非复发的锂值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一种基于碘的对比被注射到血流中 , 看作它周围旅行的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想让老电脑里的话 , 选项包括回收、回收和捐赠 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文还讨论了分布指数建设和分布检索的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	因为我们有这样的反向分离 , 直到我们是一个受害者 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源稀少 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国所有的主要政策变化都是有限范围内试验和错误的结果 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送他无罪的儿子去承担我们所需的罚金的全部破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们在数学问题上找到许多方式 , 尽可能工作这个数学问题 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	因此 , 当供应链时 , 企业家家欧莫里成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感恩卡斯通常是形状的矩形 , 而广场的平方储备了曼达拉斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	就像这样 , 神经毒素一样 , 与人类的商业比血毒更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要声箱使用边缘和角落不同的角度设计 , 线线成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	webapp.net使用xml允许多个异步渲染和符合更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时代 , " 佩宁 " 全球盟友来自消失饮用声音的工作人员 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特里亚的孩子和成年人遭受大脑损伤的孩子和成年人 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	厨房-一个经验的球员将试图跟随车辆的机会 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	蒂米:但是我是1 ) 恐怖猫 , 保持猫不会对我感兴趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师使用brm工具定义艺术和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将超过几个月的等候 , 当他的第二季正式开始时 , 让他搬迁 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以通过bugugzilla和另一个由源控制系统组合的饲料 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	克罗里说 , 非洲马上的干旱是不令人惊讶的气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群的火灾机制是复杂的 , 没有一组复杂的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	多种基于gpu的系统在这里 , 与今天的编程模型很难和谐 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	与沈福治疗后 , 有些患者的症状明显改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说太多了 , 恩妮斯 , 你儿子的儿子 , 我希望我知道我怎样去问你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	另外 , 根据学生选择的主题 , 还有1015页的最后一篇文章 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开马里 , 获得了良好的教育 , 使她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你为你的问题做责任别人 , 你可能会感觉像有错过你那样的复仇 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	法官先前表示 , 他甚至批准卡瑟琳杰克逊对象的合同 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们有两个主要产品类别 , 一个是文件中心应用和另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师经常告诉我 , 在谈话之后 , 告诉病人说 , 很多原因我曾经受过过过过过过过过过的原因 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二 , 三英尺长的角落在狼疮的rhino:它是广泛的和平坦的 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而 , 我宁愿看到一个年轻人祷告的祷告比最亲爱的罗特祷告者 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是一个阿卡恩通信的手段 , 这对于最多的部分应该被废除 。 "
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看到她在香港玩得更好 , 我觉得她不会在最后一轮时失望 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	鲍伊尔说: " 幸运的是一个比如 , 你知道 , 长途旅行 , 长途旅行 。 "
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	" 使用你的手的优点是 , 你总是和你一起拥有他们 , " sianporter说 。
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在一次饮酒会议期间 , 他的一名员工们在他们的星期间应该把维生素放在他们的周日里 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重损失实际上是连续函数 , 因此每个数据都应附加 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	没有问题永久 , 暴雨总是给太阳带来的途径 。 冬天总是变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	电视台将演员描绘为好莱的电影在蒂芬安的早餐 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子穿过我的电话和uhm , 可能叫你 , 所以如果你能 , 请把你的名字放在那里 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	好吧 , 这是墨西哥的兄弟 , 伊达安在背边 , 这是古马拉的兄弟 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定到我们带入世界的价值 , 历史上价值意味着我们的职业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站是聚集站或链接线站的 , 在一些情况下 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	实验激烈 。 跳出大品 , 货物也会让它自己做好 。 试着错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	与两种方法相比 , 剪力分解法的电力特征数的结果比剪力分解法更好 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 如果我是你 , 我不会试图喂这些小的作家 , 他们咬了 , 可以携带疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	对dddd3单晶的纯剪切行为的研究进行了实验研究 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列清洁和智慧的装饰下 , 命令os防御 , 外出军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个委员会 , 联合国官员 , 一对突出版本和法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林 , 使用甲酸盐和导弹剂用于医疗吸收 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种方式对非执行贷款进行分配 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来了我最后的建议 , 不要试图从什么不存在的东西提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	谈论矿山爆炸电梯积累器的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在学习自行车车巷的半公路措施 , 同时允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	1979年9月 , 李阳在1979年9月创立了85名员工 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念无限扩展在公路信息化表达高速公路上 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议我们明天早上去xxxxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学会如何面对失败或失败 , 勇敢地勇敢 , 并且试图处理它 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的转变模式来处理它们的缓慢的羽毛 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表iii:药物溶解性、聚合物和填充剂在研究、水和酒精中使用 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	他说: " 这样 , 当它来到晚餐时 , " 他说 , " 巴斯塔酱不加加加糖味的英国 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp还拥有另外一个重要的it事件 , 每年都是hp电子世界的最终用户 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道 , 新疆被认为是优秀的学校 , 更好的学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	这个例子是一个ifthen规则 , 因此 , 如果条件和其相应的行动 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	他们介绍了bittorent支持 ; 浏览器边缘 ; 一个好的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时间使用的端点地址只是一个位置者 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	与她的能力感到印象 , vozda提供了公司法律执法的工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	路透和震击部队在马什的一天 , 就像鸭子一样落在天空里 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例内固定dhs内固定dhs内固定的影响 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	矢量电压的测量可以从样本的序列数据中得到 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉莉安:如果我告诉她在一个很好的路上 , 带她一个沙威奇去让她快乐吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或高峰 , 或者海岸 , 或者指向公园的角色一定程度 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说: " 自我意味着 " 不仅仅是精神崩溃 ? "
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	nasolabal角仅反映了上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部文件的特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫斯教练里克·卡里斯勒说: " 我很高兴他 , 我很高兴为他 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	一个新的订单子指数下跌至52.8年9月份的52.8点 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年为永久居民提供了一个应用程序 , 他还没有收到它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	本文提出了一种基于plc的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在那些早期的时候 , 它打开了监狱门 , 使得委员会员会员们的任务 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl+c和ctrl+++v建立新的实现只需要二秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	塞拉格说 , 岩石的海水释放将会提高海水平 , 但并不多 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人死在池子里 , 都要让几乎完美的死亡 , 或者是在岩石上喷洒 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	血清由锚杆运输到内纳纳纳纳 , 第一辆穆斯勒拿起血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱情发生到了所有时代的人 , 因为一个内部生活变化 , 以及一个机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	袭击的首席嫌疑是阿尔巴巴巴巴巴 , 美国指定恐怖组织的恐怖分子 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今年 , 为你今天的祝福 , 明天为您的祝福:出现和青年美丽的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	虽然我们说不平等的原因是因为你想一下 , 总是参考很多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他的篮子数字超过30% , 只有68%的篮子帮助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备也是更多基本的 , 涉及少的脚 , 并且所有手在3d纸币上处理 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2.环境只展示与vip客户的会议 , 以实验其所有者结婚和可靠...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	去年4月 , 汽油价格独自增长了3.3% , 而且在过去一年上涨了333.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站着 , 走过去跟波罗记者谈话 , 罗伯特因为罗伯特捐了他的黑色玫瑰 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于美丽的乡镇 , 是 " 中国的摩托车 " 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	在课程创新中 , 学校教师在课程创新中的作用强烈出现了改变 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	城下坡矿缓慢填满盐brine , 表面补充 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成分:热germ油 , 慈善 , 洗涤器 , 橙色花 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看我脚 , 奶奶奶冻霜决定做一双布的靴子 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它不尊重地跳起来 , 打击猎兵 , 它在他们身上扔了一块刀刀 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是bron , 你是19岁的 , 你还没有达到你的主人 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何合理使用添加剂 , 提高了cathode铜质量的方法 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一种形状的形状和抛光高精度的双功能 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一件绝对不想要的事情是他们不希望进口他们的个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普德游泳非常高度被认为是全国最好的城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	九十五房 , 金利 , 1115号北山路 , 深圳区 , 沈阳 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二次猜到自己 , 他们不会谈论自己的事情 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:分析2006年唐山的临床诊断结果 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	垃圾、木板和其他可燃材料必须从热工作领域删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这个正式关系的存在给你带来了解工作环境规则的权利 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 涵盖你的战术 , 心理战略是保护操作工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分阐述了生态社会主义理论和生态社会主义的理论 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文分析了音频文件存储格式和复制音频波形的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可以分割橡胶 , 闪光过流和不可接受的文化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸鱼捕捉战斗的伤疤被安静的战斗斗斗争留下来 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	根据诺达说 , 财产损害估计在81美元和108亿美元之间 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个业务旅行 , 我清楚要带来大多数商业卡通项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文学并不抱怨 , 总结 , 分析了早期的分析 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球的煤气流体显示核酶活性 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现上述例子 , 您使用常规的表达来执行替换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了远程传感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	仿真陶瓷 , 直线安全米晶体陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们把自己认真的看起来是另一部分的出现 , 关注面对面对的面对 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	用神经医学抽象检测皮肤prick测试的热原子 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图片:澳大利亚的珊瑚泡沫 , 大堡礁礁/马特kiefer , 闪烁器 , 闪烁器 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了快速 , 真正的餐厅 , 试着蛇停下一条边街 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一位父亲 , 几乎是一个铁匠 , 带着他的儿子在生活艰难的努力下 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	本文第一章介绍了qsar和adcking方法、进展和应用的综述 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了乙烯的催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	你曾参加医院接受医疗治疗或过去两年的医院 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	腹部紧张性被注意到 , 皮尔维奇检查显示颈部运动紧张性 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇一起都是传统烹饪的 , 给了 " 龙虎战斗 " 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	id也指出了快乐原则 , 这也代表自我重力的原则 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不在自己的建设上借钱 , 为印度最新的一代建设 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	该系统可以利用传输带宽更有效地实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后提出了基于v基于v的固体溶液类型的研究焦点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	根据计划 , 最大的基金资金来源是销售回到补贴 , 并且已根据计划进行 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温和硫酸的关系制备活性粘土 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前租赁允许您请求你在某些时期内的紧张假期吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最确保路径 , 每个人都能努力工作 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思维服务和谐的气氛 , 护士家里真的是老年的家 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工购买332杂志 , 44部电影和29本非电影书 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克林先生:亲爱的 , 你为什么不告诉我这是什么 。 我肯定我能帮助你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可能会采取错误的鸟类 , 通过手柄和草坪种子来污染 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去的努力达到健康保健改革的一次会议 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	该公司拥有自己的研究和发展基地 , 生产基地在上海、上海和陕西省 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	凯瑟琳建议: " 让我们住在城镇边缘的廉价的电子电子电子电子电子电子电子电子电子电脑上 。 "
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 问题仍然关注精度和其他太阳周期的适用性 。 "
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	白发高大的男子拿出来 , 是阿尔伯特 , 莫莉的姐姐的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	在泰国 , 一个人走了一条巨大的雨道 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免在越南战争中避免服务 , 并将根源放下来 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要组件:cactus萃取液、橄榄油、维生素b5 , geranums 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作搜索错误是成功的训练地面 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但是 , 很多相比的是 , 我发现最有兴趣的事情还是很抱歉 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们很惊讶地听到损害 , 订单仔细地包装在船舶之前的工厂 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢得者采取机会 , 比如其他人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但他们拒绝让恐惧控制他们 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	城市警察官不会充分支付 , 而且甚至还没有足够的气体资金 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分 , 学习新闻文章的编写过程 , 比如记者在这个免费期刊培训视频的记者 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有一个强大的工作市场时 , 组织需要做什么他们能吸引顶级候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次在客户前面放置 , 问解释某些事情是日常的经历 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要落入相信的悲剧 , 因为你不能测试每行代码 , 你必须测试任何东西 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是 " 最糟糕的巴克记录我曾经做过的记录 , 也是最为平静的 。 "
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火灾和风围绕着一切 , 爬上青年树 , 促进青年布鲁什 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页内容由illy港口或illy海关进出口公司目录 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我曾经通过我的绘画表达出关心 , 看到人类和环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用多线程应用高效分配系统资源的高效分配 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男性建议不要喝21个单位 , 一个星期和14岁的女性 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	在崩溃状态中pnipam的时间常数近温度和浓度依赖 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部约束元素将在热射线铝锡铁灰色中 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包装床是1980年开发的高重力气体平衡设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	不管我学到什么语言 , 我总是试着看我的杯子 " 全半 " 的杯子 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要被插入 , 如果一个厨师把你的账单放到灯中 , 以检查其实体 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔兰 , 拉米米尔、拉米米和霍斯顿认为 , 葡萄酒可以成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	飞机a320是从莫斯科飞到基内瓦时 , 试图出现hijajajacking 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	当然 , 50名学生发现6家公司和樱桃公司是其中一个 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自那时以来 , mcdonald和它的弗朗西斯已经删除了11 , 000家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界图书馆的书馆和图书馆可以在这个年代edown负载的相关吗 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家们只能解决一小量的病例 , 例如两个平行板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这项发现还增加了困惑 , 以确定女性的最佳战略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	我并不同意他的一些情绪评估我是个独特的摩龙 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃哈里奇的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马尔西亚最为流行的现代马尔西亚人 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 有限制使它全部不可能卖f22的日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	马萨西亚是一个典型的中场者 , 他将会展示他要展示的重要潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六我们又看到了柏林 , 与迈克哈尔戈尔·戈尔巴切夫一起 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这是一种水果 , 来自纳华尔的水果 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	随着猴王走进洞穴 , 其他动物覆盖着岩石门 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的路径比必要多了m2m , 但是它肯定要做最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	在18881年铁路到达铁路之后 , 建立的是一项快速发展的邮件 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我发现我们的主要帐篷足够艰难 , 永远不会想到北极的树木 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	该反应由异常震、紫外线、尿尿病和血管瘤表现 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄林抗凝胶周围有许多小金矿床 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	一个底部的迭代中心方法集中在发现和现有it资产的特征上 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	学习角色 , 因此 , 在需要的时候 , 可以替换正常的演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	由于一些很高收入 , 德拉顿解释说 , 平均比媒体更高 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可能会重新编写下次的变化 , 它再生这个站点 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 所以我们从未写过它 , 但是我们发现一些有趣的早期事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	即使新语言交付优秀游戏经验 , 即使是要战争 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你发现你喜欢的公寓 , 将应用程序提交到土地或财产经理立即提交到 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期还可以恢复优越的诺达奇单位:攻击是一个日期的观看字 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	在研究中获得的单色体染色体是大米领域染色体3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	他创造了最小雕塑 , 保持有机形状和纹理的关系 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	除了前几年之前 , 还没有历史的创伤历史 , 除了她的地下杯子数年 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	另外 , 还描述了西方旅游者的西方旅游者 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 不可避免印度 , 必须确保他们的政府财务更小心地准备他们的政府财务 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	20111年夏天 , 生产开始在秋季 , 电影预计在2011年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	烦恼但是严肃的英语你是我梦想到的红十字球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	沙巴现在控制只有40%的摩加利亚 , 几个月前的60% 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	随着温暖的天气预测在西班牙 , 德国人说 , 他的日子应该站在好的稳定阶段 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例糖尿病成功开放 , 成功率92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特性如分离、循环影响周围的火柴 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	好吧 , 这是非常决定的 , 看起来似乎是如果 , 可是 , 所有的事情都是没有的 , 你知道的 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德·斯洛特说 , 他在她的酒店附近离开了一个海滩附近的海滩 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	在这里 , 她不仅谈到真正的风险因素 , 她也规定出来的迹象可能是错误的 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并不比祈祷者更有效 , 当它似乎可以解释合作的时候 , 就可以解释出来 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据秩序要求 , 可以设计可调节的两个可调节的梯子 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	在1980年的马拉纳帕丁尼州马拉登帕丁尼州的一名诗人迹象中没有迹象 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分支有限公司是一家正式专业装饰公司的良好信仰 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 我喜欢这个城市的一切都是那么艰难的 。 "
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几个理论实例 , 表明了表面的地面正确性 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例表明 , 在源中使用的代码页面也是windows使用nglish 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设置温度高时 , 可知性与加热速度有负关系 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很伟大 , 中国食物丰富 , 让我们享受我们的午餐男人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特写作是当前的贝尔 , 艾米莉作为欧利斯贝尔 , 安妮斯·贝尔的行动 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	我永远不会忘记那些日子 , 在军队生活中 , 士兵们对我的生活有很大的影响 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	布莱姆第一次回来的事情 , 给她的丈夫和亲吻 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , 路易是可处理的 , 减少路透的风险将恢复的风险 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一种方法来返回其类别的标签和方法绑定克服行动的方法 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰与一个停止者和覆盖的英格兰人才 , 探讨了terry和ferdindand的才华 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果你想要语义正确的数字比较 , 您应该使用双指数 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	居住大学自由的自由 , 暂时忘记过去的过去 , 流动着享受现今的现状 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	在空气中不能穿越皮肤不能穿越皮肤的辐射形式 , 而且不能穿越皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后 , 提出了集团开发战略实施混凝土建议和措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	总体来说 , 我仍然是人类和我们的社会中有益和无害的人之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种腐蚀盆地被关闭 , 进化成一个沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 当移动相位移动相的时候 , 积极和热情都有助于保持足够的分离 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化都带来了新鲜的服装、衣服、珠宝和身体颜色到新收藏 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	当会议金融集团对外国酒店的影响时 , 是因为 " 狼 " 来 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	罗纳德·雷根说: " 我生命的四个战争 , 因为美国太强劲了 。 "
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	九月份 , 该公司在2010年9月份推出了销售预计 , 到了25%至600万辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	不会反对中国的内部事务的原则 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨guillianbre综合征患者电子学特征 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	因为肾脏产生癌症 , 肾病可能导致肾脏缺乏肾脏病 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	为了担心别人 , 信念别人 , 事实上 , 缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他积极说 , 动物在生命期间获得一定的特点 , 因为他们的环境和选择 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	外缸和内缸之间的差距离开 , 空气在空气中泵入真空 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有人设计这个有趣的矢量解析 , cute , 可访问monster类型字符 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913年 , 他没有出版任何与1912年至1913年至1912年至1913年的法律结构相关的事情 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以在html指定位置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	给出了mmmm4utm4utm4utmutm4u电磁镜中的血浆稳定性和潜在限制配置的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 这些交换属性描述了系统平衡状态的平衡状态的状态 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	本文介绍了单扫描链设计中存储元素的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文用宏观树脂治疗废水产生硫胺的废水 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	为了负责党的工作和政府直接执行的机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	这位绅士在军队和政治环境中有着密切的联系 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一辆汽车到达标准的车辆 , 不可维护的车道运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用来治疗急性和慢性肠炎和糖尿病引起的细菌或真菌的治疗 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	1880年 , 1892年和1892年密封大脑保护地位 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察合成康复治疗糖尿病综合征综合征的效果 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小剂量dohicky2:阳光不容易被清理 , 雨天和雨天清洗 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后 , 四艘船被两种类型037型抗病毒巡逻工艺加强 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和发展作为一种新治疗烧伤和伤口愈合的新治疗 , 还是解决这个问题 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医学:很多pepsin , 胰腺素 , 更多的酶皮 , maifeed等待 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对游戏参数的影响很小 , 但没有减少aw 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	卡加马文化交流集团首席成员jiuua会见 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前冠军罗尼奥斯利夫人相信 , 丁俊华有什么东西去走路 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	时间部署工作安全 , 严格执行领土监管责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区的公安工作将面临着发展与面对面临的网格挑战 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需要驱动it部门实现基于标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划设备其他超光针 , 电动机从10至60公里的电动机转向 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在已经被新老板带来了 , 而其钱的麻烦似乎是过去的事情 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑到我们都是印第安人 , 它将解释我们彼此教导 , 这将不会导致许多骑士 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	但是 , 有关那些能从死者或鬼子或性别交流的人群的各种事情 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	sift将干燥成分组成混合碗中 , 添加在方向蝴蝶中 , 膝盖形成粗糙的成分 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行银行的政治家们讲话很多 , 这样的观点似乎不会采取持有 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗明星价格为5星提供 , 市场上不匹配的价值建议 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我觉得读者得到了这个点 , 在某些时候我们都是这样的行动:我们太忙于做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	而且基本上所有的事情 , 以及其他一些人 , 他们生活中有什么感谢网球 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在很多情况下 , 他们干扰了我国正常经济秩序 , 影响了许多高质量货品市场的市场 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑法 , 税收相关犯罪犯包括各类机构的税收制度 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 基于hikivision的图像捕获板的图像捕获器的图像捕获器 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另外一个部分可能在辩论原则上稳定 , 例如识别瀑布 , 或者理解偏见 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否在做街道摄影或访问自然或人造网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能做一只双侧脚 , 寻找寻找在你的兴趣方向扩大目前的位置 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将会通过你的头部的冠军来填补你的身体 , 你不会真的习惯 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度变化 , 优化模型降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	这些年来 , 通道的主要特点是多路径传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都是底下的 , 金钱总是使决定 , " 皮尔莱格里诺告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	沙米波罗和其他产品设计的产品不能阻止头发损失或促进头发的重视 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	温室实验结果表明 , 生物控制效率可达到72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有人认为我们坐在不太远的未来的峰顶上 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周在我们系列、拉里西和玩具风险描述了抗war运动的抗war运动 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使是在一个适合学习中心或领导旅游的历史网站需要一个主人 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	新加坡人和新加坡prs将在16岁以上的所有新加坡人士和新加坡人士 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	介绍了hl7中间件实现的方法 , 介绍了多参数监测器的实现方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我在我的平原列表上 , 我的命令链不会移动我问的话 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆上市公司是一家运营模式的初步研究的例子 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵风险分析模型具有独特的理论和解决这些问题的方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来分支支付的价值分支价值的商业学者方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么说呢 ? 连续里没有呼吸 ? 无法再生 ? 还有没有死亡 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	刑罚:大规模警告未来暴力的惩罚 , 类似于巴罗 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一部分解释了这个成本更完全 , 因为它探讨了启动成本的初始投入 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动学的科学研究是认知事物和客观法的认知过程 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	可是费尔的妻子林达 , 还有一个猎物是错误的: " 你知道妻子 , 就像是个疯狂的 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	在基因组的原则中 , 每个版本都估计60 , 000基因是相同的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员寻找这个主题 , 这个作者应该进入政府来做什么呢 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想要匹配这些字符verbatim , 您必须使用逃跑背景 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当2008年欧洲冠军运用模式时 , 预测赢得者不会让它成为第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	随着多功能死亡 , 平方和圆孔角形角形钢梁制造 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	良好的心灵是广泛、慷慨的 , 和宇宙的耐受人类的利益 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我首先表达我们的最诚挚的祝贺 , 班级实现了优秀的结果和班级的结果 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	沿着湾中心的地方 , 赢得了一个国家建设 " luban奖 " 现代园林广场 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几个星期 , 我的26岁的儿子戴维德 , 在我和他去大西洋城市的时候 , 我和他一起去 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	这家银行有信任客户的信任 , 并没有看到任何有意义的基金流 , 电话说 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	保险游泳者迪安娜·尼达已经成为第一个人从古巴游泳到美国 , 没有鲨鱼笼 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	博恩告诉记者说: " 总统不负责这份立法 。 " 博纳告诉记者 。
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事显示了贫穷国家癌症现实和其对人们和他们的家庭的影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在阿克马尔沙克之后 , 精神上病人 , 明天你在短期的水平上你是一年的 !
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	根据相关规定 , 任何人违约规定或禁止审查人员将被处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许不到一个kiloton , 这听起来像很多 , 但是实际上是小的核设备 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在更基本的水平上 , 美国人害怕不仅是死亡 , 而且谈论和思考死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	太阳后来 , " 陪审luen意识 " 阅读: " 中国伟大的时代 , 没有云变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球inc是美国在华盛顿海滩、加利福尼亚的一家公司 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常情况下 , 大型制造商将拥有超过医疗设备qs规范的质量系统 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个人喜欢道德化的人通常是一个假设 , 而女人也是同样的女人 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	虽然我们没有人会独立改变宇宙的过程 , 集体地我们能做到这一点 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 可是 , " 他补充道 , " 通过我们领导的神和智慧 , 这些插件被中性化 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	龙珠山地区野生花的阿布斯科洛西亚研究和它的应用 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记住 , 上帝的名字代表了我们的名字 , 耶和华上帝自己是这个塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用废弃一个基础推进剂 , 通过证据钢板判断电荷的破坏情况 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自从fda上3月开始严重的药物 , amgen的股份占美国的27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文综述了almg合金合金的实验调查和添加的合金添加剂的实验调查 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	根据消息集的消息设置 , 这是未被关于okoker文件系统 , 并且根据消息集中保存的 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰b.watson在处理孩子的极端公司 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该需要多少字来解释图片意味着什么意思或者你所包含的原因 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	佩普尔 , 巴塞尔 , 奥根 , 土耳其 , 你们 , 利米 , 狮子 , 洋葱和蒜只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	试着在床前清楚你的思想 , 让我们想积极的想法想起艾滋睡眠的积极思想 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但是在中国在1992年加入npt之后 , nsg在2004年加入npt , 至少有官方的帮助 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	汉妮问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金正是个人不能爱一个人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村资本投资低效率的问题在于我国农村投资的不足和低效率 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	对于一段时间来说 , 姨扇也有大型的乳腺 , 她也打开了 , 然后她推出来 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有嘴 , 注意眼睛 , 坚持肢体 ; 这些嘴唇不聪明 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	爷爷 , 告诉我你怎么做的事情 , 有些天我想做最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚总统罗马尼亚是黑海地区的大西洋主义基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与肝脏的直接联系是很好的理解 , 但是酒精对其他机器官的影响是什么 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但是我觉得这是时间重新评估我所做的事情 , 还是他们是否对我存在的价值添加任何值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中最后的接收项目 , 包含额外的html类:在线需要 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 " 谢上帝 " 的周五 , 单词通常只使用在星期四 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	爱德·贝格利杰先生 , 61岁的演员和演员们一直在做它比他们的任何人更长 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很艰难 , 我是幸运的 , 我知道我想要的是什么 。 如果那么坏女人 , 好吧 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们询问关系专家在打击前应该讨论的问题 , 这里是13个问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	北京官方首席福布斯 , 自2002年以来 , 加迪epstein已经覆盖了中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一站是东城 , 东莞县的座位已经在出口贸易中出口力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	我们有关国家卫生服务的立法 , 十年前 , 没有事情发生 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到现在 , 本文根据实际实践的模型 , 建立了基于模型的框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客触摸一个人 , 让他们知道他需要通过 , 但是允许他的手比必要更长 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他去了她 , 为她早期的信仰抱着她 , 保证她的搜索已经结束了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipsjtomcat.zip到您的tmcat安装的webapps目录的根据 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	这个团队只展示了ezh2磷的细胞 , cdk1分化成骨细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但是中国并不认识这一事实 , 如果他应该做到这样的话 , 那么他就会消除他的优越感觉 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长调节剂对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘记这些关于礼物的基本真理时 , 它总是导致教堂中的麻烦 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了实现马里亚的未来 , 必须完成许多条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	弗兰克保罗博士是来自瑞士联邦联邦科技学院的专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	佛电影合同和叶片长 , 迷失或婚礼 , 没有像任何东西一样形成牙齿的一部分 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	实现监测、检查和质量控制在室内和子承包钢制造和焊接部分的质量控制 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种氢基因和应用程序 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	紧密的商店尝试和控制货币 , 只能依靠自己的内部创新机械和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 这可能会使得这些限制的食物受益于部分饮食的限制 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救援努力并不足以得到组装行其他地方重新恢复 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:201年房间2014间 , 陶瓷研究机构 , 凤溪路 , 潮州 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于乙烯离子离子电极的平行甲醇-丙烯酰胺-pc膜电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和keleton对象也需要关心开始和承诺容器管理事务的开始和承诺 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我会在天堂和地球 , 血 , 和火和枕头吸烟 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自从新世纪开始以来 , 这个主题的大规模介绍开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年建立了中国著名的中国现代绘画和书法网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用建立了inotify通信 , 可用函数作为跟踪跟踪 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠行为是心理病范围下降的意识之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	根据中国法律 , 进入非法的那些进入了中国的法律 , 他们应该被中国的法律处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液测试早期可靠 , 7周前进入妊娠 , 而超声不会 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc媒体也增加了bm血管在vivo模型中血管的摄入量和cvo血管的caliber 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 通常在你的眼睛里泪 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败 , 他的妻子将有一个可怕的剂量 , 证据证据与他面对他 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是突出的关键是一个关键的变化 , 而且自动变化是全球和扩散 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望莎莎的同学或朋友在国外可以阅读你的评论 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了catv图形组件库 , 只是艾滋软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但是牛奶充满白血细胞 , 使牛奶变得更快 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	另外 , 烹饪和可食品质主要由f-1组合的gca和sca测定 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	该技术支持uclidean距离测量和lftucidean距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	凯斯特说: " 客户被设计为治疗常见化疗治疗的治疗方案 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	最新的星期 , 汽油价格平均下跌7美元.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她的itter准备去苏格 , 发现所有的视频剪辑比记录中的所有视频剪辑的力量比起来的力量更强 。
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然 , 你可以买一些不锁定的电话 , 现在它通常是一个运营的尼克手机 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验表明 , 金属离子对脂肪半径、表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	" 如果我从美国开始 , 我将花费更多时间寻找基金的时间 , " 江说 。
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果有神经学差异的话 , 它可以解释重要行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干燥化学试验方法和尿液沉积镜检测方法的临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一名伟大的员工 , 为我团队提供了重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	这个记者有权选择并发表在本杂志发表的写作和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第十二条小规模税人或税务服务的利率依据应当是6% 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组电机功能显著提高治疗后 , 尤其是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	干旱通过亚热带传播 , 伴随热波和强烈的野火 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张约翰·莱恩和约翰·莱恩诺的照片 , 他们就像一个滑滑滑的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的黑发和银色的玻璃使他成为哈利波特的死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮件发给美国电子邮件 , 第二20英亩是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡赫是一个财富的一部分 , 必须给穷人或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	所以在碰撞之后几乎发生了什么事情 , 电子在这里倒下来 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么呢 ? 这是什么样的 , 看起来像你站在那个巨大的犹太人在拉拉的脚下 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸皮革内部艾滋病从脚里离开水 , 这样他们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她每天喂牛肉三到四次 , 同样的婴儿需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	对于我们的知识最好 , 大脑军事长唐吉亚少数被瑞士报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看来 , 这个消息是80岁的女孩 , 她的狗出生的3000元女孩 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	使用ergraph工具设计系统信息模型 , 并建立了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	在我们的路上没有洪水淹没 , 但在这里 , 山区的山区都落在路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层的框架和监督控制层网络系统的管理层和管理层控制层网络系统做出了补贴 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论目前实验室检查并不显著帮助bmt早期诊断 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	而设计的传感器也可以用来测量其它类型的线性位移或旋转角 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析汉代铜描述的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	西部和东部地区的一些不同的pt条件在重城大裂缝之间存在不同的pt条件 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运营策略:适应积极、先进、发展独立发展 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 该公式被认为是可用的计算管沉降力的计算方法 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	设置值是一个java.lang.lang.对象或子类的参考 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	国家高校运动协会政府在美国的大学体育学院运动协会 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着那些住在大门里的人 , 不要你吗 ? " 女孩问道 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我的丈夫的第一次教练经验是一位高级学校篮球队的球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨脑室内血压的临床特点及治疗 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	在蝴蝶式阀中 , 有缺陷 , 流孔 , 分散在蝴蝶式阀中 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	这个数量每年增加你在这里的通货膨胀和主体对政府规定 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	寒战的长期原因是由于东方和西方的思想差异的基本原因 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	反抑郁剂丸的一个下降是他们可以长时间工作的时间在两个星期和八个星期之间工作 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有一个很好的关系 , 即使在原始的比赛之后 , 他称之为我想知道我的状况 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是我们建立学者和发展基金的主要利益 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文分析了现代景观开发项目的建设管理管理 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市人民国会 , 加州华盛顿华盛顿大会长说 , 学校主席 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立一种新制备的复合tetracaine水氯化氢凝胶的质量控制方法 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分成标准房间 , 豪华房间 , 单房 , 各种套件 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染和药物耐药状态在医疗强度护理单位中的作用 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨大鼠不同肠道分泌的吸收动力学 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜的 , 美丽的魔鬼洞 , 水 , 摩西 , 老鼠 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	韩国回到韩国 , 烟雾和威廉城市都享受了爱情时期的两个人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	因此 , 这只是最有电子 , 你可以在单轨道里有两个电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记有关水平表面 , 忘记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记录 , 并且只要把它扔掉 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 打击 " 意味着 , 充足的信息共享 , 互相理解和同时期的平行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰也有神话质量 , 因为直到日本人发现他们不可能生长 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	就在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 他和妻子在34年前搬去了 , 就在他们结婚之前 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	在一个人群中牵着 , 音乐也是声音 , 我也喜欢我的自由 , 现在我不肯定我做的 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	对于一种专利的发明来说 , 它不能明显的 " 到艺术中的普通技能之一 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	5月5日 , 莱昂德字段发布和文章在巴塔维亚 , 伊利诺伊斯关于阿里昂 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣卢西亚在移动的岛屿清晰 , 只有希望它将保持不失败的魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请维持清洁的环境 , 转移细胞和b.b.调用 , 准备 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac治疗效果优于传统的pac或铝硫酸钠 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户命令从音乐博客到cnn的话 , 用户可以添加什么价值 ?
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我刚刚刚在丹麦 , 事实上我并不会在那里的大吉尔普社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了处理idp的增加载荷 , 基于集群实现负载平衡 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	然而 , 在那么暴力的暴力中 , 原因变了 , 没有什么事情 , 还是不能直接 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与爱尔兰集团一样很好 , 这是我们与陶瓷工作的新观点 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务预期是信贷市场的关键问题 , 是短缺经济转变的关键问题 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听着 , 但也没有道路 , 然后她看到了北方和蓝军 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到它经历了几个迷宫 , 足球半光 , 这是诗歌感觉的精髓 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但是改变足够的词 , 虽然它只是一次 , 你的思想结束了死亡 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然两个女孩有一个改变 , 另一位女孩推出了那个黑暗 , 进入水里 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳光闪烁着河流的入口 , 与河流的丈夫混合在河上 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一对不适合你的鞋子内的鞋子 , 所以你可能希望独立的正义鞋子或运动 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后他再次向保护和处理一封信件 , 但他特别的插件的详细细性并不知道 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	通过宗教团体规定的宗教团体 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员称 , 吸收c02和增强氢燃料生产的支持 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔夫歌曲 , 诺顿扮演 " 瑞士河 " , 然后 " 马来圣灵 " 快速的温泉 " 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	交易机制和系统将由公司、代理商、零售商、零售商保持 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期库系统 , 管理者必须通过视觉检查来控制库 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	可是我对你说 , 应该更容易在判断当天的苏格兰土地 , 比诉讼的日子更容忍 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一个情绪 , 一旦教授来自山洞的每一个艺术家 , 到保罗麦卡特尼 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	新应用程序或功能的时间市场大大提高了节约成本 , 节约成本很大 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	出去适合开幕式衬衫的衣服 , 拉弗雷先生通常运动 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后给出了匹配和线性电压控制的最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 湖张不能控制自己 , 但开始与他的妻子和可爱的婴儿笑笑 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道爸爸怎么工作 , 为我按照和课程的资金赚足够的钱 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	得到一些赞助者或有些东西 , 用和哈默轻轻轻轻轻轻轻地盯着那只翅膀 , 这样做两只翅膀 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	温柔的剑是一个尖锐的剑 , 温柔度是一种能让人们提交自己 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 道德和经济两者都变得不可避免的反对方 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试 , 我会得到一个坏的级别 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但是 , 两次奖学院奖金也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	第二 , 指针将开始指向指针 , 并遵循箭头访问它的指针 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	1891年12月21日 , 第一个篮球比赛在历史上扮演 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期醒来的时候 , 他声音和共和党人在国会工作的愿望 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本的日本远远远远越多 , 但日本已经成为那些逃离美元的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	他们正在向西方和自然春天的土地方方方方向有可仲裁的痕迹 , 树木 , 树木 , 山顶到西方和自然春天 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	詹宁斯威博士在有机化学和香港的主题上发表了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗 ? 我不相信它 , 我觉得他总是像我的兄弟一样工作了 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的姐姐为一个蘑菇错了我 , 她让我在黑暗里喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	卡丁·罗萨尔赞扬了 " 外星 " 的生命 , " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	利夫什说: " 这只是那些需要担心事件发生的恶性家伙 。 "
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们把他们的办法放到第二楼的店里 , 打下门 , 穿着司官统一的衣服 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的tototoymerging方法可以克服传统对话合并方法的抽象反馈 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了高效液相液相色谱测定法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件流程元模型是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	对于经验讨论 , 本文介绍了大量前秦儒家和道教的思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到了熟悉的厨房 , 他沿他的信里滑了刀 , 把它们折叠的信息滑出来 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	后来 , 土地的人杀死了所有人 , 反对国王 , 他们在他的地方使约西亚王在他的地方 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	另一个零售链之一 , 是第一次将质量和预期提供在同一销售地板上 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	大吉尔不需要从发明中赚钱 , 因为他被法国政府惩罚 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉人们吃鲨鱼的文件是好的 , 但是吃这类动物的最后一点也不错 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	热空气隧道、热空气隧道等重载装置下的感觉空气温度等 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电源转换器在增强模式运行时 , 低压侧电池将消耗并为dclink提供功能 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的下降在1256年发生在1256年 , 因此蒙古帝国扩张到伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个可阻力区域图和不断增加振动的边界图 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下下文链接应对创建并使用它们的事务的信息进行理解 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在今年夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面变成幻想 , 充满尝试 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微电机械系统多粒度宏模拟非标准结构模型秩序降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨阿米尔河南亚硫酸盐脱硫剂的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 事实之前我喜欢学校 , 我喜欢一切东西 , " 红丁 " 现在19岁 , 现在在cn电视台上说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间与各种类型的房子和贸易人员的工作站在他们的消息院子里 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学习一些当地的范围 , 包括在家庭的bufonida , 如果吃的话 , 这些是毒性的 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	但是在有危险中 , 假设可变的危险 , 量化的事情都有一个难题 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的正式设置 , 给出了常规半群的构造理论 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析天线高度扫描的存在问题 , 利用辐射特性测量方法 , 分析了天线高度扫描的存在问题 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但是我们必须提醒我们的同志 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 5月7日直接 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满雄心和骄傲的时候 , 他们收集了他们的第一次杀死的皮肤 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	将该价格定位显著增加潜在的ull布局已经积极了 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果试验结果表明 , 黄马和蒙古羊之间的抗感染差异 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 远超越山的橄榄树 " , " 小河 " , " 村庄交叉 " 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在新西兰电视台的视频影片中 , 男子在他从橡胶带上伤害的男子 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 乔治宏森大学地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	奥萨克的土耳其农民并不免疫在任何地方打击农村社区的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	由此 , 亚利兰种子在其他树顶上的大规划树上生长 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	政治科学家peterl&uml.sche说: " 火山十六年到了结束 。 "
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	定量处理了厦门西海湾的沉积样品 , 定量地处理了西汉堡的沉积样品 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两者都结束了饮酒和女性的诱惑 , 并与批评家和新闻有联系 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	dashboard收到了集中应用程序的上下文信息 , 并使用它查询后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	agv大基础系统是一组软件控制和管理许多gvgros的软件来完成许多材料转换任务 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为第一章的书五章开始 , 这些书中有一篇干旱的药物 , 促进了希望的禁止 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	交通方便:上海220公里 , 65公里 , 来自宁波的290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作者罗伯特·沃尔斯创作了一首诗歌的肖像 , 他实际上写了自己的肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	你有思维的所有东西 , 说 , 你现在做的是你现在的一种人 , 也包含了你未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一位恐怖主义nuke , 由straysovie消防材料组成 , 可以破坏整个日子 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听了两个朋友谈论过去的话 , 想 " 梦想 " 的现实 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	操作研究的性质和特点 , 知识系统 , 开发历史 , 应用程序 , 业务决策中的功能 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	伊里克森说: " 我是个真空 , 而且我已经活了500多年 , " 贝恩斯利说 。
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	因此 , 在压力削减警察数量的情况下 , 索萨可能会导致滥用程序的结果 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	好的时候 , 当伊丽杰出现时 , 唯一的神只是在他死后 , 就像他那样做出了先知的先知 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	他说 , 参加他的阅读 , 大量的历史人民 , 4000人住在同一个城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为确保确保 , 我觉得你应该有三个玻璃尿试验 , 并考察持续部分的检查 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	这所学校有小张 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 现在积极努力建立一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	本公司拥有强大的技术力量和国内先进产品r&d能力的研究机构 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝结寒冷 , 失去组织 , 白海天使饺也承认他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在国民卫生协会上投资免疫高度的国家卫生机构 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	本文介绍了单体测量机理的设计原理和计算方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在福利多元主义影响下 , 社区保健成为复制问题的主要战略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	我实际上每天都在杰利时玩笑 , 我和冷水一起游戏 , 无论如果是雪雪还是什么事情 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被保存到一个持久的媒体中 , 或者是他们原始的数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学探讨解决方案具有良好的稳定性、服务寿命长、低粗糙度的处理钢表面 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他是由4名高级部长和特定责任的官员支持的 , 他也被选举的政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	住宅活动家和学者表示 , 这项选举将很容易 , 但不终结束 , 房子危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利亚的目标是捕捉她在那个时间框架内最好的肖像 , 你的工作是帮助她在做这样的 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文斯先生说 , 从现在的移民将在澳大利亚的 " 结构结构上扮演更大的角色 " 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人震惊的责任 , 知道你准备未来的准备 , 中国下一代领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这个损失者会像人类一样 , 他们有警告的外交观看 , 首先 , 问问问问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板加强软土基地具有快速速速、效果好、施工简单 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 19999年创立了心理树咨询 , 预计现有材料的威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	它比原始的一个更大50倍 , 覆盖240sqm等价区22个伦敦公共汽车的等价区域 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但是上帝不仅能忘记过去的 , 他衣服你身上正确 , 虽然你从未承认罪恶 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	观看人民互相关闭6 , 哭泣 , 相互抱着 , 最后的象征让我感谢我更感谢我更多的事情 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟的coke是一项非常成熟的处理技术 , 看起来是一个普通的depproces的手段 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	2005年房屋的高峰上涨 , 现有和新房子的销售都在1976年的两倍运行 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:6例sb患者和8例正常人在全夜间监测多态诊断 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	而她的男孩 , 他们在贝尔维尔获得了好吗 ? 那么那么 ? 父亲的conmes很高兴听到那样 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	在5059岁的非药物中 , 非药物的使用也更常见于60岁的年龄组 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国客人对中国人民的基本兴趣和中国人民的朋友来说 , 是中国人民的基本兴趣 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们还可以猜到这样的牙刷可能会伤害人体的牙齿和他的情绪 , 让他很大不便宜 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是 , 一个过度信心的李思想 , 增强了两个银行 , 梅德将在中心的弱点 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	范尼拉 , 是最流行的香味 , 在商店前面的独立案例 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	三十岁以上的女性 , 离婚的女性几乎像中国舞蹈文化那样的地位 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲通常会错过他们的路 , 而且我可以告诉你目前没有改变的机会 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是中国城市青年文化和街道生活的新型壳鱼电视节目 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏上的消息 , 死亡卷现在21 , 000多人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , eg插入到细胞查询中 , 这样的 " 蠕虫 " 像结构一样扩展 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	由于高尔夫球员在高尔夫球员高尔夫球员的手臂很快乐 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他种玉米的玉米有较少的水 , 不要粉末 。 当你加热玉米的玉米时 , 水内使玉米爆炸变成玉米 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症、心脏病 , 依赖剂量依赖剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到 , 在我去这个冒险之前 , 现在我必须住在我的信用卡上 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会的责任明确定义 ? 这些定义符合区的需求 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	一种用于摄像机的研究人员环境是流动细胞 , 用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺 , 他说 , " 为了保持信心 , 并保留他客户的秘密 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 并介绍了负电源供电理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但是如何标准产生神经病理评估范围不相同 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我要求她的建议 , 她总是准备好帮助 , 解释我完全满意的解释 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这个版本双扫描器有两个输出线 , 使它适合广泛的使用 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你处理bsool像一个令人惊讶的教育经验一样 , 机会你会从它中获得很多 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国大使在那里对抗抗抗抗抗议者的叙利亚大使签署邀请 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地回答: " 听起来像上帝吻的那样 , 没有伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	然而 , 他们还有四分之一的战争 , 他们杀死了一个可考虑的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	该研究在贵阳高中开发 , 获得了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从奥巴伦斯基的政权转移到贝州霍夫的派遣 , 这是在莫斯科附近形成的 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能操作 , 包括战略地下和覆盖操作 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校英语课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是为了明显的 , 几乎没有完成低键细胞组工作的原因 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理还访问了罗德纳总医院 , 中国社会福利项目基金会 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个例子正在改变表空间容器的位置 , 这也可以使用背后和恢复 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有引起商业名牌的损害 , 但将增强他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	默卡特的世界是一部在探索、发现和映射地球和太空的两个月杂志 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元兑美元将运行198.95美元 , 并将视频和图像转移到您的计算机中 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	在波海沿海海海岸的最后一个冰川损失的调查 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试类似于最近实际的粒度 , 问题类型和困难程度 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	本文对vrv热泵空调系统的经济效率进行了比较 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这部电影是美国版本的两千八千个法国thriller称为 " 波尔埃尔 " 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	两个灯具的纯金灯 , 用灯头烧在内部卫生前面 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有许多道教学家在唐代有着很大的影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展对圣诞节和其他外国节日产生了广泛的生存 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐宋在《新疆小知识》中展示了每个思想治治理的各侧 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春季的泉泉水时期的第一排雨日期是明显的十年间特征 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有的sa指令员都在工作场训练和评估中获得证书4证书 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以把这笔钱送到达尔夫的营地里 , 到达尔夫的疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看看 , 我们的拇指和拳击家 , 我们在车上走了一点刺激 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道你的眼睛不会与实验黑色联系 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	而在中间 , 你有许多 " 可能 " , 他们似乎只能贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置的原因是瓶颈的原因 , 例如srt超流 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险及控制方法 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本烹饪书中 , 这些食物的汤都是很有营养的 , 因此 , 适合每年的消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果 , 交付年龄和出生重组的妇女年龄明显小于严重组 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统选举了一家城市商务执行官 , 成为他的新商务部长 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然我不能吃饭 , 但我还可以用这些鼻子和饺子来吃饭 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp被授予了学位的权力 , 这意味着它被允许叫做大学毕业大学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年发表了中国第一篇文章 , 但在1983年秋天开始写不到1983年的文章 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以回到步骤 , 开始了解为什么事情发生 , 你可以寻找积极的后数学 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着 , 如果你想保持技能 , 还有一些激励在你的文件给予收入时恢复 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	银顶上了家 , 但为了旅游 , 郭东没有瞬间返回嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种行业的新标准包括卫生保健 , 已经促进xmlenabled应用程序的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你犯了严肃的错误 , 如果你伤害别人或者自己 , 那就没有用到感觉到难以置信 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	主机或服务决定在低压螺栓下的时候停止停止停止停止停止的时候 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	可变系数 , 解决方案本身及其正常流体可能是在接口中不断的 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中9硝基霉素lactone形成的体外稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母 , 农业家 , 教育家和心理学家们寻找寻求帮助的方法 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	第一次出口 , 重 , 米里地 , 马上蔬菜 , 大大延迟我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸爸:在经典的建筑中 , 平原的一部分的柱子 , 基座和玉米之间 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	沙恩是一个机械 , 这是他的作品shop , 还有一个小房间内有一个小型的垫子 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	唐安接到消息 , 不仅逃跑 , 却穿着衣服 , 准备救他们的父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他在那里捕捉了一百万人住在那里 , 三十亿人希望生活在2050年 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	一些美国中西部的一些国家宣布 , 由于雨水和火灾的紧急状态 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	高斯比:引用纳特·阿奇巴德学习你不知道 , 直到它走了 , 找到其他人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论利多卡因与德克萨马尼结合 , 可以防止dctaxaxol引起的phlebitis 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两个人醒来了 , 突然看到俊和春花采取的陪审团 , 并且说要寻找金钱 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突变了非森林 , 沉默的月球剪了一个柔软的光线 , 在地面上投影 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 分歧客人 , 女士和女士 , 所有的员工明华 , 好下午 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	典型的李江空间森林很难看到拉希海地区 , 因为人类对它的影响 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 野生的燃烧与野生动物的包装动物 , 或者是由黄金部长和其他人所自由的 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	考古学家们确认 , 园林在一个豪华的建筑上铺设 , 为提高水的建筑提供了依据 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	北极将是一个21世纪的萨拉杰夫 , 在能源资源上的主要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	ueyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyoue预期死亡预期已在良好的samitan法律上获得了更强的国际争论 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期聚乙酸锂的原理、制造及应用情况 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	由于悲剧和欲望 , 李利亚有许多城镇民间为高原因犯罪执行的犯罪执行 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果膜过滤避免使用异丙烯酸酯作为解决方案的介质干扰 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	1893年 , 在27岁的时候 , 他报道了他描述的照明方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 这些诗歌的意义很清楚 , 读者可以从她的经历中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	家庭可承担的计划目的是防止40000万辆的保护措施 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	事实上 , 在辐射和循环方向的交叉截面变化中气速和压力的变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在课堂培训和评估中花了2小时 , 每个学生都会赚0.2元 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了安东尼和苯乙烯静极极极性的准确dft研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把鸡蛋放在炉子里 , 鸡蛋沙狼是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 广东核电厂18个月燃料周期获得大边缘 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室测试中 , 他们发现一个叫做banlec的lectin被称为 " 艾滋病毒 " 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	第400个im不仅需要强化和速度在四个行列中 , 而且还需要巨大的耐力 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	帕迪特说: " 当解释声明固定了他的拇指向公共文件的时候 , " 他们不能回来 。
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都能看到他是班级球员 , 他很不同 , 我不能发现他看起来像他一样 , 还是像他一样玩耍 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员表示 , 他们的发现也可以适用于那些声称他们依赖早晨茶杯的老茶 , 以获得他们的脑袋 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看不到没有人会来 , 给你吃饭或水 , " 上帝会给我提供 , " 是唯一答案 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过去不会增加你的抑郁 , 但获得重量 , 你需要适合你的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	在网络之后 , 他开始在空间上发出二位主题 , 收到忠实的追随 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	另一天 , 她只想说她想要说什么是整个事情 , 没有任何注意力来战斗 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用正常axilla治疗肝瘤h2疫苗移植肿瘤的模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我到了这个参议院 , 所以我在家之后就能把它放在这里 , 他们不能超过它 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本文测定了人类、ilium、kull和rib的强度限制 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	韩国的种类被建立为zabrak , 使他同样的亚洲种类成为死亡的黑色马尔 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛使用 , hlv兼容电路的设计越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝类型电力设备:主要设置在海岸提供电力工厂、家庭和其他商店的设备上 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	这位21岁的丹麦国际人士被广泛认为是欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	妇女是35岁的媒体年龄在诊断中 , 被观察到17 , 408个人 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	拜仁慕尼奇中场的离开已经证实了 , 他将在老板转会上留下 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	面对生物 , 凤凰 , 他们可以立即携带重负荷 , 他们的泪水有健康的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样的情况下 , 组织可以使用简单的进展检查员来运动机制和倡议的操作控制 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	在伍德和纤维玻璃的英格兰手工 , 欧洲形成的内部措施只超过6英尺 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是知识驱动经济时代医院所有可能资本的通用名称 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家梅尔本哲学有许多原因庆祝庆祝 , 与观众共享庆祝庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 沙鲁克已经结束了杜 , 国家第二个电信运营商比埃塞西拉的第二个电信运营商 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前臂膜只释放新鲜的水进入海洋 , 不允许盐水污染袋 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们将欢迎来自我们城市议会的帮助-----------------------------------------------------
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你有限的工资预算和一个星期的5公里的最大工资预算 , 但是你想要的球员们要求7k 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液保险:现在有机会来自英雄罢工、血液三分之一或者威尔威德的机会 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	针对非静态过程线性结合的第一个交叉可靠性计算的有效数值方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	随着市场营销渠道 , 项目应采用权威销售代理模型改善效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民担心 , 跨坡可以创造低质量混合物厂 , 并导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员了解不同形状和尺寸导致不同频率的特性 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨腹膜内钉的回收术治疗椎间骨折的效果 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	该工具适合一个进展式喉动作 , 使低速开关 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	pd控制采用位置算法 , 限制控制量和集成量增加了数量 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	研制了一种可离子和有机化合物分离的伪相液相色谱法 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	苏州公园酒店和套件是苏州会议或社交场合的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	运行微镜观察了预交流动脉免疫的解剖特性 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	斯科斯纳削减一朵花来使用鲨鱼刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早晨或鸭子可建议 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在程序方面 , 共同的论点需要在法官、党和其他参加的等等的辩论和对话 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记花费圣诞节的电影 , 或者假日假期阅读1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	terrylundren是macy的首席执行官 , 公司拥有macy和bloomingdales部门的公司 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 无论你会发生在一个类、会议、会议、会议或会议等群体情况下 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们总是相信我们的能力来管理自己 , 但是我们不信任别人管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南外交部长phambinhminh称这次谈话 , 周一结束了生产力 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	邀请你听到麻烦...跟着节奏......
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷铬矿床运行的关键点和断裂方法和效果 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配指定器的标志 , 那么将导致无限度的结果 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨鼻腔管重建治疗kttp激光肾上腺炎的疗效 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	你有一个单个消息发动机 , 当你添加si业的集群成员时 , 就会自动创建的消息引擎 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平面表面将阻止风流 , 还创造一个死水区 , 在它的方方形之前 , 就会陷入混乱 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	这份报告发现 , 美国继续成为2008年亚洲全国各地寻求者目标的主要国家 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何回应文件的任何响应文档都可以拥有丰富的文本或平原文本字段 , 适用于电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	穆里里利亚教育 , 高收入的人口比圣迭戈和橙色县的社区 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	帕纳尔是一个非投票者 , 但即使fda建议板 , 不投票仍然被机构评论 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在已形成10年的市场条件下 , 可以更多的企业加入 , 将建立行业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克逊说: " 你需要削减一定程度来使机构变化为系统 , " 伯克逊协调预算解决 。
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者们学习以前的检查 , 吉京已经订了两个 " 五诺 " 的工厂工程建设 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是《香港》的作者:《查德勒burr2003年的主题》2003年的《皇帝》 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、规划、设计和交付综合服务公司的服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供高质量时尚产品的客户提供优质的工作 , 为每个人所使用的事情都是用来一个qadir的风格 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr常见的工作模式 , 在gpr记录中有大量的水平相干噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 康纳的28岁的大脑产生了康纳的28岁的大脑 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样蓝海和天空 , 在海滩周围的海滩上 , 非常享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	悲剧主义者是积极的人们 , 他们对生活有明亮的探索 , 是企业 , 充满能源和活力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	一般情况下 , 废物不存在或展示感染的内在危险 , 除了非常特殊的案例外 , 外 , 还有废物 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	但是 , 没有发生的事情 。 相反 , 阿帕吉奥斯进化了一步不期待和谐的成功 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨肝动物病理模式血液和血液学含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有jcss气体通过政府机构分析的重力标准气体进行分配 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这个步骤是因为在过去几十年前生物化学研究中引起最强烈的冲突 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个比赛者都在坐在塔上 , 盖住自己 , 但只有在他们完全被抓住的时候才能完全覆盖自己 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	它为客户、伙伴、产品和商业通过数据仓库或联邦提供了一个单一和完整的观点 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	一家公司可能会有时地记录卖掉损失的损失 , 以迫使它的竞争变成破产 , 然后导致市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常当使用git时 , 您可以假设您的存储库是位于内核.org之后的小点 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力 , 电话 , 保险和电缆账户每个月自动推动 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图改变 , 废除不等的治疗 , 限制西方电力的特权 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我专注太阳的光线 , 甚至在冬天寒冷的日子里 , 我就可以轻松地打火 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应采取适当的政策来确保这些西方企业在技术创新领先状况 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果上帝看到我们穿过他的儿子的眼睛 , 那么我们也应该通过耶稣看到自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但是对于一个广泛的领域 , 不同的意味着颜色和姿势和多样性体现团结和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性产业和非wowovenbag密切的经济关系 , 它的非wowowowowogbag巨大不足以发展产业的发展 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本论文总结了我国luuu研究的特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	营地的第一条规则是保持清洁营地点 , 你不能留下任何东西 , 熊可能认为是食物 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	这使得石油储备能达到一座城镇或湖泊的垂直相似的石油储备 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报告网络外部性是imcl的重要影响因素之一 , 并证明了网络外部性的重要影响因素 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全是由于新恐怖主义威胁的 , 街道被关闭 。 警察线索了理想的道路 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我想看到政治上的动态女人 , " 34岁的莱okookookamoto说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	法国航空工业将于2012年在巴黎附近的利润机场安装增强 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体地位 " 本山文化 " 成为一个新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因为高度的利率往往会导致美元感兴趣 , 他们可能会使贸易赤字更大 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	电子电子管、电视和其他现代设备广泛使用 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在海滨河畔城镇 , 生活的宫殿完全对潮流的温和流动的温和流动 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	六月份 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪手在豪华大陆酒店发出了死亡的攻击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果对象确实是飞行的 , 恢复它可能是数百万美元的价值或亿美元 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动与其电荷相关 , 平均大小的碎片 , 因为它的二氧化物和钨 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	采用hplc法测定了我国磷酸的含量 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	托马斯先生正在做长距离的电话 , 请等几分钟 , 你会喜欢一些咖啡或茶 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两位创始人说 , 他们每个人都拥有x的新科 , 并将所有的ip与新科相关的ip相关的ip分配到新科 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过欣赏和分析一些组合 , 我们可以合理地对中国现代油画现状的池塘进行理性的分析 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	当一般的讲话叫他们的追踪者时 , 说: " 你怎么能 , 法国人 , 戴着别人的统一吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	利用光声检测方法 , 研究了激光对b/kno3引起的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	识别了双方移动和xenoft软件的高精度拒绝的贡献 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 它只记录在太阳峰 , 地方公园内的保护区内 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子的歌曲在孩子们的教育中扮演了重要的部分 , 不要替换其他诗歌的其他形式 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	哪个vivivid图片 ! 就像图片描述一样 , 有很多东西或渴望的人必须承受或寻找 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预计 , 中东继续不稳定的报告可能会让价格推进春天 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另一个因素intel提到:公司在后端建立的公司来采取所谓云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	基于运输统计的发展趋势 , 提出了 " 运输账户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅是学生 , 而且还有老师都是由王李清承认青华大学的新闻引发的 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这项金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准项目和基金投资计划 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	基于工程分散规则的损伤模型 , 建立了仲裁机械的原则 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 槽 " 系统提供了一些选择 , 可以在表面上设置装饰对象 , 例如表和服装者 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的蟹塔将包括五座混合塔从一个圆形的池塘里飞出来 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可能会回忆到2006年的大厅 , 北京峰会在中国非合作论坛举行 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会与美国法官谈一起的机会 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意在左侧周围的内部囊肿细胞形成内部细胞 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度 , 血浆粘度 , 血浆粘度 , 淋巴细胞变形指数 , 纤维素和plt被降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的coreoslinux用户可以获得一个云计算平台 , 以达到世界上最大的市场之一的优势 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在服装行业中的应用 , 服装mtm快速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据收集的个人数据将被严格的信心处理 , 并且只用来接收和其他通信 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个笔头都是独立匹配的两个帽子 , 液体管在笔口中被安装 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从上述实践证明 , 在预测mchmanpower供应的基础上 , 生命方法是实用的 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何改善这个自由慢性艺术家的自由慢性艺术课程的恐惧 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛还宣布了克拉华华达的辞职 , 它的高级副总裁在中国的人力资源 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于它的年轻微气候 , 格雷兹是一个城市 , 几乎是中期火焰的卢什公园 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	你因为你在你身上都有这些germs , 你的身体想让germs出来 , 所以你snez 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这对于增加额外的信息来说 , 特别是如果开发者之间的地图共享 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某种方式中加入你的网站 , 即使它只是在头部图像或像中心颜色中 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另一个现实是 , 如果美国不能扩大出口 , 压力将会增长进口 , 代替进口 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全 , 不要触摸产品、测试电缆或其他工具在测试下应用电路时 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	许多巴菲特的智慧从这项投资的特点来说:当你不知道怎样做的时候 , 不要做任何事情 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己受伤 , 白人带来了罗杰的药物问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	这种试验是不仅提高生产力 , 而且提高工作的方式 , 而且提高其工作的方式 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们肯定欢迎奥运项目满足不同客户的需求 , 保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一份报告说: " 托尼是非常好的 , " 医院的拘留是防止他的情况 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 伦敦只有数十个武装骑士 , 但到了1990年代 , 有超过百次 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们也在世界大战结束的时候展示了我一幅墨尔曼斯克的图片 , 是一幅航空照片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在一个控制组志愿者在早上训练并且晚上恢复睡眠 , 没有睡眠 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国人对他们的努力有特别关注 , 阻止加强暴力和困扰的青少年工作 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布您的web内容并为自己保持原始源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克、卡塔里纳和华尔街崩溃的战争是雷根时代的三条钉子 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	第一次拍摄的电影和crew的电影 , 热情在第一次听到的几次听到之后 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	重新发现的是那个肮脏的堆底 , 能看到光 , 仍然在好的状态 , 是这样的救援 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我的父亲是中心 , 我的母亲向前离开了我的姐姐向前 , 我的妻子是正确的保护 , 我的兄弟离开了 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	我们一起做的是很好的回顾 , 看看我们在一起做的事情 , 我们知道我们是不等的一部分故事 , 没有等等的故事 , 正在忘记 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着自己的愤怒 , 奥巴瓦人飞上山 , 到达多乌的维拉在最大速度上 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容 , 可以实现国家规范 , 这是我们的要求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨在未来几个月举行的新选举将举行国际联盟政府 , 并宣称新选举将在未来几个月内 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	战时记忆往往往是 , 莱宁拉德的70周年纪念可能看起来不明显 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	数字 , 如果你在这三个上面有三个 , 那么祝贺你 , 你已经成为一个行的女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	双阳 , 大火烧了你在一个不可避免的位置 , 很快就会加入水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	哈特福德南20英里的一个小型社区 , 是中场的一个城镇 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将再次是星期五 , 但这将是九点钟 , 他会在这里 , 所以我觉得这里会是很多有趣的 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们并不确定普通木谷的不寻常的 " 圣龙 " 完成 , 但这是纯粹主观的 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反应是否可以应用于过去事件和行为的新建设 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢慢地想到你的注意 , 你会同意在浏览web时回答电子邮件 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数抗议者都在首都mbabane , 而且不能得到曼子 , 45分钟的驱动 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上在剧场上花了 , 这个球场告诉一座水电坝的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢在低键的情况下使用这个策略 , 比如杂货店、咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	随着一个小山告诉记者 , 他每天早上每天早上5点 , 第一件事是帮助母亲理解厕所 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 他在内部国家拥有强大的出现 , 与当地卫生官员工作肩膀 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	在帽子里 , 电影猫甚至显示了我们的立法人在电视上战斗 。
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	这些cnv的数量变化在基因组中 , 有很多人在基因组中 , 有数百万人 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	" 这个城市里有一个低廉的生活成本和大型的德克萨斯卡姆 , 巴chelers确保在这座城市找到爱情 ! " 租金.com说 。
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	电力拓展认为开放性是资源集成者最重要的质量 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	在粉末形式中 , 应储存在冰箱里 , 防止曝光曝光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	采用风吹煤设备和煤颗粒筛选设备提供半层燃烧炉 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fgets、fread、fscanf和fclose函数也返回错误的错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳定的光学成像部分 , 一个稳定的视觉信息处理部分和电机驱动部分 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流体分析在指导代谢工程中的遗传操作具有重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 在过去的计算中 , 需要的类似需要 , 模拟火灾 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	在这个数据库中显示列的所有列名称的列表 , 具有独特的单列指数 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地球物理学家们都知道 , 地球物理学方法是地球物理学中的广泛应用的数学方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约新闻报道称 , 周二在股市早期获得的利润 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定国有股份的工作计划 , 为国有和联合stock公司的代表 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:4例胫骨猪成功从淋巴细胞刺激70h患者的淋巴细胞中克隆 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种可绑定前段的牵引修复床的牵引修复方法 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	其他全身的皮肤皮革 , 没有头发 , 单位面积不超过28平方英尺超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一个runaway河 , 我们等着peww.qw.qw3721.comople 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈工作室提供专门的第一次推广 , 允许新闻在10美元下采取课程 , 有时免费 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评价厚螺纹皮移植的感觉恢复情况 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前矿业企业的有效税率低于非最终企业的1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数社会昆虫中 , 比如isps、蜂蜜和蚂蚁 , 女性规则 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	采用模拟和实验 , 研究了低电压系统短路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	在插入接触表之后 , 数据库返回行id列的id值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义都有自己独特的创意思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	结论夏季和冬季提到的能量消耗是降低能量消耗的结论 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论在r.flavict中没有耐药性 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	孟加时代女士开始对一个关键问题 , " 他做了这批制造商做了很多并且很大地 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆'spike'wiwicky:绅士...让我向朋友介绍你:最好的原始 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	元兴北地区 , 台山顶部 , 是一座温度的大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在例外的情况下 , 只允许客户重新启用或修改相关指令秩序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常环境 , 胆囊之间的宏观 , 极薄的保护组织 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	拥有专业设计师为您创建各种设计风格的专业设计师 , 拥有多年的建筑团队经验 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是lambdas的真正优势是当你在飞行上创建函数并没有变量参考 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	找到人们、老朋友和亲戚的搜索工具 , 包括41页白色 " 页面 " 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这个设计 , 双臂风格的变化 , 就像轻松的一样 , 法国短暂地在法国 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 如果你本周被打了100磅磅 , 那么下个星期你应该试着做105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	嗯 , 宇宙的概念在古代人民中广泛的广泛传播是你很熟悉的 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	正常pectin生产的离散过程可以离开 , 产品具有高产量和质量化质量 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论提高心电病ct诊断精度的关键是定位肿瘤的准确性 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成完成 , 几乎所有的操作都在手上和修改下面 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法来解决无线性测量函数的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	印度 , 是建立大型煤炭电厂的公司 , 主要气候污染物 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你在全部覆盖了引导 , 查看梅勒的方法 , 我最后一次提到它 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农民计划了他从市场上买的种子 , 秋天来了 , 没有收获 , 因为种子是假的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	这家公司总体利润的利润增长到36.3% , 年四季的34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	186年肝移植患者接受irolimus , 4发育的肺炎属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	" 父母意味着成熟的手段足以帮助孩子适应失望 , " chenbach说 。
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外界事件从贷款comcomptionone过程的监控模型发送此met值 , 到高级监控模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天比日本的日本规则 , 它的罪恶意味着 , 越来越多的三维差异 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的记忆仪式与周和卢在牺牲时期 , 地方 , 提供等 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	甚至我们甚至被告知 , 烟草吸烟可能不仅是吸烟者 , 而且也是非吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结山南方教授治疗胸部血管梗阻的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	没有发现的检测材料 , 适合用于阻抗特殊的雷达吸收物 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了用于太阳能热单元使用铝合金的电泳涂料过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效果和其他热饮料 , 比如茶或可可口 , 能使你的精神升高你的精神 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨血管病和二次异常j波的临床和电图特征 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:研究米拉比利亚的萌发特点 , 通过解决他们的养殖种子 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多阶梯垂直切割机的应用范围及其结构范围 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆柱容器具有广泛的口袋 , 便于容易填充和方便的访问内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	千年和中央范围快速气候变化是分配研究中最重要的方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	它是一个常见的问题 , 在公安机构中应用lien和间接范围超过广泛的问题 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国在远北地区的一座远北城镇结束了一座四星块 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这一问题 , 我们已经通过单一hscs实现了一系列组织恢复的研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	随着眼睛健康公司 , 巴萨克和lomb在世界各地消费者的视觉和增强生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助药品企业顾客解决问题 , 人类健康的追求是我们的理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出一种基于街头骨骼线和建筑骨骼线的块总化方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	在北京大学农民研究的另一端是苏明 , 他来自北京大学的农民和研究 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大公司已经开始雇用西方人 , 在最好的美国和欧洲设施长期经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到世界的真理 , 为了证实佛教的真相 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为了实现控制算法 , 利用plc实现了pd控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	几天的爆炸声称 , 伊迪·阿拉哈的宗教节日在1月17日开始 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	您可以在我们的网站上提交自己的想法或关于我们的网站上 , 剧院 。 com , 或者你可以派我们一封信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个体的增长越来越舒适 , 你会看到更多的头盖 , 因此更加暴露颈部的暴露 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	其他国防党享受了一个记录 , 因为选民们抛弃了他们传统的敏感 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论碳氧化碳毒复杂并发性高巴疗法是高疗率和低变形率的疗效 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一名球员 , 丹佛·恩格格斯教练乔治·卡尔被绑在他的队友上 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼与oamga3和蛋白一起负载 , 但它们还包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个祖国的骄傲 , 或者对那些人来说 , 这种感染开始瑞典和生长 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了使用xslt任务中所示的检查风格报告的示例 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	新泽西的一个社区 , 一个新的布伦斯威克郊区 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	该方法可以通过单一评价方法进行限制 , 满足精确评价效果的需求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升 , 温暖空气形成独特的空气云 , 在卫星和模型图像中可见 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	一个游戏的差异是一个专业的小型复制 , 帮助您执行专注的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	近距离突变有一个魅力的中海风格的中海风格 , 哈尔本现在主要用来使用 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持此 , 命令vmdelogr的三个选项是vdm的主要应用程序 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券都是标志的市场 , 但这个新加坡仍然允许证券在历史成本上运行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想让国家公众服务员的财产透明我们应该建立和消费制度 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbbs论坛作为他们的工具获得消息和通信的工具 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子花了不错的好意志 , 她的夜间争论直到她的声音增长了shrill 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你正在葬礼前面的时候 , 周期的爬行者不断骑着骑着骑骑马 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	bronxzoo是不可思议的 , 幻想 , 非常好的领域 , 用那么多的喷洒zo来看到和做 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是 , 为什么想让交叉技术混合ui组件吗 ? 路恩解释了一些使用cas的用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 基于jw1h医院信息系统设计并开发军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	弗雷和nfma都加强发展中国家的能力 , 以管理他们的森林信息基地管理自己的利益 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小规模化学运行并从我们的铜矿中污染 , 证实这是灾难的 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	该病人和41名其他41名乘客在星期四到达墨西哥墨西哥墨西哥的乘客 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果要求tc的准确精度是否需要tc的内部区域效应 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	高楼煤焦焦焦涂料为合金服务中钢和混凝土的保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	民法制度的文化从自由资本主义到垄断资本主义的转变开始 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	任何这些位置或风格的用户都需要登录的好用户 , 可以找到不会破坏或错误的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	考察了肝重和体重、tg、tc、hdlc、ldlc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已达到世界标准 , " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	耶稣问他们 , " 圣诞节上哪个法律:做好或做恶魔 , 拯救生命或杀死 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一位19岁的工人名叫马湘建的身体被发现在他高层门口前4:30 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	您还可以回忆到媒体称为 " 附近的magoo先生 " 和 " 哈勃 " 的麻烦 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但是 , 他在爱丁堡大学之后 , 他在自然历史上证明了更多的兴趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	问 。 我的青少年参加了这么多活动:学校 , 婴儿坐在教堂 , 体育 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	另外有人说:这里的选举在另一个维度上的选举 , 这可能是字符或是什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	洛斯说 , 这些发现显示了改善我们的理解重量、身体脂肪和疾病关系的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户保持他们的网站朋友的列表 , 并且看到其他人添加了朋友 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家们谈论工资平等 , 但我父亲在他的整个职业生涯中取得了实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 中国三英寸金莲和西珊瑚也有这样的美丽时尚 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果在意大利销售iphone的权利 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 这个概念是阻止你的裤子 , 你不能得到的东西 , 或者你错过家里 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维多·弗莱奇的基本预期 , 承担利益是管理其他人民币的费用 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的泡沫实验中 , 得到直接闪光技术能满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	有1500w独立的墙类型空调 , 每个客房都可以调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个逮捕图像来绘制眼睛和覆盖的线索 , 通过给出一个令人惊讶的想法 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 , 请不要期待我做床的完美 , 画一张照片或扔球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	在过去五年里 , 慢性发现 , 他们的媒体增加 , 调整通货膨胀 , 是19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法采用改性trapelisa检测2780细胞的晶体酶活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做许多选择 , 但是如果你想知道什么做什么 , 咨询ocap风险项目wki页面 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一个新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我将尽快与这个团队合作最好的合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	艾莉·迪金森与她的姐姐拉文尼亚住在一个名叫 " 家乡 " 的房子里 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我住了整个夜晚 , 醒了一个硬盘 , 让蚊子从刚刚到达她身边 , 就像一个卫生一样 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始思考这些问题在你在冥想中所做的情况下 , 他们甚至使它更加稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而 , 我们看到政府官员属于最刑事和 " 无法律 " 专业周围的刑事和 " 无法律 " 职业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书长 。 我们离开时间了 ! 你必须向卡车设备提取它从城市提取了它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们建立在一系列港口中 , 每个港口都是独特的目的 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇到了她未来的丈夫陈纳尔 , 他是中国主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了移动、功能、前面的目标外 , 它需要男性需要提示 , 除了没有目标外 , 外 , 还需要男性 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这实际上 , 我想从希腊语中推出来 , " synkope " , synkope , synkope , synkope 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的效果是城市收入的侵蚀 , 因为这些税收的财产价值依据继续缩短 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在m1可能是莫托格普最好的自行车 , 雅马哈有很大的骑士 , 所以它看起来像他们不需要我一样 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的快乐 , 他带来了我的生活 , 因为每个梦想都是真的 , 因为我在他里找到的所有爱情 , 我永远感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑蚁获得多年的工作经验 , 合作&w设计专业和完善业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑了大机械远程测试的相同特点 , 该系统可以在其他大机制测试过程中应用 , 并找到变形的应用 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	其中最流行的接收应用程序之一是28000个收购从gourmet和bon竞争中获得的 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	全球经济增长越来越慢 , 它从19年前的26个国家的26个国家的26个国家报告了4月的数据 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统主义者们把手带到 " 价值 " 和 " 钻石化 " 整个行业的 " 蒸发 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	你的细胞制作转移rna , 如果他们在这里做一个转移rna分子 , 他们只是放在另一个结束 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水饱和缺陷、自由水、边界水和细胞盐浓度与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要攻击 , 一个在拉霍尔和其它的队列中 , 杀死了100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	它似乎没有明显的法律 , 花色与总黄酮含量之间的差异和总黄酮含量 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	1996年的一年报告由纺织咖啡分辨纸创造的espresso地面 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	我的家里很容易的步骤 , 穿着沙拉 , 心里 , " 波普斯 , " 唱它的歌曲 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 我今晚不会喝酒 , 因为我是指定的司机 , 只要给我的酒杯给我设计的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 讨论了类似聚硅烷的研究难题 , 并提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	本文介绍了 " 海关301船 " 的全尺度测试结果 , 或者没有流体坦克和海洋的全流量测试结果 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 有其他火山网站 , 例如mtetna和火山 , 这可能适合研究者的模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	潘多立即派出最好的萨普郡、rubies和钻石的订单 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会用压力推动 , 并且允许自己像电影和舞蹈一样的娱乐活动 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友圈里 , 工作选择是最有可能从政府中提高投票的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人达成共识 , 坚持联合开发和加速咨询的总体方向 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是个坏消息 , 阿森·罗伯恩和乔布伦和乔治·科尔 , 我试图看他们如何在团队获得正常的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在一家家住宅设施安全 , 水 , 享受舒适的纯水 , 下午4点钟 , 因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 元明石的文本研究对红色管理梦想中的纯粹世界的纯粹性研究 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除消除 , 或者制造 , 两者都计划和不完成的下滑 , 通过消除单点失败 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能继续恢复 , 左臂仍然固定 , 左手腕皱褶皱皱的脚趾开始拉 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:研究高氧诱导慢性肺疾病的血管蛋白i型受体表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册查找表的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	买方和卖方签署合同的任何建议应当在此合同中添加额外的形式中签署 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	空间科学院高速计算中心提供高速计算环境 , 为学生和教育提供了高速的计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	在1960年10月获得了许可科学的学位后 , 我进入了我在1960年10月的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	美国政府出版的目录是联邦发布的可搜索数据库 , 与这些可用的网上有关联系 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	2006年到2010年之间 , 美国图片并没有给任何中国的五家公司提供专利 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管如此 , 赵伟也强调了表演工作限制剩余的手段 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈伊克和罗宾斯强调 , 关于私人水果的关键主义是短期观察的 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是全国最大的关注生态和运动的重要影响 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	通过它的大小约束 , 病毒使用翻译阅读框架来生成蛋白的完整补充 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二个维度是 , 你需要更多的财政刺激-在能力强制它的国家中 , 这是前载的 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁 , 用柠檬汁洗脸 , 还可以在黑头上的柠檬汁抽出他们 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:改善三阳和三阴素对女性疾病经典治疗的综合症状 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	室内选项不会引起一些可燃和爆炸物质 , 室内吸收禁止燃的防火工具 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	在生产和测试环境中 , 扩展能力自动定位所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 用于监控和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内外 , 我们的客户包括宝钢、手钢、任何ang钢、江阳集团以及其他大铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘书服务估计 , 约1亿美元反馈美元每年印刷 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	老师的专业道德在太阳的思想中产生了两个方面:历史和实践 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文应用自组织竞争神经网络在异步电机识别中的应用 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立hplc方法 , 同时评价氧化合物和ketotennas喷雾的同时评价方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防守建立的可能 , 中国已经破坏了f17的秘密 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	最近一项调查显示 , 大约78.9%的大学生希望在毕业后进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼子常被描述为人类邪恶的害怕 , 正是对莫莫塔罗的司法行为 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	利用光敏聚合物实现高温比 , 采用光敏聚合物 , 实现高温电极和总线 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业金融状况尤其糟糕 , 半人说他们的学生债务不能拯救 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 查丽的天使 , 爱船 , 王朝 , 永远希望90210和梅罗塞地方 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	艾滋病毒/艾滋病联合项目已建立一个委员会 , 以研究亚洲和太平洋发展的影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	随着罗斯森布莱特笔记 , 黑写评论的批评经常被当作黑人史上暴露的前景 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	您应该提醒 , 除非你给予正确和完成的信息 , 否则你将会参加任何关于这项会议的相关事件 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的拳击工程师托马斯·塞尔克尔 , 本周第一次机器飞行 , 这个星期持续1分钟30秒 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	我的影子知识 , 缺乏实际经验 , 希望读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	在这时刻 , 对于我来说 , 地球的心是这个无眠的春夜 , 希望早晨在星球冥想中 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 移民不应该被那么严肃的处理 , " 一位绝望的父母说 , " 他们对我们感到怀疑 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了电影的动画角色 , 并有一位动画室的手表演 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰一起 , 三分之三的路或中道 , 火焰分离火焰 , 火焰分离出来 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	夜晚 , 安静地进西 , 忽略地球的子或是 , 几个阴影的激光在边缘的想象中有多少 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她穿着银色的时候 , 她的右边闪着她的右边 , 马上第一个指令就是逃离危险 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于二次记录的发生 , 转换辊板可以产生比较完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx之间的数据源记录和数据源的字段数据成员之间的数据记录 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	通过肥化水稻产量稳定性高 , 协调氮供应和氮要求的平衡 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 和一个新的女王贝尔领导了这个被子绑定的女王贝尔 , 然后 , 看看接下来几乎没有蜜蜂的数字 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开校园 , 他的螺杆重建路或吹风桥 , 吉尔伯特等着回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	结果表明 , 采用多样热处理方法是实现相关转子锻炼位置的一种新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷和吸引色彩可以更新药品包 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自那以来 , 父亲在6月第三日在全国第三个星期日的第三个星期日认识到了他们的家庭 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么我们那么多人在疲惫的日子前 , 为什么很多人把自己放在一顿微波饭前吗 ? 因为这是很方便的 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是用简单的支架结构平原文本 , 许多通道可以交换json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	紧急车辆的司机和员工不能放弃他们的邮件 , 死在那里 , 他们停止给援助和援助 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	kevinrud在昨晚与澳大利亚的选民们一起向前进 , 为了让他们忘记新未来的未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了黄铁的反应机制及反应产品利用现状 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看起来很紧密 , 我们的野花就像我们在花园里培养的任何东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	2008年在澳大利亚发现的2008年 , 这个著名的画家是在澳大利亚发现的数千名画家之一 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生命时间短...永远有享受生活的权利 , 享受美好的东西 , 包括这个小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	有效的支付红酒 , 红酒 , 官方网站支付薪酬汤 , 酒 , 帕尼亚汤汤 , 效果好吗 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 绍兴鸭年龄和饮食cp水平明显影响cp保留比 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城市周围的海关的新收集也揭示了很多文件夹 , 但也有实际的事情 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音乐、光、音乐和技术展览会每年五月举行的是五月六 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 可以在电影生长过程中提高膜厚度 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与控制组相比 , 颈动脉和颈动脉的区域显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	本文总结了vsam文件的结构、数据空间、目录、保护vsam的数据和功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法对79例稳定性维利戈患者的358例病变进行治疗 , 30-30次nm激光治疗 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	相关建议在最后一部分引起2nd一代农民工平滑进展的建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些最喜欢的机构服务 , 享受短距离、低成本和管理或监督的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡水库地区岩体力学性能的影响进行了评价 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署的机器关闭最小磁盘或ram需求 , 那么它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法将患者分为不同组 , 然后所有患者都在肾上彩色多普勒能量检查 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃无情地向李嘉嘉嘉嘉嘉嘉嘉笑 , 总是带着刘晓的醉酒 , 晚上与刘智慧的性景 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 在妊娠期间隔离有效的抗抑郁药物 , 包括60%或更多的复发风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果动物研究中 , 肺动物可能抑制淀粉生长 , 巴克里斯科利和巴克里斯 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当有建筑物时 , 他们通常是贫穷的泥土或阿多比不幸存雨季的结构 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转折点 , 我认为经济危机显示了不控制移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	提出了一种基于cpld控制器的两个amplitude的常用cpld控制器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一名刑事诉讼者在她的银行员工时 , 莫萨亚和莫里亚的大量资金从她的时候偷走了大量资金 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他民事服务员通常会参加在离职训练不超过12天的积累训练 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化剂活化碳脱臭装置 , 用于净化臭气体在污水泵站的净化气体 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonams地理数据库可以在创建性常见属性许可下载免费的下载自由 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯特莱托也知道 , 金买了几个不同的传奇传奇与其开始和其意义相关的传奇 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种低电压仪器的粒子扫描优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这并不听起来 , " 最后 , 瓦斯告诉我我我受到ptsd的伤害------------------------------------------------
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺庙里 , 他发现男子卖猫 , 羊和狗 , 其他人坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	vbelt等效系数表明 , vbe带轴承能力高于平板带带的轴承能力高于平板带 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子们通常在同一晚上都有夜误 , 一般有时候在睡眠之后的第一小时里 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	每年生命的增加成本计算了所有可靠的个人和高危个人 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可以使用gui基于容器的管理工具来修改包容器基于特定环境的容器 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可证是一种保护草药 , 许可证人正在推出电话和逮捕咳嗽的指示 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo顾问流程外包服务提供了部分或整体化的服务 , 在招聘期间客户的各种服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去五十年或一百年 , 转移民族主义是文学知识分子中的常见现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	采用碘为催化剂 , 合成了黄油醛和甘油醇 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文对接口自动、时间接口自动、资源接口和游戏基于游戏的思想进行调查 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	悲剧事件 , 例如9/11恐怖袭击 , 也倾向成为儿童记忆中搜索的 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 明星半学习的启动是多维学术和实践意义的学术和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏人物会在实现教学对象和教学任务中发挥重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这几年来 , 由自由民主党引入的改革 , 以恢复日本长期的经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	世界上先进液态氮卡车已应用于石油生产中 , 并在1994年进口了良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我喜欢婴儿、收集死亡事物的陌生添加特色 , 并且完全保持婴儿的婴儿 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯·沃布尔顿说 , mbation计划显示 , 成员们在开发可持续食品生产的领先作用 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	罗弗再次拯救埃瓦桑 , 周围医生和他的巨大的形态和从洞穴墙下降 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在让我们还检索我们的网格工作的部分是我们的所有的 , 只有能量和重复洞和空间 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于那些曾经在烹饪和苏达的人来说 , 路到整个谷物 , 偶尔的蔬菜生活开始了这个阶段 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgfgfgfa晶体生长过程中多晶体的接口效应和发生情况 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留电话号码 , 包括区域代码 , 当他们从国家移动时 , 所以很难知道他们的地方 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法选择11例锻炼阶段的病例 , 对血液动力监测进行扫描 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本文的目的是在本论文建立的研究模式 , 尽管本论文的研究模式仍然不足 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	业务首先 , 王理查德说 , 当他站在塔里的另一王时 , 他吸烟了婴儿 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	多孔硅和其制备工艺在微风器领域广泛应用于微风器的领域 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看来 , 如果安全设备在这个活动中 , 没有什么事情会保护他们在利物浦失败的伤害 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像来自墨西哥 , 美国宇航局发现的任务 , 导致最初的星球的第一个轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我的前老师告诉我 , 作为英语主要的英语课程 , 我应该读大巴巴拉 , 其中一个主要演奏由g.b.haw 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘翔的作品显示了中国现代化的中国人民在后面留下的现代化 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三棵宝石 , 他将他的路回到天堂 , 当他在珍珠的门外 , 他决定检查他的内容 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能会触摸奶酪 , 嘴唇 , 胸部 , 腿 , 双腿感觉他们的伴侣沿着他们的手 , ighs , ighs , 或者胃 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	利用区域气候模型研究了我国土地利用和土地覆盖变化的区域气候反应 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	通过筛选蛋白发挥其生物功能 , 其中选择蛋白p是10个细胞蛋白质的特殊形态 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , chci3和ccl4浓度比来源水的含量更高 , 尤其是ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	另外 , 它应该有几个巨大的炸弹场景 , 可以提供动作和破坏时刻 , 所以这可能是有趣的 , 甚至是有趣的 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在达到山顶 , 将在一个转弯之后 , 公共汽车的右侧面面临着不可信的障碍 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想要对我的员工来说 , " 玛丽·艾伦解释说 , 希拉斯堡的超级人士 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍联系或非相关设施如标题位置、观察器座位、相机位等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	科学通信者在全球范围内开发战略 , 涉及科学进展的决策 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦克带领了72%的人们报道说 , 美国人在12月12日发生的时候 , 美国人民占了59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨这些考虑并讨论了空气冷却系统如何能帮助您优化您的mig或tg焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	它们之间有一些不同 , 温度的变化比过渡性更大 , 但它们丰富和发展文本理论一起 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖项于1963年开始视觉效果分类 , 虽然它被称为 " 特殊效果 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入海洋理查德 " 马克 " 机器在全球最终武器搜索的野生骑行 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫爸爸 , 看起来似乎他等着电话 , 然后拿起我的地址 , 很有效地给我带来了地址 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	将重损害到9秒以上的目标 , 大大减少了他们的arar , 只能从侧或后方使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的马拉里亚控制部门 , 与国际研究团队一直在监测这个干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部署 , 自我管理 , 自卫生能力最小化人干预的需要 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pd港已提交计划开发美国102亿美元的进口中心 , 用于使用一个主要的英国零售商 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 潮湿 , 无点 , 冰冻冷的王子 , 蓝神经节 , 舞蹈大三角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地失望法使农民进步更容易购买大型公共领域的土地 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在答案中 , 您可以设置预定义的数字并在哪个电话应该自动答案之后选择的环数 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	近2000多名全球800多名员工提供技术、系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	第二次你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能在你的身体生前从哪里出现它 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析师表示 , 中国在短期内 , 希望巩固其业务 , 将与bloomberg、时间警察和viacom相似的公司相似 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果rac节点停止工作 , oracle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到oracleracle清洁和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在通知的过去 , 一个发展的国家往往被视为缺乏访问现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdgpet延迟图像在腹部恶性肾肿瘤诊断中的应用价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	本文分析夏季马洛多污染现状的特点 , 并提出相应的操作措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:通过结合磷酸和柏林水氯化物 , 测定复合物的方法 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	四川人民国会议院的责任是由于担忧贿赂的嫌疑人嫌疑的 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	这句话的前面提出了政治顾问的建议 , 叫政府放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	白领导的原因是他们在职业生涯中追求工作成就的原因是他们在工作中获得的工作成就 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 所有这个地震发生了 , 我想 , 卡拉马 ? 当你不好事情发生在你身上 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当复制的时候 , 这个集体知识使软件模式和类型分类为反ipterns 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文总结了近年来磁聚合物微球的成就和应用情况 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象相相似的尘埃丸子向热蓝星 , 是他们的血液效应的细胞标志 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但是很古老的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf的实现 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.obox地址 , 接收者的电话号必须包含标签 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要的研究 , 为了让我们最终决定我们需要多长时间持续的抗plal治疗 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论什么原因 , 我往往往认为他是一个低级的 " 内容 " , 但是他的出版历史相信这张图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉先锋在国家运动队的目标中突破 , 这次他反对英格兰的时候 , 他对阵英格兰 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿的父母是很好的判断 , 让一个老儿子立即安排工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能量中心位于人神经系统的主要分支 , 从西班牙到头顶部 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	当决定一个特定的业务动机发言人规则和指导你的团队的时候 , 你必须相信你的指南 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	新连接网站的初始版本 , 临床和翻译科学网络将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	断裂是影响煤灰材料湿变形的重要因素 , 具有较好的研究要求 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了3d扫描仪的工作原理 , 并介绍了atos光扫描仪的系统校准 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织已向大陆卡罗斯农场发送检查员 , 调查结果没有宣布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名签名权具有个人权利的属性 , 涉及状态权和个性权利 , 财产权权和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文对其物理、化学、生物性、生物性和免疫化学检测方法进行了研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	一般macarthur描述了武器作为我们太平洋胜利最强的贡献因素之一 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	但是这个团队结论说 , 这些异常是由于破坏后的冲击而造成的 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	同样 , 死亡必须是坟墓 , 不要双重的 , 不给多少葡萄酒 , 不要吃过多的葡萄酒 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva179的两个大小混合物 , 并分析了解决方案系统稳定性 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	先集中的汁为多效蒸发器提供了一种多效蒸发器 , 除了第二部分水形成集中 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	1974年夏天 , 一个古代宋朝的古河流在南州湾 , 福建省 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	要说旅行是奢侈品 , 而非必要的化石燃料生成是一个过度简化的 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是垂直位置的 。 149.99 , 但是我认为我测量的不确定性可能是1毫米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文对农业研究机构内部会计控制的现状进行了分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃在日常环境中显示化学插入并非与生活事物反应 , 因此它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	第一步合成方氨酰胺的总合成率达到了七步 , 所有的产量超过14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果大学的注册者也在参加课程 , 他或她可能会扮演学生和注册的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	segfothothills的迁移结果表明 , 该方法在成像精度高 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农业产品的充足供应 , 并通过多通道增加农民收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解恶性细菌培养、细菌类型和医药敏感性 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	分析了整个结构的主要因素 , 使整个结构简化、责任轻松和视觉化的主要因素 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其他基本油或合成催化剂时 , 某些必要油的同步主义 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏元素可以改善后期的渲染 , 使你更容易遵循你 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	这个例子给出了图形上 , 信心水平和不确定的gussian的统一r.v 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	沥青矿管变形特征是应力和墙厚度的变形集中在滚动区内的变形 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 民营部门的历史并不包括在历史史史书中正式的官方历史书中 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	21世纪是印度社会 , 印度安全是我国安全战略的一部分之一 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨强粉粒大小的粒子尺寸和任务量对粒径密度和粒径的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种固醇耐药率相似 , 药物耐药率为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了稳定粗鲁导弹的稳定技术、目标特征和检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的研究高频彩色多普勒超声在肺动脉动脉造影对儿童感染影像的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三个规则在数控复杂的控制复杂组件上进行了处理程序和仿真过程 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨两维离子室阵列在加速器质量保证中的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育道德学是教育环境中的一个研究模式或方法 , 是在教育环境中的应用范围 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已成为一个常见的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们愿意与一个生命的性感传播疾病的人和贫穷的卫生人一起约会 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	利用基于p波粒子振动协调旋转 , 实现不同深度的源组件 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热垫是数字化的 , 一般灵活的 , 不要从电源来工作 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 张子子子 " 是武国时期的作品之一 , 这是太主义的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他复合或治疗浓度没有明确的吸引力或反复对女性成年的行动 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	显然 , 这位科学家称之为摄影公司并订购了一个替代 " 缺陷 " 电影的替代 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来10天 , 我将在chq上做过时候 , 因为大量客户订单 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他将要求国会增加援助巴基斯坦 , 但他希望巴基斯坦能够采取安全部门 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期和智慧地使用mmms , 我可能永远不会有另一个冷酷的、支气管炎、流感或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	可能有些背景 , 当他们打青少年时 , 但至少他们将有大多数的生活 , 他们都会同意这些信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse让您自动生成hhh代码和等等的方法 , 这样你不需要做自己 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	建筑师可以通过现有应用程序或服务实现的应用程序或服务实现的实现 , 这些情况需要构建或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们不应该认识到我们的语言投机精神上升到我所认识的 " 理解 " 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	因为微流比长期运行过程更好 , 使用一个微流来实现代理过程实现 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 这个状态不会对其熟悉的角色作一个严格适应了数百万年的典型运动耳朵的组成部分 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月11日电-------2009年12月111日 , 金正日在康吉农场检查新建的康吉农场 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	新研究报告称 , 红色猴子将是最威胁的原因之一 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	参加你的游戏的灵感参与是选择在你身上的东西 , 玩完它 , 享受它的享受 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有好的时间 , 那么你不应该问你在采访结束时怎样做的面试 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	在2008年 , 我们零售主要的沃尔玛已经规定了从2008年开始 , 全球范围内所有的冰冻者都会与领导联系起来 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者指出 , 前瞻性、随机化、安慰性试验需要确认该观察研究的发现 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你不知道比我所做的那么多 , 因为我读了同样的书 , 听到同样的故事 , 而且我从未见过过一本 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p球员几乎所有这些银行所做的事情都是市场产品 , 评估浏览者 , 认识和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售房子的情况下 , 要求从建筑终端移动到另一个设备 , 以移动人们的线性运动 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	唐代茶在唐代 , 东南地区的茶经长江数千年的长江传播 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室长一天之后 , 您可能会在你新平台屏幕电视前崩溃的家里和崩溃 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	印度 , 8.6%的女孩在15岁至19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在尼泊尔 , 这个数字超过10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事检查凯特的生命作为摄影师和访问购买者 , 以及成为党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都能让你微笑 , 很多人都能让你哭泣 , 但是他真的是特别的 , 让你笑着眼睛里的泪水 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海军和狗手迈克·米克在一次采访中说: " 只要狗与手柄一起 , 他爱着生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	还有当他在迪士尼时 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑白色短缺的弗兰克威尼 , 大约是一个男孩 , 他的死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一位专家认为 , 多年来 , 美国已经在技术上投资 , 使汽车更有效 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	人们担心失去工作的人们 , 让他们从饮用更少的饮用 , 减少风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	这个人士补充道: " 他们在我们的运动中心有一个大混凝土建筑 。
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	如果你必须释放一个单身的东西 , 就会使用 , u希望能做一台尘埃电视吗 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	但是当它来到学生困境比例时 , 他们的排名下降了 , 新华22分 , 在23分之间 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速预测弹性寿命的新方法 , 并准确地预测弹性寿命最小的实验和成本 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	另外 , 检查你的手机或pda-你从来不会错过你在你的口袋里或追求的时候 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏珊娜在一月份说 , " 天堂价格最大的交通世界第五大源 。 "
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们只要4000个朋友到希腊 , 谁主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	那些相信透明度的人们认为 , 透明度有内在价值 , 或者它应该是正常的 , 可能最初有很难与这个方法有这样的困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	您可以在输入数据中分离输入阵列时使用这个技术 , 然后在输入数据中分隔两个或更小的阵列 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼工业平均上涨178.08点 , 或1.53% , 11 , 836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	这是一个步骤 , 程序上 , 从大港模型中 , 至少需要产品需求的一些想法 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	高质量蒸发的面包加入大豆粉或饮食纤维制成的大豆胡子 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	化学家jebaptiste杜马斯 , 农业部长 , 被控停止流行病毒 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李斯科特 , 沃尔玛的老板 , 世界上最大的零售商 , 正是说要看到改善他的供应链的伟大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	以色列人继续在加沙准备的地下部队 , 以色列仍然继续为可能的地面防御 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	旅游者去海滩 , 他们去拉米岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫比亚 , 他们坐着和喝啤酒啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	ssife是一个急救者 , 育育一只爱心 , 保养自信 , 生产许多年轻的小组可以做好好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是原因 , 没有疑问 , 但一个人必须认识原因的爬行 , 然后拿一只帽子去他 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	冷轧感觉舒适的织物 , 质量改善 , 作为新客户的良好和用户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	科学家们首先从密集星和星系中删除了光线 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设置自己的目标 , 她将学会在自己身上获得骄傲 , 并且依赖于其他人批准或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥巴斯岛在海洋和海洋的海洋和海洋的重要性 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这些鸟的其他名字叫celebes帝国鸽、celebe绿色帝国鸽和绿色帝国鸽子 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持它清洁 , 清晰 , 伪装不完全 , 但绝对关注特定客户的利益 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	经济理论的主要组成部分 , 例如股市流动或谷歌国家产品等大规模现象 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活让自己从活动中断出来 , 强调你是一个很好的放松工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	而在上次我们看到的完全弹性碰撞的情况下 , 我们失去了动力能 , 这将转换为热量 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	另外 , 吉普斯可能在绿色带购买一块土地 , 并没有知识管理系统的知识 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们称为 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它基于拉丁、古罗马帝国语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果是允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 而且在民主零售额为12.99美元 , 还有下面 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他表示 , 喜欢他们不想被摄影的庆祝活动是那些秘密的关注者 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于预防多频测试电流技术的钢球的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这个字段在设计蜡烛上创建匹配标签 , 自动绑定到节点中节点的字段 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	血清、肌肉和肝胰腺的活动仍然稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	可是他是一名大使战士 , 当他上升时 , 他的嘴里的时候 , 他的肩膀被抓住了 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔吉um发出了四个16个jets和150名军事人员帮助利比亚诺飞行区的帮助 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色的黑鸟在他们的田野里 , 农民们准备另一个季节准备 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	国家不能确定这样的活动 , 尽管它周期试图 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	时尚世界的一品牌是米罗 , 它的服装和鞋子在巴塞罗那开始设计的趋势 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但是 , 几天后 , 经历一些类似的事情 , 我只是独自触发一个记忆 , 使我失去安静的记忆 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 关于文本的研究已经被广泛的奖励用于支出的努力 , 因为我们希望它将是其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	本文关注了两个方面:关闭e2集的输送壳的必要条件和足够条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在电影里 , 他总是穿着面包的肌肉 , 穷人的衣服 , 经常用罐子走得很有趣 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国毫无疑问在坦克林的反叛 , 然后在世界大战后 , 一百万名越南人坐在一起 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	结果 , 您可以得到两个平行连接器 , 每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 然后再返回 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准尺寸的衣服变成像莱弗科斯这样的男人 , 最后的比例可以出现错误 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年的路径变化 , 通过山、小镇和巴黎街道的骑士和风扇 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你在景观设计和城市设计中实践 , 15年 , 你曾经在你的职业生涯中有任何破坏 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	来自雅拉山谷的一个优雅的chardonnay , 具有良好的柑橘、尼卡琳和新鲜的4月火焰 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子们站在他开口口口里 , 荣幸一分钟 , 然后gsp: " 你没收电子邮件吗 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南部人士说 , 三架飞机在凤凰喷射中有类似的飞机 , 并将再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话解决是这样有效的基础工具 , 大多数社会运动组织使用一个或两个 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师长期知道 , 设计更小 , 轻型车辆是满足紧密的经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听着人们的参议员在调查中25分 , 但他希望我们能让我们保持恐惧 , 就像我们背后的路一样 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里亚补充道: " 他们知道他的脸 , 甚至在十天后 , 呆在太阳 , 他脸上没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过详细的数学推导 , 通过详细的数学推导 , 阐述了水平轴向与射角之间的耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明她和丈夫独立独立的房间 , 在一个足够的事情状态下 , 她和她的丈夫都是独立的房间 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	高度禁止非运动员或非保护员应进入模具袜子的安全保护铁路 , 以避免扫描 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 一些发展中国家的乙酸纤维在纺织工业中的发展和应用已相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	烟草类型的芳香指数模型在烟草芳香类型上建立的精度为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用高血糖诱导高血糖模型观察血糖对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	另外 , 通过eml教育建模语言 , 学习内容和功能结构对实践模型进行抽象 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	详细介绍了基于地质统计学的区域化变量和变量 , 并详细介绍了kriririg解释技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤联系 , 克罗顿油产生盲目和痛苦的皮肤灌溉 , 那么可以持续三个星期 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了两代平行系统的稳定性和活跃功率分布的离散时间滑动模式控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	尽管更多的案例报告说 , 特定报告系统比路由系统的报告系统 , 问题集中于延迟报告案例 , 因此 , 需要完善...
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	海地的500多家救援机构在海地运营 , 天空充满飞机发电供应到港口 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	聚合物光纤作为一种理想的传输介质 , 在短暂通信网络中 , 聚合物光纤具有很大的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国与新世界相比 , 实际上发现了一个很大的新土地在半球南部地区的新地区 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	联盟合金是最近的飞机建筑物的新型飞机构材料 , 它是其弹性低模块的著名 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 它的进口工具设置不提供 " 排放 " 规范和环保机构的责任 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的前一年 , 他们被认为是为了寻求的 , 而且在吉利达的杰雷德 , 发现了他们可能在瓦洛尔的男人 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实际需求相比 , 双边商业合作享受巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验的优先性经验允许吸收、集成和精神化经验负程度 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干鱼 , 干燥的快速 , 壳 , 海卷 , 壳壳虾 , 干海蛇 , 藻类等 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	通过预制燃烧的方法 , 讨论了燃烧对蒙古内蒙古人口的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	当磷肥者在这样的国家使用时 , 产量增加但在农民和环境的高成本上 , 他说 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 用煮沸水浸泡粒子浸泡法制备氨基氯化物的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	唯一 , 建立了桥梁纤维动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的断裂动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督徒离婚在上海发出了多媒体照片展览 , 展示了它的手袋的女人死亡线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , 约旦国王abdullahii指出了一个战略 , 以使约旦一个区域信息技术胡勃的策略 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定让自己更加恶意 , 因为一个人喜欢不会被困惑的问题推动并且可能是乐观的 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是simmel艺术思想中的一个重要类别 , 也是在艺术思想中的表达 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	就像你一样喜欢长海的时候 , 确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦和不舒服 , 可以通过运用卢比来工作彼此的原因 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会打个小门 , 唱歌歌 , 赞扬春天的歌曲 , 这个人将给每个家庭带来一张氧化的图片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 船长蝴蝶 , 你不应该把我那么紧密 , 如果你做的话 , 另一个舞蹈和我的声音将永远失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的西班牙 , 黄帝的后裔正确骄傲的现有儒家的存在 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的颜色 , 他的大小将适合一个寺庙或城市广场 , 是一个年轻、青春、青春、青春、青春、青春的男孩 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千岛屿湖地区景观指数的结果反映了植物社区的现状 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	有机肥料不仅能改善土壤聚合结构和基本特性 , 而且对水土和土壤耦合的影响也很好 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这独特的是 , 很容易骑着公式留下头发柔软 , 平滑和易于管理新鲜、轻脆的管理 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	帕德里托曾经试图画他的妻子和小儿 , 他的父母和他的亲戚 , 他觉得他觉得一定是站在外面 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮机的三维逆向逆向设计方法 , 并根据泵流参数和改革方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	它现在包含了一个高端的波特克斯 , 可能是beane先生对这些反qus交易商的笑话 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新列车开始运行时 , 只有一半小时 , 那只是一半小时 , 比它要吃午饭 , 还要吃一点 。
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	苏塞尔化学技术建立了创新和我们成功的关键 , 继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , mscs的文化与正常的假设片表达了bdnf的低级文化水平 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	所有的碎片中 , 沙拉 , 标志 , 蓝色的洛杉矶和jasmine--虚拟的脆弱是最甜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家在多国公司的外国投资公司 , 属于钢铁集团 , 澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernateshards文档 , 该属性非常昂贵 , 应该在生产环境中转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	罗马的高度震惊了回忆组 , 成为城市的诺贝尔和民事发送的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:研究钛铸件表面反应层的组成、结构和微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	金属工具性能和兼容性数据的数量 , 超级英国桌面工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:总结了3501指数之间的文献评价指标 , 总结了35指标 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多个大小或替代面部设计可以提供额外的选择获得良好的适合和密封的选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本报道 , 城市员工的数字在城市员工中发现不包括人员没有工作 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne并不存在在现代英国 , 英国南海岸有一个小城镇 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同样 , 刺激经济 , 政府应该回溯低利息贷款 , 这是为房子、汽车、大型市场项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	反弹geronimo将正确错误 , 但是当数据库访问另一个访问的时候 , 则生成错误 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝金萨尔 , 打个护士 , 声明说: " 在多尔多特雷的袭击之前 , 美国人知道没有什么事情 , 还是失败了 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	在分析复制cobweb算法的基础上 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了根长、根系状态、茎高、茎基直径、上面和下面的生物量 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信信信相信 , 大多数事务发表在星期六的互联网上 , 呼吁他亲戚的释放 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟药物如zyban , 可以通过预订 , 帮助许多人不获得重量 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	确定了24个犹太国家的10个事故组的总体12个敏捷研究组 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发以确定土地供应大小 , 以增强土地规范 , 以阻止土地维护行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后利用燃烧热的方法 , 分散激光hfrl不同晶体改性的稳定性 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生顾问团队建设医生 , 对医生的培训质量有重要意义 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文提出了多输入多输入多输入多输入细胞系统的电力平衡方法 , 并分析了ber性能 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术提供了一个低级消息结构 , 使集群同步中的所有节点都保持集群中的所有节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常是在沙利瓦咳嗽或snez进入大气中传播的小滴流感病毒 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密指定列出了许多需要的选择晶态算法 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金金山警告明华不要破郑中和嘉慧 , 或者他将明华真正的身份分裂明珠 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他似乎很明显地寻找她的意识中所有的倾向点 , 这样就要在她最危险的伤口中冲突 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动化建模技术是研究交通流流动态问题的一个简单有效的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用他们的尊重国家司机许可证申请中国驱动许可证 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非稳定的大脑加工包括加工燕麦、小麦和巴勒麦的加工以及制备酒精的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化工业有限公司是一个成功的例子 , 政府和商人在特殊有限公司合作的成功的例子 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波导致密封液化是黄河三角洲潜艇生理学组成的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	本文介绍了脉冲一致控制系统的神经元自适应p脉冲控制系统的算法和学习规律 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	十五世纪的发言人教他们的学生如何对特定的情绪或消息传播 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	房间温度测量的导电性必须正确 , 如果他们在深度使用的岩石深度超过1000毫米 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	陶瓷线化合铜管在管模中使用优良的服务效果 , 减少管坯生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他跑了 , 没有人笑...... " 燕敏的时刻转变了皮肤风格的面部声明 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	第一四至五叶之后 , 一些强的种子出生于耳朵 , 耳朵出生 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	本文介绍了一种新型电源线的开发 , 阐述了在线电源监控系统在高电压侧电压监控系统的问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	罗华区国王金融中心的零售空间将短期推出预先购买 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	15年12月15日 , 我到达了与国会的奥尼布斯预算协议 , 最后的立法胜利为八年 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它拥有相关松散耦合结构的好处 , 例如代码重用性 , 还限制了测试工作 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在她右手里游着网球球球 , 科尔60年代的衰退已经是一个由镜子反向的内在手柄 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如以前的季节 , 中场和攻击之间的真正的联系似乎没有真正的联系 , 而且需要一个新的季节是闪光的 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约书亚对上帝的帮助 , 他知道以色列人在他们的新家乡之前 , 必须战斗很多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在由卡罗琳·埃弗伦领导 , 他取代了全球销售迈克·麦尔菲的长期vp 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 给出了该模型的例子 , 并分析了一种比率断裂的价格影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	星球和星球形成的尘埃和气体 , 可见光不能渗透 , 但红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但是随着沙德曼先生的变化 , 一个印象的文档过程只有控制的出现 , 因此只有减轻风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生命经常被视为一个公平和她的传奇婚姻 , 为基地球伟大的乔马格奥是这个概念的哈马克 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调查数学图书馆和混合编程 , 对深度6800的数值结果是满意的 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 天津全国艾滋病 " 四自由和一项关注 " 政策在低价国家艾滋病实施的政策 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 , 不要干净和抱怨 , 让人们对你的生命的负面印象 , 让人们认为你是 " 垃圾 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	让你总是想做的事情列表 , 但不能因为你正在提升你的孩子 , 也许是写作或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的艾尔·华尔俱乐部预计在接下来2年签署迪拜戈·马达纳作为其教练 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题在困扰 , 因为两个测试采取相同的知识 , 可以结束两个不同的知识水平或两个人 , 可以结束同样的范围 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	当我们大多数人听到一个巨大的暴风暴的时候 , 一位戴尔德维尔摄影师使他的工作变得更紧密 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将在8月31日完成这个客人报告11:59pm , 我知道这是因为我不知道 , 我会失去1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 游戏失去了流行性 , 大部分是由于化学的增长 , 而且由于我在394年的皇帝奥运会废除 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	龙图像分析可以使人们感到兴趣 , 因为龙是中国传统文化密切的图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是古老的战斗 , 好的恶魔 , 恶魔 , 浪漫的浪漫 , 手动的版本 , 手动的版本 , 好的 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适宜的地方 , 通过平衡和加利亚盾来发现的地区 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	阳光亮亮亮 , 所以卡伦和老太太太太太阳沿着玉米的脚路走去 , 还有那里的责任 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料和磨损的汽车外 , 还需要花费时间旅行到我的家里 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施是非存在的 , 战争政治病毒的成本 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他说 , 随着采取卡车负载战斗者头到前面 , 莫特拉壳的声音听到了两分钟的间隔 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	他回忆道: " 当我第一次看到阿尔帕奇诺的电影时 , 我的生命第一次 , 我想我想像另一个人一样 。 "
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由太平洋裂缝盆地组成的大型超级盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有许多生物功能 , 尤其是对病理条件的保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	聊天线上 , 学生可以表达自己的感觉和意见更自由地表达他们的外语学习 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使它从未来战争 , 台湾伍德仍然是更好的中美关系的障碍 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从未在办公室设置工作 , 我不确定如何学习礼貌 , 如何适当地讲话 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	第二 , 通过建立数学模型 , 证明wrh的学术可行性和比较分析方法 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主机逃跑 , 学校后的代理也注意训练 " spy " 和 " 视频tatape像代理一样 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过mcgs组成的一个mcgs , 用于监测卫星传输器工作的远程监控网络 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加利卡·费斯先生 , 他希望看到银行家们考虑对国家税收和采购的问题负责 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32他的儿子没有太空 , 但给我们一切都不会和他一起 , 和他一起 , 严肃地给我们所有的事情吗 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	在实际上 , 西岸越来越受到东耶路撒冷的分离 , 这仍然是巴勒斯坦最流行的巴勒斯坦城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	而且 , 我的第二个软件raid1将采取更先进的软件raid1的软件 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天一声音会在他的头上听起来 , 他的心里的声音会回答答答答 , 同时他在无穷的任务上劳动 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前石油勘探已从结构储层到岩性和岩性储层中趋势 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	举例来说 , 梅迪亚在孩子里的合伙人被称为 " 尼迪亚 " , 而剩下的部分可能会被模拟推导 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了beaujoolais外 , 本品种并没有成功 , 但是它在伦敦谷歌和加利福尼亚培养 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫拿了菲律师的头 , 给耶路撒冷带来了 , 他把哲学家的武器放在自己的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	算法满足了新字符数控加工技术的需要 , 该算法由字符keleton生成工具路径 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售没有中心的话 , 信任员对其自身的不足 , 那么它是绑定的 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	尽管数据同步发送同步 , 但协议在网络传输过程中减少消息 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件优越时 , 土壤水含量低 , 发展过程长 , 生存率降低 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	血管生理状态是维生素和零应力状态在体外的荷载生理压力状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	轻视葡萄酒 , 优雅混合香味 , 笑着希腊人笑着 , 人群忙在手上 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	为了减少国家补贴的额外 , 国有补贴会增加 , 更多的工作往往会导致那些不要付钱的人 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 金小晓突然问一下 , 吨子冷了 , 可是要求几个照片的想法 。 "
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	明确的确确决心看他最好的 , 很好的转身哺乳动物花了很长时间小心地检查他剩下的四分之一 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画的印象是由中国绘画中的各种方法在自我表达中发现的各种方法的绘画和性能的印象 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发布了网上信息和叶片 , 旨在说服妊娠妇女接种疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	法律对foaf信息的法律责任是否在法官执行的数据保护法下进行协议 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里蔓延黑色 , 吃我们的晚餐 , 很快吃黑色 , 风吹硬 , 风吹硬 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数岩坡稳定性分析与恒定岩表面的平面平面相关 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	牛津教育巴chelor在古老的佛教仪式中瑞典 , 在一个宫殿上悬挂了imphu谷 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个程序还介绍了偶尔突变和随机的机会 , 这些程序可能产生事故发生的机会 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌的鼻子:把它放在锅水中 , 直到硬核中 , 然后用肉块或鸡蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	目标是最后访问文件的时间 , 每次访问文件系统 , 下文件系统必须记录这个时间戳 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	与此同时 , 高温区逐渐减少 , 直到火灾与水灾变化的蒸发 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这类不授权的计算机侵入明显反对法律 , 反对比赛的战斗是一个挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股份的比例越高 , 投资额越少 , 现金流量的影响越小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们在北约和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战方面进行联合评论 。 "
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	水解乳胺加入了媒体后 , 粘性种子减少 , 但污染率总是很高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解产生肉类燃烧需要使这些快速烹饪汤、肉类等激励 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	推荐的菜肴包括哈卡风格的beancurd , 蒸发鸡蛋 , shrimp饺子 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	实验发现了激光诱导血浆的微波转换和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	rubish收藏家们跟随过程后面采取废弃的瓶子后面 , 绑定成为今天的大财富 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受你成功的祝贺 , 我希望信报告成功更加成功 , 快快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 到150名警察沿着中海领导化合物沿着北京的道路 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影中的一个可记忆的场景之一 , 叫goririllas在米斯的真正故事基础上 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备广泛应用于食品加工厂、食品仓库等 。 单位倾向于移民 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	成立于1540年 , campeche经常被17世纪的bucuccacanesers分泌 。 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	技术的实现和应用已经积累了我国石油和气藏在其他地区建设油气存储的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来 , 江苏大学教育评价机制的特点进行了分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这个狗的另一个名字是中国的狗 , 荷兰堡 , 荷兰堡 , 荷兰大卫 , 米尼马斯菲夫和它的国家是中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种基于基于基于基于基于基于基于基于形态的单核和双重磁场传感器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然很难找到工作的困难 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了有限交叉流调度和控制方法 , 提出了对现有问题的改进思路 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是青少年高中实现的 , 研究人员的心理问题研究开始 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨 " 脾功能 " 与胃肠肠肠细胞的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者购买有机食品 , 因为他们相信产品是健康、味道和更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	通过实验方法 , 研究了fpso的动态响应 , 以极小波中滑动负荷的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德瓦尔说 , 世界范围的数据损失现在代表了40亿美元的损失 , 每年会影响企业和个人 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	轻视葡萄酒 , 高雅混合香味 , 笑着希腊人笑着 , 人群忙在手上 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	在不同协会的不同人口结构反映了社区成功过程的过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	随着日志出现 , gename方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用服务器生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含从一个程序发送到另一个程序中 , 其内容和结构由使用的应用程序定义 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东区和nka控制的pw%非常好 , 保持年内的目标 , 也能达到100%的ytdgs目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要思维和身体变成一个心脏 , 如果细胞内内的细胞内 , 就可以通过细胞内的膜渗透细胞的膜 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	通过对比sa和cft的比较 , 对710个牛奶goats的brucellosis进行了比较 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	在东方绘画中墨水的影响 , 利用空间描述的线条在这项工作中得到了新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能会指着你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子是不知的 。 " 如果你相信他们和看看 , 你是四月的傻瓜 。 "
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她抱怨或不愿意在三角关系的索引下自己 , 并未能看到她在过程中引起痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷酸复合物的主要活性是促进细胞吸收吸收 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用和理论的主题 , 需要高科技和很多工作经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和安排很少不同 , 但是有世界的距离 , 特别是 , 我希望我能代替自我效率 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年 , 弱势经济承认了一些家庭可能不能为大学提供资金 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	警察们打开他们的巡逻车的链接 , 然后把玩具模型飞机和四个转子和一个视频摄像机的玩具模型飞机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	她用 " 湿疹 " 作为一种吸烟屏幕 " 的吸烟屏幕 " , 萨洛蒙说 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	这个错误听到这一点 , 他在仆人喊出来 , " 谁给予你承诺让我保证吗 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 艾莉琳达和安娜承诺 , 如果必要的话 , 把我带到巴伦敦 , 我不能错过这一点 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性感很不同 , 就像你似乎说的那样 , 那么 , 所有的事情都有什么必要呢 ? " 问那个年轻人 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我明白了她的笑容是英语拼写的路径 , 但对于我们的悲剧抱怨我们正在考试 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿在阅读或观看 , 讨论她 , 鼓励她谈论和她的问题 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	遵循文件 , 作为国家文件规定和上海规定的文件 , 分类、排名和鉴定文件 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	经常受到冲击 , 偶尔是老年人 , 丹尼必须学会在长期的途中成为患者的技能 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	十个人坐在飞机座上 , 飞机飞机撞进风中 , 很快他们在空中飞行 , 尽管飞行员急速飞行 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期以来 , 中国重视小叶茶 , 忽略了大叶子 , 茶输出和出口日益减少 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在长夜里 , 很多人都有甜蜜的梦想 , 即使是安静睡眠的时刻 , 却不能做 , 这是不能做的 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	" 所有这些都导致了很多苦难 , " 谢克曼佐罗说 , 印度urduu消息机构编辑说 。
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生物化学、生物学、医学、医学或相关科学有关经验最小5年的相关经验 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法是治疗甲状腺切除术的安全和手术方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也许还在世界广泛的网络上 , 这是国际通信网络的媒体组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于两端信息和单端信息的传输线非安装保护的实现情况 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他住了一个简单的和脆弱的生活 , 他不知道钱和lust 。 他总是错过了晚餐时间 , 因为他的工作 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 旧弗兰西哥州长董事会通过当地法禁止在孩子产品中的化学品中的使用 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗阴是晚唐不允许忽略作家 , 它的诗歌明显的地区是宋过渡轨迹的 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西星期一提醒我们的根本 , 苏格尔西的创始人支付我们一次访问 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但看来 , 这只是真正的错误的 , 护理医生在我们身上失去了这个高盛 , 因为他们不能处理他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的评价二磷酸盐的旋转控制效果 , 测定营地b测试领域和bromadiol酮对营养领域的影响 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年风越大 , 今年第一次 , 风吹起风 , 听到了莫伦的风吹 , 干燥留下了人群落 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	赫格希斯承诺继续建立 " 羞辱的连接 " , 这使人们共同努力住在和平和自由的人们共同生活 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	对于中国来说 , 国民革命将在战争中 , 中国的帝国主义行动不再受到困扰 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我睡了14小时 , 我觉得我非常疲倦了 。 这是晚餐的时候 , 我必须去 ! 我很饿 。
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	首席州长和总统阿司匹特 , 克莱的政治直觉赢得了尼克纳的 " 伟大的承诺者 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	妻子:我知道你想做什么 , 你是个丝绸的女孩 。 但是 , 我亲爱的 , 我能帮你帮助你们的梦想能真实 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 治疗最常见的言语和书写示例是ldoce3中不平衡的 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我从流动的7列车时 , 我总是试图在报纸上解释中国字符在我身边的阅读 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然价格最糟糕的时候 , 国内价值将在2010年内展示小增益 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果词汇证实有效的话 , 美国表达可以在规划创建 " buzzz " 的市场营销活动中启动 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	" 利昂尔梅西 " 与耶稣玩了一只鸡蛋 " , 但是不要做错误的选择 , 迪戈·马拉纳说 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您想要改变sammba服务器名称的名称 , 使用netbios命名参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新的ipodnano , 开始在149美元 , 另外一个fm接收器和pedometer , 除了建立视频摄像机 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	可是瑞典报纸建议 , 鸟儿们在路上穿过耶和华的时候跑过盐 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何生理差异 , 研究人员从每个组中分开一定的个体 , 以研究脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语的第一篇文章是第一篇文章 , 来自5世纪使用的语言 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共享的义务 , 确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案件和交付时间规则 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	游客中心和博物馆提供了关于古代宾罗民族文化的信息和目前印度的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈到半民族总体的基因 , 它的无力参议员在大量、贫穷管理的房地产 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	中央静脉和周围动脉总mk和类型4mk水平显著上升 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 公开表达我的深刻承诺和欣赏格鲁伊·佩尔曼 , 是一个非常特殊的快乐 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有帮助的步骤包括帮助别人 , 使用幽默学习 , 学习解决问题解决和时代管理问题 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项计划误导了标志 , 因为它不可能导致商业和消费者的能源成本更高 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	查看<wascehome>/var/directory/服务器.xml用于目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	尝试下次你需要驾驶你的汽车 , 覆盖你的拇指和呼吸你正确的鼻子 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	他们说 , 事故教他们两个教训 , 没有事情安全船 , 最多的百万人错误可能会被罪 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	这个月前的报告显示 , 第二季度增长比较严重修正预测更慢 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要在未来和公司中出现网络 , 应该作为客户价值的代理和集成者的角色 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据媒体传说 , 一个杯子或板子 , 被耶稣在最后的供应商使用 , 后来成为许多物体 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我用长期的购物列出来 , 把时间设置在手机上10分钟 , 拖着科林上楼 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 在ah , 希望家庭在今年 , 我们可以健康生活的幸福比较好 , 不错 , 都是对的 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾丽夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以在短期开关 , 使它消失 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实现独特的特色之一是俄罗斯生态群体扮演重要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、方式、可靠性和空间理论 , 统计分析了spss15.0和2003年的数据 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	歌手第二天晚上 , 美国超级篮球塔布洛德在一份报告中称她怀孕的2000万美元 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	他不会搬到他确保他的男子准备好了 。 麦克莱伦计划是把他的军队放在池塘河里 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	对于电力分布 , 给出了一个特定的a/d转换器 , 实现电力、区域和性能良好的贸易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 可以通过音乐类教学实践融入理论教学并结合音乐课堂教学 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更加热量 , 而且有两个金色的线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些游泳者在现代考虑安全 , 所以与您的健康保健提供者谈论 , 怀孕期间有多少非营养性的游泳员是可接受的 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:通过严格运行非肿瘤技术合作 , 可以防止血管肿瘤传播和局部种子 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种双维伺服四色图的方案 , 以及其边界处理技术 , 为什么 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hm的同时解决和更新参数的联合源chanel解决方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个激活器 , 并评估了在北菲尔德进程中使用的美国活动员行动1 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	因此 , 夏季的 " 巴迪拉 " 计划在夏天被关注 , 有效干旱和产量不明显相关 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三国王 " 的浪漫 , 原来卖草沙子 , 但后来组织更新的征服者 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	chban电子有限公司是以色列买家 , 需要购买电信产品类别 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	我们已经完成了缺乏客户的缺乏传统的方法 , 为了对产品所有者/经理进行优先化控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当两件事都完成时 , 阿拉克看到她的惊讶的时候 , 她已经被吃了 , 因为上帝的设计无限优越 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	海洋、湖泊和河流一直有不同的粘土含量 , 导致不同的土壤含量 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部请求在省域建立并改善妇女援助和儿童援助防治系统阻止和控制系统阻止 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业人员:美国国家森林控制协会委员会和中国鼠标和卫生虫害预防和控制协会的成员 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 湖南 " 和 " 南京酵母 " 是克里桑美学育种的潜在父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售商只卖了一对鞋子 , 他们可能会有一个真正的笑容 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成就列表如下:1 ) ) 自我nofpulsewf脉冲调制为旧的灰色尺度控制 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	提出了补充、配置、修改和必要删除任务形式的技术文档 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	民主党法律师阿基什马说: " 唯一与党联合国联合国联合国党的党联合党联合国人民党议员奥扎瓦说 。 "
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是30小时的数据 , 需要寻找一个西班牙参数和天空位置的搜索 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	对于了解温室效应可能带来一系列的后果 , 但所谓的利益很小 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	二十世纪的系统功能语言学和心理学研究是两大影响语言学理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	本周六 , 兰尼斯在上海中国欧洲国际商学院举办的一次会议上周六举行会议 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道自己的虚拟已经从他身上走出来 , 把他转到新闻中 , 又说 , 谁触摸我的衣服 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴特兰梅哈斯现在正在美国人采取的美国人 。 " 巴基斯坦一位退休的巴基斯坦分析师说 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	营养的一个原则之一不能使ngpang食品、runes、raiss和其他值得这项任务的原则 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里奇说: " 我们只需要强调那些饮用和驱动的人真正会引起很多家庭的心脏和我们需要停止这样的心脏 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马对记者说 , 奥巴马先生表示 , 他将把新能源推向外交和其他非电力的非电力 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的激励是关注战略油储备的角色 , 增加勘探输入和数量化油藏的作用 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它是由额外侵袭、转移到颈淋巴节点或远端器官和组织病学节点的转移 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	佛罗斯尼亚是在德国佛罗尼亚大屠杀事件之前的关键时间间隔 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了教师互动的概念 , 以及教师与学生互动的基本特点 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别事件通常是癌症、精神、病毒感染、炎症和自身免疫病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	1990年 , 伦敦国际城市生态学和crogoordo镇论坛的报道 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我在我们遇到了这次旅行的领导人之后 , 我们将照片和所有陪伴们一起 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是0和100之间的一个值 , 100指数显示了一个轻量负载的服务器 , 而0是一个重量负载的服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	与cv相比 , 通过直接计算了各代非稳定值的稳定值 ? 先前陶瓷合金的稳定性值 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单个结构观察单个单一的混合布局优于单个结构 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	混沌与裂缝之间的自然紧密连接是由于混沌动力系统的无限相似性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	此外 , 它还需要更长的跟踪评价是否可以采取术后放射疗法的地方 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	" 鸟类 " 鸟类、 " 鸟类 " 、 " 鸟类 " 等项目 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司具有进口贸易权 , 可提供船舶自动化系统和信息系统在国内外和相应产品的全面解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	中央政府的传播部门将在执行uan审判中取得相同的问题 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将会举行 , 叫yuletetetide , 特别的餐厅将与yule日志服务 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文是第一系列将在wordnet2.0中获取更新的视图 , 以及如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	湖人球迷们是一个欢迎的欢迎 , 他的两次冠军在星期末结束了三个失败 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	至少 , 根据大多数美国人和英国人在新调查中调查的案例 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会试图把这个前提和使用xenenophobia或者海军主义论文说每个国家都应该举行相同标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果建立了8 , 000个自动测试案件生成600个失败 , 你真正能处理这个问题吗 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作伙伴几乎不能说明当局的实质份额 , 但他们将有良好的任务 , 不会干扰其他男性的工作 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远的时候 , 社会平等的声音在社会现实上 , 系统可以和应该在平等方面绑定 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	花费者还注意到 , 中国已经为其亨利认可市场最大的市场 , 而且大陆的冠军市场每年都在增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国最好的滑冰者为摄像机拍摄 , 大多数年轻人笑着 , 他们的眼睛和激动一起跳舞 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	当大公司规定了屋顶和国际竞争时 , 它变得越来越多的阐释和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	随着世界银行和新闻组织的陌生 , 因此 , 世界银行和新闻组织不会通过尘埃经济预测来消费 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	当用户在标签显示空间内有许多用户开始的事件时 , 例如当用户单击或双击 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于廉价的中国商品更适合大零售商处理 , 他们倾向于超越这些低价格的推广项目 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	因此 , 进入官方站点 , 因此 , 通过接受和票合作 , 不分别控制了pel事件 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染药物出现在感染者的贮藏中 , 通过污染的食物或水的污染物来传递给不感染的人 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	杰尔:我们还没有详细地看到任何其他平台 , 但是我们确保有更多平台、应用程序和网站可供同样攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度的缓慢性和证券市场的稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	核心在保留差异、平平和的共同存在、协调开发方面寻找常见的地面 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学具有交流在主题选择或形成艺术结构中的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文提出了基于检查list和流程图的风险识别特征影响因素建模技术 , 建立了检查list和流程图的风险识别技术 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	连接面板的密封器应该使用无锈钢、无锈钢、铅头头毒性螺栓压力 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计学教学中 , 提出了线性回归的参数估计方法 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物收入导致许多无辜的死亡 , 文化被hated绑定 , 他们不认为后果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中国和外国佛教活动有限于点和线 , 缺乏大规模传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水的表面是健康的 , 它来自第一个地方和下一个地方 , 空气的表面是不健康的 , 它来自缝纫 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波器提供了基于服务器的服务器服务 , 这样你可以报告spam , 这样 , 其他用户可以从您确定电子邮件的识别中获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿音乐 , 因为我喜欢跑步 , 可是我很难信心 , 因为我只有5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除了葡萄牙的葡萄牙外 , 互联网并不受欢迎的猎物地 , 大约有一半被调查的男人和女人在网上找到了人们 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框的角度探讨了翻译条件在空间、位置和性质的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	成熟和抛光 , 一个红色的红色和巧克力的香味 , 完成香料和香料 , 令人难以置信 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧 , 看起来你在生命中慢慢的进步 , 记住上帝从来没有急忙 , 但他总是在时间里 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 尤其是那些希望我们在触摸他们的长期列表的人 , 我们需要 " 公民 " 计划的程序 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	自从信西亚丑闻以来 , 伯卢斯康也被指责与哥斯科特人共同参加他的党签署的coscorts 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	苏菲不仅证明了全球的礼貌 , 可是她的祖父一直是著名的...女王的祖先 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	虽然酒店战略是聪明的 , 约翰逊愿意战争旧版本 , 但有两个问题与酒店方法有两个问题 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	不要从互联网游戏中提到 , 甚至我最艰苦的朋友 , 他们抱怨并且一直试图在他们的msn中登录 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	提出了火焰正常处理方法 , 对钢铁焊、气压焊接、铝焊接等进行了分析 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚前 , 另一位男子完成了杰拉 , 说: " 谁曾见过一只蛇吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	在决定的哲学贡献中 , 它在规划、理论、重组和准备的领域做到了最好的地方 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们终结在无穷的支出和债务周期 , 工作更多 , 终止生活满足货物的空间 , 但意义和幸福的空间 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , websphere每个代码访问提供一个解决方案 , 通过访问离线端口用户访问 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语的版本 , 可以引入报告诉讼 , 并通过逻辑和语义标准进行分类 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白博士在8 , 000人回到1970年代 , 他们的iq测量了5岁和十岁的时代 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何希望成功 , olpc认识到它需要从xo机的目标单元模型中获取的目标模型 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	您必须在编辑视图之前绑定这个控制视图 。 双击视图控制来选择现有视图或创建一个新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已被广泛应用于长距离通信中 , 但它的高系统成本大限制了它的应用程序 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在基于内存的对象缓存中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过在整个集群中共享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在使用总线拓扑的lan中 , 一个部分是连续电路 , 通常与重复器相联系的其他部分 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	马iev影片的一位高级姐之一 , 在他带来试验之前 , 她的比赛已经证明了她在维护伊利丹的比赛 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	当奥巴马在2008年的总统候选人时 , 他承诺 " 拿到马 " 交易和货币问题 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着扰动频率的增加 , 光谱区的数量和变化将不同的分散政策不同 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你每次拿到你的仪器或打开你的嘴里 , 都是建立好习惯和你的枕头沟通的好习惯 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标直接的行动是生物学的基本特征 , 也是识别实体是否生存的重要标准 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 他们在奥运会之前回到哪里 , " vuylsteke说 , " 否则这将对商业计划产生影响 。
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安质量和技术监督局为了促进食物进一步促进食物 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国委员会的全球竞选对气候变化和能源挑战面临世界城市的能源挑战 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	google的技术要求从商人中想到的小雾 , 但看起来很简单 , 安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架抵抗侧载荷在短方向上应用 , 纵向桥梁稳定建筑 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	东方历史展览区的历史展览区主要是对中国铁路的荣耀进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这些信息是您的健康关系的重要内容 , 请立即使用这种烹饪方法 , 直接效果 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	但在河南种子生长工业化管理过程中 , 有一定的问题需要解决快速的问题 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响圆柱头的主要原因 , 阀门和阀座在内燃发动机中的性能 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被告知 , lt关键是错误的 , 而且如果按照计算机会崩溃 , 所有的实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	性能损失主要是由cutotof插件引起的 , 圆形的rutosquarethmber和插件开放的基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于美国而言 , 美国的支持者来说 , 努力增加 " 出口民主 " 战略 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周 , 美国的天主希望只有上周宣布他们最终将对死刑反对严重的反对 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	丽丽丽安·拉弗里斯:直接一部电影 , 我们都知道这部工作 , 你只是说不错 , 还是没有什么呢 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本文的对象是研究几种复杂变量的形态函数和形态映射的独特性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血液动力稳定的糖尿素可能与糖尿素的观察和隔离有关 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	哈基告诉巴格斯和金属切割袋 , 因为你希望你的访问是电子的 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphere应用服务器社区版本的插件 , 用链接标签不能看到您的服务器列出的服务器 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种有机盐的催化活性在乙酸酯化过程中的作用 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的探讨急性肾脏、加强脾气和生殖血液治疗结果 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了基于常规差方程的多体系统动力学的设计敏感性分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	在多线程技术实现的一个扫描器 , 扫描速度很快 , 扫描速度很容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的性质与观众的位置相比 , 只能揭示自己作为一个同时对象 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	对于等价理论的观点 , 翻译品牌名应该实现完美的语言化u 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流流是稳定的 , 如果没有修改到文件或管道 , 那么选择的页面就会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探讨圆孔、纵向和中墙缺陷的探测配置 , 也为厚度验证和辅助监测 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有其他人 , gm的承诺建立了一个比较小的汽车 , 而且在北美的比赛将缺乏关注 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	废水处理厂采用废水处理工艺废水处理 , 占80%的工业废水的工业废水 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同意红肉菜 , 蓝鱼和硬奶酪 , 作为沙漠 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这个综合资源包括一个领导学术和实践者在领域领导的国际支持者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他喝得深深深的酒吧 , 学会把他的精神从家里流出来 , 远处流出来的房子 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 国家核政策的评论是自2001年以来第三次冷战结束以来的第三次 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	这个活动中的个体涉及到的是科学上未知的 , 但是 , 绝对没有兴趣成为更好的信息 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自我开发的光油改造催化剂在氢生产中得到良好的表现 , 完全替代进口的进口人员 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人都在这里加入我希望你两个愿望 , 塞俄罗和kikykou , 最好的生活必须在你的婚姻中提供你们的婚姻 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几个客户机上并且能够模拟数千个虚拟用户并发在各种场景中 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	振动液化床广泛应用于化工业、冶金和食品工业干粒子材料中 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们早期认识到这一趋势 , 我们可以记录我们的资源来刺激我们的关键路径活动 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在不断的状态中 , 和平的思想 , 强烈的大胆 , 以及信仰和精神的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的分析血管神经病的临床特点和评价诊断标准和手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数病例都在明显的区域组装分布中 , 北城市的案例占总数的78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	家长们庆祝他们的业务、农业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续的产品升级 , 实现多纤维混合理念 , 棉纺企业增长纤维 , 创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体来说 , 53%的法国人相信sarkozy先生是 " 好总统 " , 与5月份的41%相比 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源室表示 , 每年将为中国公司提供3000万吨的煤炭 , 每年大约3亿美元的价格从2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和提示部分对如何改变你的行为、学习新的技能和改变个性特性提出了很大的建议 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	基于数据结构的数据结构的数据处理 , 这个函数不设置阵列尺寸字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	amazonweb服务 , 它租用大型数据中心的计算能力 , 同时也赢得了一个价格廉价的信誉 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	程序版本显然提供了比自由版本更多的特点 , 弗鲁斯威尔宣称是limewire的免费版本 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现kdcup9数据集的cdcup9数据集 , 实现了该方法的建议 , 结果表明了该方法的优秀性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯汀是爱耶稣的人之一 , 生活在他身上 , 突然死亡给我们留下了数百万的问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	在婚姻机构之后 , 让我们感觉很好 。 在外包工作和耐磨之后 , 婚姻机构已经超越了我们的爱生活 , 日常生活 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	去年 , 金融时报收购了金钱媒体 , 一个网上经理负责订阅费用的消息提供商 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	您可能早些时候开始醒来 , 或者计划一个旅行到新博物馆展览会的旅行 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	你真的希望结婚詹妮弗 ? 克莱恩人回答杰尼弗将是泰国江集团的生存 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	相比 , 我们希望与胡锦涛总统胡锦涛、温家宝等高级官员在五星期五访问 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	ym:当我年轻时 , 我看了很多哈基姆奥拉杰逊玩耍 , 查尔斯巴克莱 , 当然迈克尔·约旦 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是如何在恐惧基于恐惧的背后的一个叶子 , 并将基于统一的思想形式与光的语言联系起来 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美食用水果和蔬菜作物通常不能达到超市 , 因为它们的大小或物理出现的超市 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	这个项目将利用电源购买技术的海洋电力技术 , 包括模块、海洋购买 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课的合作学习理论可以改变传统的老师中心教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 1980年发布的邮票在1980年 , 特别是幸运的 " 农民猴年 " , 只有每年只发生一次60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是二维 , 那么你经常想要 " 不包 " 每个嵌入列表的内容 , 就像迭代的那样做 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能确保安全快速的支持面部 , 而且大大减少面部的消除成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 在高卷医院完成的过程中 , 经历了医院专业化专业的医院 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场者和消费者都知道事实发生的时候 , 而且两者都满足了最终结果 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从最早的日子流行使用网络 , 网络空间是新法国 , 没有法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但是这种感觉并没有满足两个圣诞的女性 , 马达米·科尔丁 , 马奎斯德博士 , 和这位命令德·查特维奇 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是一名成员 , 使许多基本法律、行政法律和当地法律等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 全部披露:我不会叫做基于位置的社交网络服务的重用户 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovafb2的涂层抗原和竞争抗原 , 研制了一种用于检测疟疾b2的冰岛菌b2的冰岛 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以 , 学习你的第一句话 , " 莱克尔 " [lek''ka] , 意味着 " 好/ " 的东西从食物到女孩的任何东西 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他最好知道他的前锋不会在欧洲移民上迁徙项目 , 因为他收到签证dor和护理奖 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 在高阿尔加拿大和良好治疗效率低、成本低等方面 , 两个过程具有良好的适用性 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌的四个患者在18ffd联合症影像中有负面的发现 , 但显示积极血清标志 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软触摸织物和强力压缩符合机械设计和思想的细节 , 每天你都想穿的风格形状 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	而且你需要遵循时期的正式服装代码 , 没有训练员 , 没有jeans和绅士 , 穿着夹克和蒂 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助你的工作开发工作前景 , 因为你也能获得一个副工作 , 如果你需要一个或开发更多的企业 , 还有更好的费用 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	加入中国男教育缺乏雄性教育者和书籍有着强烈的论点:中国男孩在女性环境中发展 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法适用于几个简单的模型分子和苯胺和hiv1蛋白的攻击 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	五个经理还说 , 夜间的一位经理们觉得他们更有可能做错误 , 摩里的调查显示1 , 006人出现 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么 , 医生今天早上告诉我 , 你的机会很快就让我们看到他说的机会是十个 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每个调用都得到自己的活动记录 , 所以每次它都叫做变量的变量使自己的存储空间在活动记录中获得自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	6月13日 , 捐赠者承认超过4亿美元支持gvi的工作 , 超过了任何人最野生的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人gryvayouchuchuk用他的知识创造成功的葡萄酒图书馆电视剧 , 每天的视频博客展示了酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周一个人叫加里 , 卡尔沃先生的奶酪 , 来了 , 然后把它转化为内部的水分 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是我们需要空间火箭使用科幻系列星trek来帮助我们达到可爱的星球轨道的星球轨道 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	" 如果你有不错的信用卡比以前更难得到信用卡 , " ododysaspadiulu说 , " 但是他们仍然可以使用 。 "
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与睾酮受体深处于我的假设amus , 我喜欢与dpamine一起洪水了我的原始脂肪大脑 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	接下来的时候 , 您需要一个pojo并在注册上滑移到ejb上 , 您可以给openejb团队带来一点感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因的蔬菜家 , 一些常见的动机包括环境、动物权利和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国煤矿一年一定杀了2 , 0003003万名工人 , 煤气吸烟了空气 , 其他地方杀死了多少 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	大多数内存研究重点集中在你期望的时候 , 记住事情的侧面 , 准确等等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如路透小说一样 , 我们也许试图把我们的关注转移到某个新人 , 又尝试再次对浪漫爱的威胁 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 它通常设置alias , 它扩展到 " l' , 对于一个目录或列表的目录或列表 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战是在单个umbrella提供通用访问的不规定和组织系统 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放后已接受大量的关注 , 增加柴油发动机排放标准 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在高磁化脂肪坏死视图中 , 一些脂肪腺宏观形成在神经脂肪脂肪组织细胞之间 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤降解的主要类型是贫穷营养、贫穷微生物、坏结构、基础和重药物 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:分析56例手术中椎间隔障碍及椎间隔障碍的临床观察 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿星期六称为北方的协议和声明 " 深刻遗憾 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店支付债务卡 , 那么你就可以在无额外的电费中获取额外的总结 。 这通常叫做 " 现金回报 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	皮吉昂斯·斯卡特作为一个男子在凯瑟曼德州附近的圣殿里走回家 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	塞多夫后来到马丁斯坦晚期挑战的书中 , 虽然罗斯尼斯里继续寻找更危险的侧面来临 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中的配合线是一个3rdre聚合物 , 但是任何类似的光滑将告诉你有大量的上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一家公司希望在下跌利率上放置更好的利率 , 那么它只能有它的市场制造单元建立其收入的债券 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大型战略 " 角度讨论的价值 , 使福州港的价值极大和必要性 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	您承认 , 并同意 , 您可以享受每年费用的成员费用和相关设施费用的年费用 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据工业分析师马什尔·科恩说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋子实际上购买篮球球 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国东北加利大学气候政策专家mikehulme表示 , 社会效应也不可预测 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	佛正桥是上海地区最长、最高、最高的石桥 , 拥有五个开放在周家和上海地区 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行程度的差异外 , 定义不足也是限制支付财政党人民一大手册 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	金融监管的新过度并没有解决公司的事情 , 尽管他们发挥了中央作用通货膨胀房屋泡沫的中央作用 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯苏雷茨在上个月在安菲尔德的11比赛中获得了球迷 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	我们的路径把我们带到公园里 , 在洛杉矶河上的脚桥上高度的地方 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	2003年9月 , 曼联人在2004年9月失踪了欧元的测试后 , 这个测试仍然是一名埃塞索德 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 研究了硫酸盐和阿司匹林进入的不溶性的改善 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了摩卡/e比和填充剂对pu弹性的物理性能和热空气年龄的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , rc柱轴向压缩比的限制值比总比rc柱的高于rc柱 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织一般行政赞助对反馈和缺陷产品和其他非法行动的战争 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 雷普罗德湾人关系不能分辨通道模式好时 , 同时也考虑到了灰色和沙滩水域的河道模式 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	普通设备的例子包括雪鞋和计算机或类型的键盘 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从当前的情况下 , 欧洲民间政府的发展可能会再次突破巴黎的成功 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	该方法采用马铃肝组织作为原料制备干燥乙肝粉的原料 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	一种透明的导电-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业家都热情关于特殊市场或技术的市场或技术的热情 , 并将销售帽子放在不自然的帽子上 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 联系当地能源的生产发展和供应平衡 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	上海市妇女、家庭妇女和狗在改变区的知识和实践 。
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法74例ct扫描证实的mbienscina病例 , 分析了ct扫描的变化 , 并研究其与预后相关性 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	进入${userinstallroot}\etc\sample\sample\ender.jceks在键store路径领域 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的评价整体骨科学在喉癌细胞组织组织炎诊断和标记中的应用价值 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	在一次会议和一次oath仪式之后 , 10名成员队队长vows的队友确保安全 , 他改变了他的总体工作 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	ollila说 , 微软没有成为诺基亚唯一的选举 , 并且很多公司在与完成的手机制造商合作中显示他们的兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家们认为 , 是在星系中心的环境环绕着星系中心的环境 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了提取物和总碱的评价方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国银行破产法官允许雷曼将现金投入两家银行 , 以避免监管者的严格监管 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法观察了两种不同浓度对小鼠血小鼠血栓注射的镇痛作用 , 并用乙酸写作 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文本的总结 , 语言的整体特征已经做了简单的解释 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	przwalski的马一旦玫瑰了蒙古的步骤 , 被认为已经变得太分散在野生里 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系的变革需要美国和韩国维持 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长廊拆掉了 , 这些 " 被短洞打开 , 就像有些凶恶的森林一样 。 "
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑您的网上专辑 , 作为在公共电视台上留下的财富的家庭专辑 , 每个乘客都可以通过数字 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场的激励和公司 " 通过经济衰退的长期日志 " , 还有几个指示出来的事情 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果您正在跟随并计划在这个点上打破 , 请在您现在有两个工作 , 您在文件系统中创建了更大的文件文件文件文件 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们在非白人群中看到了更多的权威主义 , 我认为当局家庭的百分比在亚洲人中最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月球远远离地球 , 即使大树在山上生长 , 我们不能通过最强大的电视镜发明 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	改善机场风格的乘客和巴格在大城市的街道和公共汽车停止实际 , 因为它将带给普通生活带来普通生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	日后 , 他们仍然与军队一起触摸 , 幸运地 , 他们杀了鹿 , 难以依赖venison , 花了几天的时间 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 对四大银行 , 好银行/坏银行交易应该管理 ; 行业只有四个工作 , 才会稳定 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时 , 我仍然希望一个专注的键盘 , 所以当我看到710的时候 , 我知道这是完美的适合 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 必须是上帝的一般知识 , 然而 , 这导致男人经常想到他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	汞和任何人癌症、白血病、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间没有其他文档联系 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国最近公开支持伊朗的制裁 , 并且对朝鲜核活动的限制更小 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这个游戏开放了五千万美元的游戏在一个不名的战争中东国家 , 交换1000万美元的费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	八月底 , 乔伊·德弗里斯科完成了许多不同的工作人员的幻想:他在一个难以置信的时尚中辞职 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	根据价值链的周围和公司策略 , 提出了分化优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	鉴于通过j2ee1.4 , 使用j2ee1.4的旧版本 , j2ee的能力只是处理请求和前进的能力 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利主义布雷特·布雷特·布雷特在德国部长呼吁她不给她压力超过奥巴嫩的压力 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦西亚全球比赛和塞维拉维拉维亚中场马萨卡都在拉齐奥总统洛蒂托的购物名单上 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在两级金融控制涉及大学和学校在实验管理和长期发展中存在矛盾 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	实验结果表明 , 该样本更有效地提取信息注意在eeg生物反馈系统中的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科尔声称 , 穆里奥没有解决未来的球员 , 更喜欢在手中获胜比赛中集中 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	系统实验研究和理论分析金旦岩盐机械方面的理论分析 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例患者发生nosocom感染 , 14.3%的发生率为14.3% , 呼吸感染占48% , ur24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	在德国 , 年轻人实际上失业率下降到10.3% , 到了两年的期间 , 就业率下降了10.3% 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	与传统观点不同 , 句子意义意义是其真实的条件 , 因此 , 实现了一种分析意义的新观点 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论对大鼠hpa轴氧化大鼠肝炎的血疗法有规律作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗马国务卿克罗说: " 虽然物理学家们经常知道他们的病人会死亡给予疾病 , 他们从未告诉他们这样 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然站着 , 命令他叫他叫他 , 叫盲人说 , 告诉他 , 是好舒服 , 安慰 , 他清理 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	wafer的大小说 , led的质量比小芯片更好 , 价格比异常大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国hiv传输模式对感染比传输的传输有显著的改变 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	事实上 , 美专家们通过实际研究表明 , 婴儿油与糖的结合提供了最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他指责陈氏计算机在精英多媒体修复的图片时 , 他被指控是一名员工 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些人 , 从林肯的演讲和写作的问题 , 在整个院子里 , 林肯的话语和写作已经稳定了 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	大明宫的许多人在那里住在他们的原始地区文化中 , 例如他们的方言和传统食物 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中 , 可以收集如何反射总是寻找固定和永久的东西 , 尽管在本身和治理特定的东西 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔给婚礼带来了kay , 这样她会慢慢慢地和她没有太多的震惊 , 吸收他父亲的真相 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	低频焊接金属和高频钢36z焊接的裂缝生长率可分别为35和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统容易构建和简单的使用 , 并且比传统的msp增加了收购时间更高的光谱分辨率 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 与前前前的pv患者相同的椎体水平有效 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	软银行与软银行合作是一个好的开始:公司拥有2200万的订阅 , 其用户基地已经在过去几年里增长了良好的增长 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	他说: " 我不敢打开自己的改革和开放 , 毕竟 , 我们是第一个普通人打开餐厅 。 "
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	上赛季最后46场比赛的比赛是左膝损伤 , 他平均平均14.0分和8.2反弹 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了沿口径滑坡的灵活链接系统和相关膨胀土的性能及设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	本文利用性选择性吸收指标对性吸收率提高性吸收率的影响 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女人将有更多的建议 , " 联邦主义者说 , " 比建立 , 阿马逊像英雄自己一样 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	这些日子忙着忙碌 , 通过 " 水边缘 " 实际上 , 没有发现 。 今天 , 去图书馆 , 图书馆小时前 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了解决这些条件 , 我们必须根据我们国家特定环境的规定机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	吉莉嘴发现一张石桌 , 许多字已经被打碎了 , 明显不想让其他人知道这座坟墓的信息更多 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队通信提供了一个蓝色的印刷 , 不仅是满足业务目标 , 而且也为了执行有效的工程 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路伯丁鉴定它使用的形状 , 但认为任何混乱的形状都会导致贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	因此 , 您可以在恒定颜色上学习一些信息的论坛 , 这些论坛将涉及到网络平台更可靠 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	分配 。 您可能不会分配、子认证或者否则在此协议下转移任何权利或义务 , 通过运作法律或其他权利 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物所有权在中国大幅增长 , 而泰比亚的马斯菲夫是那些希望扩散他们的财富远超越股票和房地产的狗 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应当充分提供高中培训 , 大学培训应该是我们普通国家的任何一部分课程或比赛 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点讨论了原始日常中心工作者的自我认同 , 并讨论社会结构背景的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 自1918年以来 , 观察家没有使用的东西 , 实际上 , 叶肉 , 季节吸烟完美 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	大米赞扬阿富汗总部阿富汗的阿富汗政府中最大的雇员之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他拿着汤姆破碎的影片 , 她看到一只山羊的眼睛明亮的坟墓 ; 矩形的小狗 , 夜间散发 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	通过对镜子的分析 , 探讨了新媒体的幻想文学创造对新媒体影响的影响 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着经典装饰品的质量产品 , 完美的展览 " , 永虹重新定义了生活 , 完全展示了每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行正在加强中央银行 , 以保证措施 , 直到全球市场转移补贴的高通胀 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个snps也显示了很大的基因生成者互动 , 但是他们的效果并不明显 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	虽然俱乐部只是在第二年里 , 俱乐部是成功的 , 部分由于能源和热情的协调者苏珊·迈克尔 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	杰耶8g.德鲁在法兰克福特的债务上取得了其债务 , 促使投资者信心在全球信贷交易之后可能返回 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	根据计算机节点的要求 , 数据在第1步骤中注册到一些组 , 所有组都是多次承认的 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	法国和平海岸两个不同的法国彼得 , 一个小的 , 两个人死亡的救援者 , 是杰克斯科斯塔乌海洋船舱的一部分 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	普莱托在城镇的错误边 , 但仍然要穿上新的看法 , 美丽的比赛鞋 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	现在投资者要求银行如雷曼和华盛顿互相提高资本 , 或者卖他们的资产来提高现金 , 并证明他们的解决方案 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在2000年民主党议会上宣布了国家公约 ; 在2000年 , 他是党副总统诺明人 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	利用bp油喷出的沙污染物 , 团队能在二秒内分离水碳 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 基金会基地可能是危险的条件 , 例如沙桩和上升变形 , 因为在阿斯坦水泥上没有载土壤 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生将一个程序发送给朋友选择的列表 , 短篇文本消息 , 他每15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	将你的空间传感器与您的windows手机的运动传感器和战斗空间海盗与您的阿森纳升级武器 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	本方法可为其快速、简单、简单、特定精度测定铝粉含量的测定提供一种新的途径 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	随着它的目标 , ekv集成数据从xbrith上传感器和锁定到敌人导弹中 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利hedle增加了成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 发明效益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	由于主人是电影生产商 , 他的客户是电影明星 , 歌手和庆祝他晚夜供应商部门 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	杰西斯 , 洛杉矶 , 卡迪根斯 , 瓦迪科斯和类似的文章 , 编织或克服的丝绸或丝绸废物 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	债券:任何涉及原子的交互 , 分子、离子、晶体、金属等稳定物种的交互 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另外一个是loblollypine 。 风吹不仅保护风的土地和农作物从风中降落 , 还可以减少树木 , 用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个全部回来 , 约翰·弗兰纳根和杰克·罗宾森昨天是非常好的昨天 , 反对沃尔科特和萨米尔·纳米尔 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	随着糖尿病、乙烯、乙烯、乙烯、乙烯等因素的影响 , 证明了一种独立的方法 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	审美追求与各种各样的新闻作品联系 ; 作家编辑新闻的过程也是审美追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西省南宁区南宁市六个县和城市六个城市 , 位于广西省西南部 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	它的特点是:严重的条件 , 快速变化 , 更容易误诊 , 困难管理 , 更加复杂 , 死亡率高 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 地方总理安德鲁斯在访问中国外交部李赵兴的办公室见面 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹承诺实施全面和平协议 , 并在南苏丹举行参议 , 自由和公平的办法 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种交通汽车悬浮系统的组件 , 特别是一个拖车钢袖 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使小山成为我们国家制鞋基地 , 我们需要做以下:独立 , 识别开发和创新高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	最近 , 改善荧光化学 , 用不导致医疗并发症高浓度的流感化学 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	哮喘家庭历史和个人历史的儿童越来越有可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及使用新型有限染色介质的新方法 , 纯化和生产cobra神经xin的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitelight干涉度增加了rarait测量范围 , 其测量精度达到了纳米的水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省劳动员确保大厅地板行人张德瑜瑜瑜 , 办公生长joxuebai , 使其成为重要演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	将各种历史上准确的武器包括机枪、巴佐克萨斯、sniperrifles和火焰爆炸器 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文对水溶性硫黑染色的染色和完成性能进行了研究 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	提出了一种用厚砖层氧化铝氧化铝膜制备方法 , 属材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	选择序列和并行执行之间的理想阈值是协调并行任务的成本 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区微镜特征的差异没有明显的差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面临问题是人们身体痉挛问题的反映 , 只有内外治疗才能有助于解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是早期肾病大坝诊断的最优点和临床价值方法 , 具有巨大的市场需求 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	2004年 , 李霍姆再次获得了2006年最佳生产商 " 和2006年的男性音乐家 " , 2006年由金梅洛迪奖委员会颁奖 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个电子商务店前面应用程序、社区网站、门户网站、样本报告和项目时间吸引应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度的多文本在平均14到21个星期的电影中 , 相比第二个星期电影的第一个星期还有150个额外的节目 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和持有者 , 礼品 , 陶瓷品 , 叶子和糖糖果蒸发 , 胶片 , 香槟 , 蜡烛持有者 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他打开鼓 , 发言人 , 打下他的迈克 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 用好的措施 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	李维特说: " 不要跟老板一样 , 虽然他是个人负责进一步的职业 。
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	阿蒂拉王阿蒂拉 , 许多西欧洲的猎人和拉瓦格死亡了一位死亡的死亡 , 即使没有人能从这样的战争中预期到的事情 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	视频共享能力 , 你可以看到视频 " 威尔 " 其他人 , 尽管你的互动有限于视频内部的魅力 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	它改善了xerosis的主观症状 , 临床xeric严重范围和dermoscopic出现的临床症状 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	抬起顶顶板 , 开始迅速抬起 , 当感觉逐渐与关闭压力板联系到一半 , 开始缓慢 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底层改革不能抵抗 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免面对 , 而且它的传播就像不可避免的平原 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	阿米斯花了电影的剩余部分来获得他的收入 , 让他逃跑 , 把他的小女儿从她的新福特家长回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则的价值是应该预先在测试1中的测试中分配到机器的测试 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几个星期后 , 我们得说 , 克里人希望我在公约上讲话 , 虽然它还不清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果也可用于解决中国西北海域的同一盐问题和地球重建问题的参考 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	一种晶体化合物 , c6h12n12n3ps , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	本文叙述了热量和热量计的基本原理 , 提出了一种制造热耦合热量计的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥是中海 , 18公里东 , 位于意大利边境附近的18公里 , 法国四周围 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有一个文本将会改变世界 , 但是 , 这些文章将限制基地组织的招募池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三个星期内 , 丰富的爸爸停在第三个星期 , 我们听到他的卡车停在停车场里 , 然后在发动机转移 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	此外 , 电压主要是电源线频率和电压计读取的效果将依赖于正常模式拒绝能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南百华贸易有限公司主要是一家优质葡萄酒 , 进口葡萄酒 , 烟草 , 名茶和烟草 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	而且试图让房间在任何床面反映到食物的镜子里 , 为了收到 " 双重财富 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当卡米尔完成饮料时 , 男人拿出一枚金鼻环重牛肉和两个金手镯重量十块 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆教师为例 , 通过问卷调查工作负担和影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类可能像清单1中的同步计数器示例一样 , 但相似性只是成熟的 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另一个风险是 , 个人和商业帐户将会混合 , 因为他们与莎梅萨克尔这样做 , 现在正在苏联银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能导致一位安定爱好者使用很长的钓鱼绳来捕鱼 , 而且也可以减少或设定鱼钩 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 机械喷雾喷雾喷雾喷雾剂对某些燃烧机械喷雾喷雾剂的稳定燃烧性能较差 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这导致模式定义和soap消息生成的soap消息是语言内部并遵循wsi基本文件 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建您最喜欢的收集并且经常使用snippet , 并确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们提供了一个小时的更新 , 以保持我们的用户信息的情况 , 直到今天已经解决了4pmpdt之前 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 膝关节外科医生仍然是一个挑战的问题 , 以重建受伤或受伤的ninicus的功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些政治权拒绝纽约时报报的任何事情 , 并不批判相信福克斯消息提供的任何事情 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管卡普的爱情与中国的关系 , 他的中国球迷相信他能使美国成为世界的一个人 , 甚至世界也是世界的伟大 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	类似的是 , 中国政府计划改善基础设备大型的基础设备制造商 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当粮食地面时 , 或叶子被烹饪 , 它们变得更容易消化 , 使营养更多的营养物被身体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人希望他正在寻找一个机会 , 让他的球队在一个大城市学校的硬足球比赛中接近他的球队 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上周 , 一些主要银行包括ubs减少了2012年中国的增长预测 , 大多数是因为出口将面临的关注 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热负荷集中在离散时期的外界环境中 , 可能导致圆形变形形的形式 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依赖于系统多元文档滤波器 , 可能需要添加一个检查查查 , 请求文档是否是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数50 , 000个应用程序都在安德鲁id的桌子上运行操作系统的手机编写 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 深入地分析各作者的作者的作品 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室是用黄色自行车锁定的 , 可以在仓库中看到的渔业价格玩具的箱子 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	考虑生理信息融合的多维和非线性特征 , 利用svm建立医学建模 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	1934年6月16日伦敦的伦敦 , 美国网球运动员亨伦·杰科布斯和威尔曼杯比赛 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党党 , 布鲁托的党长说 , 联合国调查她死亡的唯一方法是达到真实的唯一方法 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场干预的工业组织模式 , 工业集群促进 , 促进经济发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸称 , 维多利亚也允许在任何决定结婚之前试图与她的男朋友合作日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 尽管这些成功仍然关注高层次的原因和后面的原因 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将有极大的增长 , " cinic在声明符合其发布的报告中说 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个哈勃的太空望远镜照片揭示 " 猫眼巢 " 是最复杂的 " 星球网络 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料排放系统 , 玻璃加强热塑料组件 , 测试方法证明螺栓联合设计 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪士尼执行官说 , 如果他们在中国成功的努力 , 他们可能会在世界各地的其他国家滚出英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	随着所有这些和许多美丽的地方 , 我们失去选择和唯一的办法决定去访问的地方是遵循我们的心 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非其他城市地区的居民 , 可能是在富裕国家的外国人同样的方式下讨论外国人 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位guuguyimithirr发言人被电影告诉他的朋友如何在他的青年中如何的故事 , 他在鲨鱼森林水中被捕 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	限制的数据表明 , ms0和tsr在平均1:0.93的关系中 , ms0的价值大于tsr 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	这些灯笑的性游戏 , 现在有着黑暗和兴趣的感兴趣 , 更有创意力的男人 , 更有创造力 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqae和qam决定额外的行动需要并实现此行动 , 以确保计划审计作为规划审计 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	它还可以通过ct的二次负荷变化 , 保护磁限制总线保护 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 紫外板的清洁度适应两种生产工艺是稳态铸件 ;
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可交付的是一个可测的、可验的工作产品 , 例如规范、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联邦士兵承诺不再战斗 , 回到这项承诺 , 他们在巴罗发布 , 并送家给他们的家庭 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	卡特帕尔斯在身体背端移动的波浪 , 直到到到达到头部 , 把它推向前 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有灰色的摩西卡斯科的故事描述屏幕 , 这特别是黑暗和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一个不可抵制的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中将有利于更多的影响 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过迫使他们回顾他的离开 , 诺佐先生可能有助于最后一次改革:更多透明度和会计性在董事会级别上 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 , 我们有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特皮尔 , 丹尼斯伯格卡姆普 , 詹森·莱曼和现在再次厚了 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们互相冲击了 , 阻德德博士在汤普森先生的耳边 , " 谢谢你们相信汤普森先生 。
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	过度调节 , 压力 , 或者担心孩子经常开始睡眠 , 睡眠失眠严重的后果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 印度的农场社区买了土地 , 它吸引了农民、阿蒂桑和知识分子 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过联合提高和管理 , 庆祝摄影师安妮·莱维茨发现自己在债务中24亿美元的债务 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈文海先生要求一个统一的思想 , 保证各种工作的完整填充和成功的公约成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	最近 , 发现早期人类的发现仍然在中国和西班牙 , 在非洲理论上 , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他在一个寺里写了一个 " 小孩 " , 描述了他的生命和研究 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	现代法律的一代判断报告显示 , 法律的整体体体 , 并从当前的观点重新揭示 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但是他决定采取笔 , 贪婪 , 继续写作 , 每句话 , 他需要支付普通人民不能想象硬的工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	" 进口税率对乘客和个人邮政园 " 的个人运行表 " 是本系列规定的一部分和公园 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 城市和某些私人开发人员开始试图改变商业空间 , 改革商业空间进入洛杉矶公寓 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主人家人知道时间/地产/地产/帐户在前进 , 然后当你想要去旅行或停止的时候 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	此外 , 苏联前苏联建筑有很多平坦的建筑 , 这里有公共厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	第二 , 有一些糖尿病患者可能会受益于vvandia , 第三 , 患者可能希望保持药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	赫王后来承认faok数据使得这篇文章看起来更好 , 但声称一名同事们认为 , 细胞线是真正的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	它还保证您的应用程序后端运行的特权 , 所以你不需要让基础文件世界可编写的 , 这是一个大增加的 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	凤凰太阳首席执行官和总统rickwelt , 长期的nba执行官告诉纽约时报 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	联合国俱乐部运营基金由参与者收集资金 , 机构提供地方和运动设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	它真正的迅速恢复从腿溃疡中简化了李德大学肝硬化学校的报告 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王bumiol的死亡意味着elizabethiiiii成为世界上最长的生命纪念碑 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四十四条建设企业的质量化合同工作 , 应申请此类质量规定 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	本文以西班牙大地区精髓血浆培养培养为主 , 为精髓培养提供了成功的预测 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 闻到竹心深度 , 优雅 , 精炼 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	作者分析了卡尔马尼亚转换器催化剂的毒性原因 , 提出了防止氧化氢催化剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	利用六个量子特性研究六个量子特性的基因效应 , 研究了不完整的二元交叉实验 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到纯粹的时候 , 却发现上帝只有我在债务中只有2个人和苏珊承诺的话 , 没有看到fuuu的图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种好办法 , 包括瑞士分析、评价你的市场、发展你的组织身份或简单预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	游行者回到gulangvilla酒店 , 同时也在广州 , 你会看到三个相邻的海餐厅看着海鲜餐厅 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一套自动化的机械装置 , 自动调节可移动的螺旋 , 反流缓冲阀和升压阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文通过简单的缓冲平等形式 , 找到了多变函数的条件极端 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择147家私营企业作为样本 , 分析了21个因素分析 , 并得到7个常见因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了催化酵母和聚氨基醇类似酵母的行为 , 用于连续生产乙醇的连续生产 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	这样做 , 各种不良后果 , 包括差异性能 , 大规模系统备份 , 确定管理性 , 以及增加失败的奇迹 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种利用feedfor向多个类随机神经网络实时语音质量评价方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在9个城市等待的过程中 , 9个城市必须预测一个人幸运的年度 , 成功的是一个球员和收入 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血浆内皮素变化与肾氧化物和血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 戴和金正在观看戏剧的辩论 , " 红楼的梦想 , 与dprk的人从生活中走出来 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的测定不同缝合固定的强度 , 评价适当的缝合柱重建数量 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	在设计拱管时 , 计算了拱管的负载情况 , 主要讨论了拱管的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的评价磁共振胆囊肿的价值和恶性胆囊梗阻的诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为 , 这大部分是因为男性皮肤厚 , 这种皮肤隐藏出现脂肪细胞的出现 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈到谁会从课程中获益 , 一些关于本课程的详细的主题物质 , 我们将在课程中覆盖 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸快 ? 你的脉冲比赛吗 ? 你的手肢 ? 这些感觉阻止汽车运动的生命 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	霍格胆囊病毒生产过程中 , 白细胞检测细胞疫苗 , 疫苗的病毒并未获得标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	通过活性氯化氯原子的强有机酸含活性氯化氯 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我公司产品非常好 , 产品销售在世界 , 例如:东亚 , 我们在世界上拥有大量的成本 , 日本 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是农作物生长的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和沙漠化在自然生态环境中的重要因素 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这个名字解释他们的动机市长承认媒体报告在城市西威利的犯罪事件报告 , 他正在写报告平衡 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了制造原理、性能、影响因素和中硅密封剂的使用原理和装饰 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五个卧室 , 一个现代的房子在1500米的广场和完整的退休家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个真正的问题 , 关于人是中年人 , 他不想浪费时间 , 你知道他如何实践 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语学习成为审美学的主题 , 对于生存吸引力、出现和社会价值的主体来说 , 是审美价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存浏览最简单的实现是可扩展的 , 允许您将背向和前进的一组记录表示的记录组中 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 作为我们在本周的专门报告显示 , 德国、欧洲最大的经济成就 , 告诉一个相同不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	向api调用http请求的http请求形式 , 建立的服务进入点url , 包括xml数据的详细信息 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持初级和二级学校 , 除了英语和马来文化的主题 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件 , xls传递表 , 或者动态web页面 , 不实际上打开一个想法并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 在不同民主特征下 , 性选择性吸收的效果逐渐增加 , 不同民主特征不均匀 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育核心是培养创造力的学生 , 教师指导和学生的参与 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾范佩西的新合同在阿森温格的代表上 , 但他不希望这个问题成为一个媒体观念 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个</p>儿子主持的美丽威胁陈元 , 陈元终于不敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我在计划旅行的时候做了我的家工作 , 我知道在摄像机上建立了好的基础救援图片 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	瓶颈炎和哮喘可能导致叶子和年轻生长的转变 , 通常是在灌溉期间的地面或喷发 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普遍条件包括人类思维质量和道德、科学在文化、劳动技能 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟对此表示表示 , 中央已经进入了计划长期 , 面对广告的最关键问题是广告承认程度 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以向我们返回不可交付或不声称的订单 。 但是 , 客户将被查阅每个公园的费用 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	除非摩菲的价格不得被认为或接受或接受 , 否则 , 除非摩菲的价格确定了这样的污染和伤害引起的污染 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果紫色糖钾是由氰胺、三苯胺、马尔维因、宾夕素和甲基乙烯组成 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	了解不同类型的吸烟木 , 为了使酒吧bbqgills和消防pit在这个自由烹饪视频中学习更多关于bbbqgill和消防器 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳能替代地位 , 地理长度 , 纬度 , 替代位置 , 云覆盖 , 大气透明 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴刚曾经表示 , bowl形状将帮助观众集中在容器底部中心 , 并集成人们和结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比关键西方的玻璃海洋的地方 , 在美国南部最南部的地方 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统奥巴马将大多数时间和公众出现在改革国家健康保健体系的一个问题 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	测定了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和ash的成分 , 分析铁粘yam和泡沫营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我读到这个消息时 , 我是个完全震惊的时候 , 然后我觉得他上晚上闻了什么 , 他看起来像昨天那样有些什么样的表现 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	资源城市作为一个特色的城市 , 资源城市在建设整个工业和国家经济体系的成就已经有很大的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了当地硫回收过程的基本原理、过程流程、技术特点和工程实例 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果你使用了铁路行动 , 您知道一个锁定的用户将设置与会话内的用户关联的值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	迪恩斯坦解释的神经活动仍然在睡眠和典型大脑中 , 通常与某些模式相关 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一个可移动的观测塔 , 可以直接用来直接火箭和火箭的位置 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种设施 , 例如污水处理厂和鼓励科学家工作更好地减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	虽然他们风险的是 , 中国在网络上发表的声音建议在这里公众意见已经准备好了一些更加复杂的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	纽兰人 , 看着他的酒店窗外 , 在巴黎街的州立大门 , 感觉他与青少年混乱和渴望的心脏受到了困惑 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	本:是的 , 很多人站在那晚上 , 在电视上 , 我看到人们走在长城的街上 , 一条街上 , 让民族旗帜激动 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 夏芝和志明也试图掩盖赫米隆 , 负责推动整个区域的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然适应的身体也可以引起更小的或更重大的缓冲 , 但小调节可以提供更多平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	显然 , 不同的管理水平 , 无论是海岸或海洋 , 需要改变知识和意识到项目的知识水平 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	政府允许沙利亚法律在今年早些时候被武装极端主义压抑两年后 , 今年政府允许希里亚法律被禁止 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 他补充了英国电影的英国电影 , 虽然7个电影只展示了它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	据大卫报道 , 一位苹果代表人告诉他 , 由于它的 " 政治查询 " 自然 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	科学依据建立一套科学综合检验系统 , 进一步运行后毕业教育教育 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	或许最重要的是 , cd19l死亡甚至连白血病细胞高度抵抗化疗药物和辐射 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	该系统将允许战争者使用手持电脑来请求全面的利益视频 , 例如嫌疑敌人位置或敌人领土 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最好的知名和最聪明的美国主义 , 甚至有人认识到 , 甚至很难知道另一个英语的话 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织人员在交通政策中保持周明阳 , 为了方便生活 , 她将家搬到东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男性的完美浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了穆迪尔性的重要观点 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的过程中 , 几个星期天早晨 , 告诉自己完全能展示自己 , 所以自己是必要的 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	该方法使用纤维素凝胶来支持大鼠心脏细胞 , 在纤维断裂之前 , 细胞组织成组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了建筑能源节省和点的窗口 , 是目前低玻璃最好的一个角色之一 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们的时代 , 突变的数量开始对系统的能力进行阐述 , 迈托尼亚开始自动化和死亡 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一项独立的研究 , 看起来像小型透明昆虫 , 两个知名物种的数量从7 , 000到1400 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的商业是非常紧张的 ! 在试图总是的产品之后 , 看看我们的上升是如此伟大的时代 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类语言的重要生命 , 血液在丰富的词语中 , 比如能量、情感、艰难等 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格得到了 , 谨慎地把妻子拿起来 , 所以不要破坏贝特哈 , 因为他付了一个圆形的总结 , 他吻她的嘴唇 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	国家石油威尔瓦尔科在未来领导地位开发了下一代的项目 , 将培训和发展高潜力的大学毕业生 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 携带旅客和货物 , 是铁路的主要任务 , 随着社会的发展 , 铁路越来越高 , 铁路的需求越高 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持一个希望的项目是她的丈夫的重要项目:快速从他的衬衫里制成的项目 , 枕头从他的身上取出来 , 他的洞林球 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文介绍了世界铀资源、其在一些国家的分布和变化 , 通过2006年出版的红书发表的信息 , 介绍了世界铀资源 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华尔宁波计划在专业、动物和消费市场开发国内市场 , 我们希望更多的人参加我们 , 明天我们将会更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	星期五的一份独立报告显示 , 消费者信贷增长在20个月之后的第二个月后 , 经济衰退可能会为支出很好 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者cgmsi和cssi对血糖干燥有价值的信息 , 提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiphop社区已经收到了从普通音乐集团财政细节的股票投资 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但是城市规划者 , 齐心地试图将资本转变成现代、效率和宇宙大部分城市 , 都被认为是历史的 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	词汇:页面像邮件一样 , 但是 " 正常博客慢性 " 的生活在正常博客中 " , 因为你提醒了当你访问管理页面的时候 , 你就会提醒 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国婴儿有效的早期学习程序是评价制作和教育过程的完美评价体系 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	此外 , 提高了rpuf的压缩强度和模块的压缩强度 , 从耦合剂中提高rpuf的兼容性增强 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	文章介绍了日本建筑师肯戈库姆拉设计的 " 竹墙 " , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 使用数字0的立即模式相比 , 存储数据4的结果 , qi4$3 , $3 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	星期日 , 观察家声称 " 茶党在联邦支出规模上升 , 尤其是在银行破产 " 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 在1990年代末期 , 许可样本变成了很多快乐者开始创建背景跟踪和声音来自scratch 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	梅兰诺马的五年生存率大约98% , 但当先进阶段检测到的15%时 , 可能会低于15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	可是在几年的卡拉德里尔过去之后 , 他的房子里的婚礼 , 和埃伦的儿子一起去 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日晚上 , 智利总统和外交部长唐在智利参加东亚地区论坛 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	在全球背侧的几百个牧师个人都是个人缝纫的 , 这个眼镜是极端历史的重要组成部分 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 中国的企业正在鼓励摧毁基于摧毁的公司 , 这些伙伴在美国销售的时候 , 美国的销售比斯蒂拉少 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评中的有机形式包括 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机整体 " 和 " 反对派统一 " 三个概念 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下面的命令将创建 , 在卷组测试vg中 , jfs2文件系统的jfs2文件系统与ununing点/fs2/fs2文件系统 , 并且只读取允许 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的研究白蛋白6和白蛋白18水平与血清血清综合分化的关系 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	电磁搅拌系统的电磁搅拌系统的现状和问题 , 马山钢铁和钢铁的1钢轧制问题 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线继承 , 性别之间的等等继承 , 建立个性属性的基本内容已成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱的完美状态是单独独独的 , 就像花朵传递的花朵:让夏天的记忆保持夏天...
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	华东盆地位于中国南部吉林省 , 是一半格林盆地 , 位于荷兰断裂北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	这个单位具有两个128gallon混合池 , 一个30gallon持有hopper和一个fffang的进展腔盖泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理的多元主义 " 经常表现出民主文化 , 但现代主流思想的主流思想是经济主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种基于更新大气分散算法和邻接方法的化学基础 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的配置需要仔细考虑 , 但是如果正确的通货膨胀不再是关注的问题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作计划 , 运行在ct和超声图的指导下ct和超声图进行检查 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	因此 , 所以当然知道 , 黄要死于剑 , 由于法米斯和森林 , 在地方 , 是你愿意去索杰伦 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的综合模拟 , 包括延迟锁锁锁的锁定循环 , 同步到参考钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸称 , hkma将增加两个欧洲资本通过交易基金的暴露 , 投资汽车hkma管理 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股市最近的普拉克反弹已经在家庭预算上重新压力 , 标普500指数在7月份下降了4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他在非政府组织的限制下 , 美国税收者从执行吸收出来运作海外和接收美国税收机构的限制 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果专业环境防止这种情况 , 它可能会与国务院证券委员会批准安装 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	一般相对性 , 时间被认为是高度、宽度和深度的维度 , 创造了四维宇宙的空间时空 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	少数人习俗是由于早些时候的灵魂 , 因为它更难检查自己的心脏 , 比写回来更困难 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统的发言人说 , 尽管他仍然在诊断淋巴癌症的诊断 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	允许保险人应当确保项目设计 , 按照信息和建立和运行的信息和建议 , 并且依据ia报告中包含的信息和建议 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这个模型时期更长 , 消失自然缓慢 , 如果有重复的拉什 , 可以显示不断的蛇类 , 安伦多的形状更多 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , 尼乌加入了emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家签署的国际经典音乐品牌 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是在我的经验中 , 基uml语言超过文档大多数软件密集系统的基本要素 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我觉得如果我在夜间做一些航空运动 , 可以帮助在15年期间提高我的能源水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从ae治疗的第一天 , 小鼠pmn的化学氧化学物开始降低 , 大剂量剂量的作用比小剂量组的效果更大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	芝加哥会议的发表最近从西门网站消失 , 从未讨论机器使用的特定的地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计数据 , 采用一种可变线性回归数学模型预测火灾传播 , 监督防火灾防治 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法对245名自我抑郁范围、自尊焦虑规模和自制问卷评价245名学生进行自我评价 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	劳里亚先生告诉法庭说 , 我们不应该通过这个过程来承担更多的努力 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	智能科学家是一种智能的智能科学家 , 出现在浮动大脑培养一个集群的前河茶 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司的需求将在20年内增加五倍 , 需要超过2 , 000个额外飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看见上帝的惊叹作品 , 听见神的声音 , 听到了神的声音 , 听到了神的声音 , 他们在正确的恐惧 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地区 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 一个阶段被称为 " 保守老师教育 " 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我能 ! 当爱德伦出生的时候 , 他被给予抗生素清理过多的流体 , 尼古医生建议我们承认 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微气氛从约翰妮走廊瓶里炸毁了自己 , 并鼓励我想象从它的爆炸中出现 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一棵小树的时候 , 他们听到了他们的头上和一只小树的飞行 , 路边的草地里有一只可怕的搅拌 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外 , 还有10天或酒精外的疾病 , 还有一定的炎症 , 无法使用吸收药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预测1 , 今天下载的第一步是第一步在本地html5支持的进展波 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革教学改革的培训应与以后的培训相结合 , 使学生在思维中提高整体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有耐腐蚀性、耐热性、耐磨性、耐磨性、电绝缘等优点 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	该控制器在纺织染料机多功能驱动同步控制系统中应用 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论5种注射剂量对成年蚊子的耐药检测可用于cx的耐药检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	对于大多数来说 , 这个目标是在昨晚的最后一次战斗之前吞下所有葡萄 , 但乌维亚人坚持在13个葡萄中间举行13个优秀措施 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短代码进行同步信息 , 克服相关代码传输的难度 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是导致服务方向与服务向的技术架构之间的关系和区别 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件传递到 , 这使它难以回溯到问题的原始源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接导致的原因是国内外出现的bisdn和adsl的预防形式 , 非对称数字子编译循环的缩短形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组装水电池是技术可行的 , 应该在水收集和水储水灌溉项目中流行的 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 在某种类型学校积极寻求沃尔多夫毕业生作为潜在的学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	本周 , 来自21个国家的高级官员在海威夷会议 , 亚太太太平洋经济合作论坛年度峰会 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	文章还讨论城市循环路建设的功能 , 运行阶段和环境道路站的必要性 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多目标结合plough可以结合培养和松开和实现空实现空实体共同培养方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	太阳erniangs强烈推荐了shinaian , 揭示了他在那时男性和女性之间的平等概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	一些指令开始了他们 , 他们把他们的背部转向火车 , 开始通过草坪上 , 他们的运动就像任何球员那样漂亮 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	pyridoxine:发现比甲基苯胺治疗一组高活性儿童的高活性儿童更有效 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国商业、进一步的作用 , 对国家经济的巨大影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您为您收集并保持weidonxing作品和收集卡 , 收集行为也是工作的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每日用一天的剂量看到他们的平均数量满足性经验增加了2.7到4.5% 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江南地区油气勘探潜力良好 , 低渗透性变化4+5储层 , 矿井盆地 , 奥多盆地 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	研究将看看是否采取垃圾胶囊是否会破坏病原伪单体的通信系统 , 以防止病毒阻止疾病 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于亚级水库特殊的地质特征 , 注射化学代理的通用方法不适合亚层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	玛丽说: " 我不说我们看起来很多人 , " 她说 , " 你不必死去是穷人 。 " 我总是记得那个 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	据说 , 这种革命可能是被禁止或hijack的 , 硬线和ocrats在一天结束的结束之后 , 这些革命可能是有可能的 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	虽然iq和个性测试可能不会对费克纳的思想产生直接的直接关系 , 他们的精神相同:测量 , 去量量 , 去量化 , 了解其间的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	但是 , 沙箱有墙壁 , 如魏博现在并不和外国人玩耍 , 并对一个严格的监视和刑事政权进行严格的监控 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	嗯 , 这是一个非常大的电话 , 如果你看完整的日子 , 找到一个积极的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobraddock认识到 , 在线订购杂志的最大的障碍是消费者不能检查和触摸完美食品 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每个病人治疗 , 预算中有相当的变化 , 在2002-2005年总数ntp预算和总成本总成本的变化 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 通过发明一种复合压力的改进 , 具有摩擦压力和液压压压力的优点 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	这个月 , 印度议会辩论 " 普通稳定 " 这个月后大幅忽略了这一问题 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究格里菲大学视觉媒体的研究 , 并提供了一些有趣的观点 , 为他在格兰菲的经历提供了一些有趣的观点 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在螺杆板上 , 几乎所有的人都离开了站台 , 哈克急匆匆匆匆地走出了体育场 , 跑到停车场里 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	尽管目前的数字可能会建议一个步骤 , 但分析师们认为他们并不是中国贸易所定义的指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译在点上编辑的 , " 一个邮件附加到sina.com的翻译 , 流行的web门户 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	分析了反垄断机构的四个主要模型 , 指出有效电源对抗垄断权威的重要作用 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗跟踪 , 但这通常缺乏他或她看作是为了制造利润的手段 , " lucnoel博士补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	另外 , 园林地区、阿格兰、居住和工业土地将获得峰值 , 然后减少稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbc报道 , 至少有19人死于7月24日在德国杜伊斯堡西部的爱剧舞蹈舞蹈节 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象能让我们有任何东西 , 即使是一个铁路综合征导致无过度的行动 , 文学可以使我们有任何东西 , 并且让我们放弃任何地方 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成之后 , 他删除了旗帜 , 珍惜他的嘴巴 , 一些西里威尔的中国人像14岁 , 少于25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年 , 西部一个城市在太平洋附近的太平洋 , 建于1537年 , 它是佩鲁最大的港口 。 人口264 , 1333 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人做了一个融合并且我发现 , 这个考古学上超级城市的案例很糟糕 , 没有一个古老的模糊 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经过艰难的时间 , 试图学习外语 , 同时适应整个不同的文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个男人为狐狸打猎 , 最终失去了森林里的森林里 , 他走了一只老头发 , 黑暗的黑发和白头发一起 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	atoll-a环形的岛屿附近一个中央的拉戈隆 , 是地球上最大的连锁链 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	凤凰羽毛覆盖鸟身体 , 他们的紧密闭着葡萄酒创造了翅膀和尾巴的气动力表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	在协调异构系统之间的协调或作为正常业务逻辑的一部分时 , 通常需要映射一个业务对象 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	但是 , 有时候 , 这种疲劳的脂肪从低铁店里 , 尤其是在20岁和30岁的女性之间 , 尤其是在她们20岁和30岁的女性之间 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 设计合理 , 运动可靠 , 这些混沌链组合在世界上实现高水平的链链的性能 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了减少沿海鸟的习惯压力 , 需要在核心区边建立水流池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	infoq:看起来 , 您的希望看到视频编码会更接近google宣布他们正在下降h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	马登娜 , 切里·布莱尔和贝克汉姆斯都搬到了沉默的南尼斯 , 威胁在国内生活中升级 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	装备一夜vfrvfrvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvr航空公司 , 将会更容易地回到您的秘密目的地 , 还会更容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	酒吧和咖啡馆的咖啡馆用桌子把它填满桌子 , 家庭停在他们晚上 , 或者巴西多 , 为一杯葡萄酒 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	据陈晓说 , 一位高级顾问赵普林.com公司不能在经济衰退中生成利润的员工 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界上最大的矿业公司发言人rubanyogargajajah说: " 我们不需要从欧盟获得批准 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股票市场指数 , 享受房价和低通货膨胀 , 一定要对银行家和借贷者的愤怒感受更多 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是老师职业发展的重要基础 , 在教师的路由工作中发挥不可替代的部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	另外一位运动员也在20岁的比赛前完成了整的20岁的比赛 , 纳塔利港口和萨尔马·哈伊克 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们得到有意义的结果 , 我们还证明网格指数实际上是在后一部分解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	例如 , 在短期市场上 , 许多人指出宠物利润 , 股票明显的贫困也会想保护或覆盖地位 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者似乎不会被忽略 , 他的软股在周一交易期间下跌了9% , 但在周一交易中反弹了17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意 , 阿瑟并不会在达文裂缝中工作 , 因为他与阿莫斯的争论 , 他已经在一段时间工作了 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	通常的办公室层次不适用:管理人员喜欢farrar , 他在大电影的数百名艺术家团队 , 是无根本的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	从现在 , 只有16qam实验在空间通信中的16qam实验 , 他们的16qam是由传统的方法制成的 , 其数据率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜修复是用小切口、电镜和包装修复术中固定泪的技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	我的父亲告诉我 , 这是因为他们太笨拙地分享他们的家庭财富或过去 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	对于一个俄罗斯舞蹈主题的tu , 玩家们将聚氨基聚氨基聚合在一起清理董事会 , 实现最多的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	一个危险的声明 , " 你们 " 适用于公园的大峰、昂贵的冰川和印象的水瀑布 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达者真是非常热门 , 在那个时刻我不知道他是否是先前的老人拉腿 , 或者他真的是个简单的顿子 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案在建设完成后 , 直接影响建筑投资期 , 确定服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及荧光塑料锂制造和应用技术 , 尤其是荧光塑料衬复合产品及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:探讨板状生长因子对不同根表面附加和增殖的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	平壤 , 革命的首都平壤 , 社会主义公平面临着巨大改变国家的观点 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温显微镜和xrd方法研究了含硫酸钠水泥粘结剂的粘结过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变量指令、多地址格式 , 只包含一个小量的通用目标注册 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	诚实的是 , 大多数人在课堂内容上做到了同样的事情 , 因为我们教导了米歇根大学的1所学生 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自1979年以来 , 信托行业经历了六大改善和修改 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察新生儿哮喘的治疗效果 , 以及儿童哮喘的阿尔布特布尔和ip治疗效果 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南uts和联邦政府所确认的bp错误 , 并且大多数人对皇家付款的影响没有影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	在逃离婚姻之后 , 她的父亲试图安排 , 她在荷兰找到幸福 , 但失去了一个密切的朋友 , 被穆斯林·泽拉特谋杀的亲近朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过他们完美可见的机制 , 建立在天线的原则上 , 虽然故事只有五个 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	但是 , 公司通常不会给慈善 ; 它并不贡献政治活动 ; 它不应该是 , 理想的 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	现在96岁的格兰马·布莱利亚 , 他贷款了100美元 , 一个消防员站在第8年级的建立 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖食品机械厂是一家专业生产自动指导机、凤莞机、抛光机业 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理拉法尔·贝尼特兹赞扬了队长史蒂文·杰拉德 , 为了提高他的婚姻背景 , 他的婚姻背景 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	cuimadam的观点是非常完整的 , 准确的还有一些代表性的李兴请求 , 为了保证彼得那么多的顾客 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了企业分布资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐述了pp和实现技术的结构 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	农村经济、农村发展和农村民主化的支持需要增加 " 三农村经济 " 的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细地分析了圆矩阵光长流动的影响 , 假设是算法随机过程 , 对纤维环谐振器进行了详细的分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文利用概率学和非概率学方法来描述影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	使用hoil、氢阻塞硅油、六甲烷、d4合成需要的氢硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨胰岛素总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的影响及心肌超微结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的研究抑制剂细胞在溃疡结肠炎和crohn患者的变化及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们一起回到了一起关心管 , 垂直平等的老姐在普通时说无人太挑战 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	它在西方和东方的战争中 , 正常战斗 , 运营 " 市场园林 " , 以及阿伦纳斯的死亡 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章讨论了辽朝资本城市制度的相关问题 , 包括周州市与辽兴之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但是奥巴马总统的预算董事彼得奥巴马表示 , 共和党人只是对总统的税收建议做错误 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	因此 , 力量不需要解释:不需要盲目地工作:形式缺陷的帐户 , 内容也限制和事故 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她通过穿t恤衫运动她最喜欢的游戏 , 通过运动她个人化的咖啡咖啡杯来维持她的时尚主义 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本书中 , 《成功心理学》中 , 斯坦福德心理学家卡罗·dweck给我所描述的名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称 , 为了成为人类脑的智能 , 需要大量额外的能量和氧量 , 我们只能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月222日监管员星期五在美国银行的五家银行上市 , 预计将会为银行失败的忙碌年 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构预计今年全球石油需求增长400万桶 , 每天只有86.5亿桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也重视非印刷报纸阅读者的阅读 , 深入了视频、声音和运动到数字消息经验 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近的公众评论中 , 温家先生承认在中国维持外商信心 , 并与国际执行官相符合规律 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果在段数据之前出现时间器 , tcp假设部分丢失或被损害的数据 , 并且发送回答 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	由于它与诺米纳米二分辨率返回结果 , 自然认为它具有相同精度和精度限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	结果 , 通过球向前锋发布了一个完美的成就感觉比完成二次方程的能力更多 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司 , 进一步扩大其生产能力 , 与2008年12月的年生产能力达到5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真表明 , 该仪器大大提高了l、c和r参数参数参数参数参数的测量精度 , 并得到了更好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入社会 , 与积极的态度 , 大家都鼓励帮助社会建设活动在我们自己的校园内 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还展示他们可以分隔整个文化林微生物的社区 , 并创建一个 " 个性化 " 的细菌种类图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在恢复过程中 , 锁定板固定结构仍然必须保护到完整的重量轴承签署直到联合签署可见 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还担心迈克尔·巴拉克 , 但是西森在周二转向穆里尼奥的问题 , 通过对穆里尼奥的国家进行改变 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	法院文件简单或书面论证的参议程 , 以及法院文件的参议程的参议程 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	实现改进的能力 , 他们是否会在董事会和否认反馈的客户运动 , 并且意味着进化过程 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金使人对物理疼痛的敏感 , 减少社会状况的失望 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置缺陷位置来解决与树脂沙联系的molten铁 , 成功避免了缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 与zte的手机、团结、贡献、工作、工作、微笑服务和客户携带的现实 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周的事情改变了 , " 四川人强调 , 解释那些实验室数量的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 青少年已经生了 , 我在银行上伸展了银行 , 我能听到所有东西深的音乐 , 天空打开了它的星星的心 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场对圣纳的战争对手 , 她失去了四次 , 赢得了一次比赛 , 这太回来了 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	" 我一直希望有一个孩子 , 但是我不想试着 , 只是把它放在那里 , " 马登娜说 , " 这是那些奇怪的事情之一 。
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过多级有机矩阵现金在骨颗粒中 , 表明矿相与珊瑚灰质有机矩阵相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例患者有虚假积极的结果 , 包括11例自治平衡 , 9例高血压 , 6例糖尿病和6例 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另外一个任务从未证明 , 帕帕诺迪亚的兴趣严格是家庭的 , 参议员们有血关系到了大巴嫩 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了一种有效的dmus的方法 , 提供了一种有效的决策和科学管理的参考依据 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果与谷歌地图发生了同样的效果 。 当公司试图120kb页面大小减少了30% , 公司开始增加30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑阴也说服了卫生 , 要获得女孩 , 诚信和诚信让她印象她 , 并不要与非应用程序结婚 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法甚至允许您在飞行上修改验证规则 , 因为所有的pamaware程序都开始应用新规则 , 不需要在它们的代码中任何改变 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但是我坐在我的山里 , 巴巴比亚人仍然在他们的数千里 , 还有几个人敢敢敢于野外逃 , 知道他们肯定会死亡 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	因此 , 三分之三的长袖袖在顶部和心脏器上部 , 是一个非常好的方法 , 使全臂和上臂和上部身体的方法 , 同时也没有一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	介绍了广东电信业务支持系统的一些相关概念之后 , 重点讨论了广东电信工作流技术的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	虽然汤姆意识到 , 虽然汤姆公开在销售会议上显示不合理的要求 , 但他不能与客户的不合理的需求 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对论文的优秀机会 , 立即攻击了他们称为非法干扰和破坏的政府 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找跨越太阳的行星对帕勒和同事的技术相似 , 用月球作为镜头看地球转移太阳 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填满了这座建筑 , 是一座完美的炉子 , 门被烧毁 , 地板被烧毁 , 木基督不被烧毁 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	fcdb的个人成员常常回答这个叫做武器 , 并参与国有的宠物驱动程序 , 将各种提议放在球场上 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 如何准确地评估你正在为您的产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 而且不仅仅仅仅是在大鼠洞里挖掘进一步 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公共演讲也有益处 。 如果他成功获得他的观众的话 , 他也是一个信心的增长者和雇主 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在的地方比快速的世界更相关 , 您的工作在你的名字和ivy联赛信件之后的名字并不匹配您的黑客能力 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	这样说 , 有很多故事 , 仍然是探索和离开探索的故事 , 为了消灭只是关于阿拉斯和李国王的故事 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体制逐步建立 , 高等教育体系在改革、知识经济时代的发展 , 教育服务开放 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc已经发表的威胁应该给国际社区疑问它准备领导民主政府的准备 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	目前 , 人造监督政策已被社会接受 , 随着过去几年来它制作的明显成就 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	心理健康专业人士说 , 大多数受抑郁症患者不会得到适当的治疗 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	同时讨论了互动多模块方法 , 实现了统一和 " 目前 " 加速运动模型加速了目标建模 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:本课程教学包括医学知识、诊断、医疗技能、评价课程和测试 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	印刷行业的增长担忧 , 如果我们可以使用密度测量和控制点墨 , 或者不当考虑印刷过程控制时 , 就会引起注意力 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在杨成宝500kvehv传输线中 , 采用固定系列电容器来增加线的能量传输 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	路易斯塔尼亚和泰塔尼斯通常被认为是姐妹船 ; 他们实际属于两个独立的主人 , 但是错误是理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但是当前的h1n1流感真的真的确是这样的证据 , 人们通过流感病毒传播到猪肉、土耳其和牛肉 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	与自己的愤怒者在与格兰诺维尔竞争中 , 最多的鱼在一天记录中 , 试图从前一天开始捕获28只鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr.83岁的比尔 , 现在他儿子的30亿美元的菲律宾基金会教练 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	这并非只是开发者 , 因为burb对imo'illy的开放显示 , 提示用户的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	在上周的地震之后 , 北京仍将数千人死亡 , 中国已经在上周的地震重建了第一个蓝印刷 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文建立了一种新型的目标转换因素分析和光谱图书馆搜索的方法 , 利用irdata的定量分析方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	原因是 , 具有声音结构的知识基础 , 完成内容直接影响传播速度和专家系统的有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 液化效应极大提高液化温、催化剂量、液溶剂比 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了宋华河水系统的自然性质 , 研究冰断裂器的耐力性能 , 然后研究冰断裂器的推进性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	跨越的城市、州和联邦技术部门已经是云计划的一些机构 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是一家孩子去门户买卖的 " 昂贵的评价盒子 " 的卡 , 试图为学校项目赚钱 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	由于某些乳酸菌株制成的酸菌株 , 它们可以转化糖类长的淀粉分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济时期 , 一组生产区域和住宅单位作为一个整个社区 , 建立满足国家建设的需要 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划也满足西方的其他预订 , 为一个有效绿色刺激建筑效率和可再生能源的浓度 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 罗山是日本最著名的中国作家 " hometown " 的作者被称为日本学生的文本书 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单地讨论了敏捷方法的特点 , 并与传统软件开发方法相比 , 介绍了几种敏捷的方法mos 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%患者的症状减少 , 囊肿显著减少或消失 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统操作简单 , 快速稳定 , 维修方便 , 接口友好 , 适用于其流行化和应用 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智能分析师一致认为中国进步的速率都是经济和技术上进步的 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔法拉西亚 , 一个继承的条件 , 在世界上 , 马来利亚的许多地区 , 尤其是非洲和东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍原发脑损伤ct标志的分类 , 并探讨其诊断价值和预后价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验表明 , 该模型描述了piezocamic活动器的行为是有效的 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	在gtaw联合微结构的主导阶段和gtaw连接的低温冲击强度比smaw联合的联接更好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要中心你的孩子和孙子们的生活 , 寻找自己的社会圈子 。 这样 , 你就不会失望太多的期望 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	根据绝对数量的有效调节的有效调节的部分 , 应根据下列项目的绝对数量来确定 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公众是建立和加强政府和服务的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务服装 , 为了在圣地做服务 , 祭司的圣服装 , 以及他的儿子的服装 , 到祭司办公室的部长 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验分析了硅橡胶释放剂在室温下的表面处理时间对硅橡胶释放剂的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:对30例皮尔维生物反馈治疗和护理护理进行综述和分析 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引法 , 一个强大的内容由清晰、纯和集中的思想开始吸引你要求的非常精髓 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	为了重建心脏和心脏缺血区域的三维形象 , 从2维电子束ct中重建心脏图像 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	在前面的例子上 , 将x添加到脚本的开始和评论 , 并执行它 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究对咖啡因消费消费的食品频仪器进行评价 , 以评价咖啡因摄入和肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用集成带来了多个应用程序和信息源 , 无用户直接调用它们 , 重点关注应用程序与数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	与气候变化的国家看来 , 大多数的国家都是贫穷的:他们包括索马里亚、布里伊、尼日、尼日利亚、埃里亚、阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润现在正在达到2007年前期的峰值 , 但增长和稳定市场的差异越来越大 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	另外 , fda可以促进一个管理者回忆 , 如果机构确定一个成年或错误的婴儿的婴儿公式给人体健康带带来的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	丹龙是一名大火 , 一个令人惊叹的政治剧演员 , 他的光谱剧演员在拉拉尔举行观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行风格界面 , 许多商业软件被使用 , 是从年轻的外国手中开始的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母超级治疗是严重溃疡性结合患者的安全有效的方法 , 提高患者的组织学 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水控制的高质量技术解决方案有关 , 从任务到混合器 , 从传输到淋浴头和发送头 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构 , 提出了信息树的概念和新型的电阻测量方法 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管痛苦 , 我会努力完善我的生活 , 不会对你们的爱情感到不满意 , 我不会与你打10年的爱情 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	chteaulagoershiing法国花园的珍珠 , 由著名的阿里克力代的三个兄弟goile运行 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建课程设计的实现和管理系统 , 是实施课程设计和培训综合应用人才的前提和保障 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	阿尔巴嫩现在将导致一个挑战 , 努力赢得个人机构并保障大多数人需要批准这一交易 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在警察大学的一名演讲中 , 周扎承认 , 南非最高的谋杀率之一 , 去年有18万人死亡 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警察发现 , 920 , 000台amphetametamine桌上的船 , 中国云南省和泰国港之间的飞船 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	将军队送往中非 , 中非媒体在一场土耳其冲突中 , 是干预主义增加更糟糕的症状 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	测试结果证明 , qh4节省能源海岸设备具有显著的燃料 , 节省汽车辆和路径条件下的任何模型 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这种方法对clivus的方法很明显 , 但是可以提供广泛的曝光 , 实现双侧矩阵的方法 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三人意识到 , 战争对天战胜的关键 , 因此他们的刚性年龄变化了他们的刚性时代 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	波斯的仿真系统是基于orlando的 , 生产和制造的2000年 , 包括其实际性和鲁棒模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法的基本思路 , 为地面结构安排提供规范 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的规模远远远大 , 许多美国人认识到 , 根源品牌改革并非临时修复 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅能通过发展经济的社会财富增长 , 而且在合理收入分配的基础上 , 政府不仅会使 " 社会财富 " 的 " pi " 变得更大 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	在治疗25分钟压力压力下 , 阿帕格斯的新鲜时间达到1824天 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	相似的塑料前面和橡胶纺织是一个固定的小板 , 可是很少的按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	因为我们的团队需要用户联系到数据库并设置多个jbos容器 , 我们使用panel来促进特定信息的用户 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 在第一个光和粒子的互动中 , 这些相互作用像魔术 , " 极性分子是量子光学的pinac 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个恶王 , 克劳迪斯 , 希望在他父亲死亡和妹妹死亡的埃及和愤怒 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论我们可以通过观察病理大小片的循环边缘滤滤检查 , 操作后应该是路径检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	地面上没有捕食 , 盐马什时 , 当喷气爆炸出了一些远离普通机场的时候 , 喷气机场的声音下降了一些距离 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经历了相似的经验 , 在战争贫困和追求发展中 , 我们完全欣赏他们面临的艰难和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	用户端和服务之间的数据交换格式定义在线咖啡服务的xml模式是在清单1中显示的 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题报告说 , 一些美国媒体指责中国黑客进入五角的网络并对我们战斗机喷射的信息进行妥协调 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 南非的平均平均 , 尽管巴勒斯坦只有9.2%的人口定义为白色 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海鸡水果丰富的蛋白、脂肪和碳水化合物 , 还有各种基本维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	雇员工作满意度可分别解释公司转向注意力、工作绩效和49.38%的变化率为49.38% , 58.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	欧文支付的表现 , 年轻的演出 , 打击邮件 , 并且迫使罗伯托abbondanzieieieieri和一个美妙的负责 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	1920世纪初 , 民间化记者出现于20世纪初期 , 是政治和经济体制的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双色荧光和流动细胞分析方法对不同布局时间、血液化时间和洗涤时间进行了比较 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	飞行员对两个世界阶级的进球员罗本和影响中场乔布尔的中场领导人jt , 我们的灵感领导人jt , 信息wingerarjrobenroben和信息中场jbenjben 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	它广泛应用于汽车音频和视频、塔克机、智能计、太阳能汽车、电力工具、军事应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	杰米·威尔森说: " 只有一半小时才能帮助其他人帮助你的生活和他们的生活有真正差异 。 "
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	鉴于我们对公共卫生的责任 , 政府官员面临这样的状况 , 几乎总是总是错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在新兴市场和发展中国家在改革上加强发展中国家的代表 , 以增加发展中国家的发展中国家的代表 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	安排: " 安排 " 、 " 、 " 、 " 、 " 和 " 等 。
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对妊娠妇女流感的影响更严重 , 而且更有可能承认她们的死亡率 , 但孕妇的死亡率高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	有趣的时候 , 我的朋友 , 一些玩笑数量为了有趣的玩笑 , 只要很多航天电影只能看到一个杰德的观众 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	当我们想要安装第6届斯托霍尔霍姆大学物理学教授时 , 更多的阻力被遇到 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的安全版本很抱歉 , 但是我不认为历史上有一个单独的案例 , 在那里 , 炸弹威胁被称为 " 炸弹 " 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这可能意味着在不同的星球环境中不同成员的事情 , 米基海利比利布里诺夫说 , kgb的退休殖殖民和一个名为 " 冷战 " 的空间 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们还发现 , 男性和女性工人之间的方法几乎没有差异 , 建议在薪酬谈判期间的职业驱动女性只是 " 竞争 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	它的软件肯定有 " 北美的正确联系 " , " 丹尼尔洛说 , " 虽然我们在欧洲和亚洲有我们的联系 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然的陶瓷 , 如洪水、热带的周期 , 火龙和潮潮潮瓶都发生在这里几乎每年都有悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	soap<>cobol非xml变换可以与ibmwebsphere转换器进行消息映射来执行门户加工策略内的消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	这些形态变化在组2.结论中 , hbo结合nimipine和音乐对高铁性icvd的恢复效果很少 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际勘探方法 , 利用地震波实现了地震波的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	虽然该地区的森林有很多实用和政治困难 , 但利益可能比碳序列更好 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 一些新闻:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等 , 从传统中国的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻炼、润滑油泵喷雾、延长齿轮寿命 , 确保长期印刷色精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	青明节 " 河景 " 的著名图片也将在中国电影馆展示其出现在中国古代城市的魅力 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受的时候 , 这个知识的后果每次重新启动 , 它的权力总是直接向它的困境 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	基督徒不相信结束能仅仅证明上帝的意义 , 即使上帝的王国并不足够结束 , 才能使任何造成伤害的人 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高能量风洞试验 , 研究了一种正交形态转换和外体的超声波输入 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果溶解酶和溶解酶都能成功地解决细菌墙 , 并提取了bifidob细菌的塑料 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨乙酮的疗效和安全性 , 作为治疗帕金森尼亚病人穿刺电机流感的治疗方法 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子膨胀阀流动特性 , 应适应超热收益 , 以减少不同蒸发温下的流动率 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	1100年 , 索洛蒙给赫尔姆2万只小麦作为家庭食物的尸体 , 除了两千只婴儿 , 还有两千只橄榄油 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定在2001年以来 , 根据欧盟基础教育项目运行的基本教育项目的缺点 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef的临床疗效和毒性 , 作为当地先进乳腺癌治疗新型化疗治疗的临床疗效 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	加强医药行业的发展 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步加强医药行业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	这个jets被视为是在印度哥伦象征的动物部门 , 为了庆祝70年的独立性 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车、大型、小型飞行车、箱子车、观光总线 , 无论是私人车或公司车辆都是上海贷款 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了物理变化到触摸屏 , 触摸屏技术也在移动设备上的软件互动波中使用 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择蓝莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 草莓酱 , 菠萝酱 , 芒果酱 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行业发展面临各种挑战 , 包括纤维多样化、企业竞争在外世界和发展中国家 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	他们在氯塑膜结构、猪蛋白复杂、电子输入组件和光合作用下的内容有很大的不同 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	探讨改进型tvp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 改进f融合蛋白类型的效果 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了桩壁形状大直径圆形阵稳定性的影响 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	有些人都不相信 , 相信它还是没有 , 数百万富翁和百万富翁之间的大屠杀相对正常 , 金钱意识的人 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	前军队殖民 , 他在1969年在27岁的拉德时代被抓住了太空人口的力量 , 他总是在他的图片中恢复了国家 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	斯蒂芬·杰拉德今天拯救利物浦的德比日胜利 , 并坚持红军正在减少赢得最高四场比赛的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了防止大规模细胞培养、环境控制、防止污染技术和材料管理的一些方法 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	离开yi不知道cilia并且拖动了这种危险的主题 , 这并不好 , 请问一个与rutal变异的个人问个人来出错 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	据当地丹麦报道 , 利物浦正在唱歌布杰格年轻的nikoljkojkohlert的边缘 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	南18号法国信用农业银行沙街60号南街 , 江南社区是新鲜的作品 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	思想政治和政治工作的大学咨询员是思想与政治工作的草原指挥官和教育者 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct电流变换器是使用amter、控制电路和保护继电路的仪器转换器 , 通常有5个ampere秒 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 剩下几天 , 然后在一步的皮肤里 , 干燥水果粉红 , 公园层和绿种子都是火炬的 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声正确的方法相比 , 非线性适合中间脉冲响应函数的非线性适应方法更好 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	介绍:夏圭和母亲给了母亲的尊重他的坟墓的sb , 小郭突然落入buug洞 , 在返回10年之前 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务流程竞争中心可以为这些需要的信息提供一个中心存储库 , 并且在云中拥有它很容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	通过实验测量 , 计算结果表明 , 通过实验测量相对相同的方法 , 降低了规模模型的表面温度分布 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	作为聚合物填充剂 , 考虑聚合物填充剂作为wllastonite利用的重要方向 , 降低聚合物产品成本 , 提高产品性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	在10月两千八日 , 迈克尔·波兰在纽约时代杂志发表的总统奥巴马写了一封信 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人民、质量第一 " 是我们的网络 , 金津人民将继续创造竞争力产品 , 我们邀请您建立未来的解释 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:玉米折射器具有pelletkiln最好的侵蚀特性 , 因此它是最适合应用于此窑中最适合的 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 给我国市场带来机会 , 信贷已成为限制社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	六艘美国战舰围绕着海盗船周围 , 确保武器在火山地区不采取其他地方 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	混合性质明显显显显显显显显显显显显显示孕育异常、水果大小、水果大小和颜色如果混合人群往往遵循胎儿父母 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但即使如果重量对利益不完全回答气候变化的问题 , 这是答案的重要组成部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有新型的结构 , 具有艰难的耐用性 , 尤其适用于各种搜索卡车类型修复的适用性 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	来自西部大西部地区的刘南亚大地区 , 这些毒品是最重的婴儿单位之一 , 可用于刘南军队 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了模型的反转和噪声产生机制 , 进一步阐述了这一新概念研究的方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左颈颈颈椎切除术治疗颈椎癌和部分颈椎切除术的左颈椎切除术 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	缓慢的预期增长预计 , 联邦储备可能会推动另一轮债券购买 , 试图长期借款成本降低 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了陕西土壤水分含量及其在路基和切割坡的动态 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会称 , 六十八%的教师任命在美国大学所有教师任命的六十% 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量计、集成传感器、转换器和集成器的电磁流量 , 并介绍了该点的显示 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	光线的旅行者代表了世界贸易中心失去的二十塔 , 它只展示了很多记忆之一的9/1攻击 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应对那些犯了坟墓错误的人进行信任的重要工作 , 态度仍然是坏的 ; 他们应该拒绝他们当前的排名和稳定 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制基因pten诱导人膀胱过渡癌细胞凋亡的作用机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是bodoni , 它的领导人是普通的pica , 保卫者每天都是读者 , 因为阅读者们想到了更多关于爱迪的假日点的信息 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	qcg系列传统的运动管道运动管道运动泵用于处理清洁水或其他液体相似于物理和化学性能 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	非常规代理 , 例如药物引起波文斯班牙医疗治疗 , 与人类各种切割病相关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	介绍一种减少了减少的观察器 , 可以解决ootc法的物理实现问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	针对粗糙集理论中的连续间值属性 , 提出了一种方法 , 强调分辨率分辨率分辨率的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	中国航空防御系统在11月份展示了一个强烈的强调可部署、多功能武器和出口市场的重点 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔子病人应在安静的环境法庭中保护处理 , 可能使用垃圾分子来减少患者的痉挛、瘫痪和痛苦 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 应该nilmar到达一个替代 , 伍尔夫斯堡可能愿意降低他们的价格 , 缓解他们的增长 , 允许罗斯尼利去污染 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动周期识别的并行混合电动汽车的自适应控制策略 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	随着信任研究的现状 , 信任多文化互动和随机改变 , 检查其哲学维度 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	霍萨恩和他的同事们的长期研究表明 , 大坝特别变得极端的沉淀模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿反对苏联对后院的时候 , 美国南美政策减少了重要性 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年两个德国代理人捕获了两个这样的代码 , 英国情报局重复失败 , 声明文件揭示 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新的稳定添加剂 , 提高fcc柴油燃料的颜色变化和沉积形成 , 具有较好的效果 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	2007年第三季度 , 净收入在54亿美元上涨 , 或4% , 从net收入下跌151亿美元 , 或111美元 , 或是2007年第三季度 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	虽然英语最流行的字母语 , 但它并不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时代主席塞尔伯格星期二在新设备上评论 , 除了说 , 除了说 " 安装隧道 " 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	wfms应用范围扩展和应用程序实际上 , 工作流的动态 , 人格变成客户的急需求 , 随着wfms应用范围扩展和应用程序实现 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指部长们进入大源 , 快速从工人中间的一些污染物被用水洗去各种组件的污染物 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	麦克莱恩恩在另一方面 , 感觉更多地控制和说她的前任工作的方面 , 尤其是金钱和机会 " 石星 " 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	自从我们周末花了四十个小时的工作 , 你的健康和长寿 , 工作的地方就像有可能导致的那样有可能 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	在使用odbc时 , 这是一个冗余的实践 , 因为配置纯粹是应用程序的初始化 , 而odbc函数与数据库系统有着极大的影响 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在八年之后回到巴基斯坦 , 并且在卡拉希前几个月内幸存了自杀炸弹爆炸 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分为糖尿病 , 给了一半的安慰剂 , 延长的肾素 , 一种药物在血液中提高hdl水平 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	好吧 , 你可以伸展它 , 说一个工程的例子来改善人类健康的例子 , 从一个地方到另一个地方 , 但这比我要做的更多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者星期一决定在星期一发言 , 亚洲和欧洲债券上涨 , 道琼6.76点 , 或5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是我发现的星球配置的一个线图图 , 您更好地做到这么伟大的环境检查 , 或者很容易结束燃烧的sc 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 佛教思想的研究比其他人更少 , 尤其是大成秦陵的内容和意义的研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的规定 , 由sarbanesoxley行动鼓励美国的sarbanesoxley行动 , 其他措施设计清理企业行动将是spur 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	您可以嵌入媒体来更好地说明一个主题 , 提供关于自己建立信用性的信息 , 并与其他人协作改善你的knol的时间 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	介绍mvc2的创新思想 , 以及基于mvc2的访问控制管理系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	斯蒂尔接下来宣布 , 利比亚的评论是最终的和丑陋的 , 尽管问题史蒂尔的能力导致党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更有可能涉及城市娱乐中心 , 蒸汽黑客 , 或者在公共池或一个消防液体转变了泉水 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	利用这些参考 , 中国应完成教育投资体系 , 给予基本教育、加强教育机构等优先发展 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它袭击了岛屿 , 杀死了两名民兵和两名民事人 , 因为南方忽略警告 , 警告不要在岛上纠纷水 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:实现创意思想的能力 , 基于整个策略实现创意思想 , 我们可以通过用户经验优化实现最好的结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 在超级机器人战争中 , 作曲家肯诺克·苏里亚也被认为是 " 法律行动 " 的报告 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着我国的战略和领导产业的战略和领导 , 高科技产业吸引了很多fdi , 逐渐成为我国高科技产业的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季度 , 阿罗说 , 自己的成员大约36%独特的访问者在网站网站的网络上 , 但创造了80%的页面观点 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但是最终我们决定把它跳到巴克哈尔 , 沿着我们的旅游者安杰和加入 , 他也在探索城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	改变加利福尼亚的宪法 , 直到48小时后 , 物理学家通知小鼠的父母或法律卫生 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	早期种子的大多数胚胎可能是由于非正常内皮核分裂而发展的全球胚胎相位 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理管理管理教育应该教授专业知识 , 使独立思维和培养生命学习习习习的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总战争发动机将成为我们最新的发展的基础 , 并介绍了全球3d海军战争的第一次 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生们将能够使用这些课程中学习相关材料的知识和方法 , 并在未来遇到法律问题时找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论在冠状皮下 , 治疗大鼠骨髓病理和机械因素引起的骨髓病变满意度 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	政治家们在原始时总是讨论人口崩溃 , 奥巴马先生实际上承诺自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	wiii的模式与其它地方相同的设计相同 , 对于某些原因有限于一个颜色和三种样式选择的发型选项 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律集体禁止权利时 , 完全运动权利 , 才能有效地保护自己的工作权利和利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	奥巴马总统同样的峰会上 , 奥巴马总统提出了强烈的流动 , 但是他面对国内反对的小物质 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿在2008年民主选举中回来了几次 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践表明 , 希望完成、物质勘探和未形成今天的外部戏剧现状 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	所有真正平衡的平衡输入信号将通过完全平衡 , 直到达到平衡头输出连接器 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为一个 " 伊萨 " 的 " 世界大权力和各种政治 , 美国认识到中亚是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	英国哥伦比亚大学的最常见的人是gregorkiciczals , 目前在英国哥伦比亚大学工作 , 他在那里工作软件模块研究 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型的帮助可能有足够的工作培训工作、方向、运输或其他支持 , 以保持自己或她的雇员 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	这里有一个场景 , 苏金终于去了她的房子 , 终于把所有的东西包装到邮箱里 , 然后把钥匙丢进邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	利用有限元法分析外界环境对电导混凝土或雪熔化系统的影响 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp经理们说 , 他们经常听到 " 反对者命令 " 这样 , " 反对华盛顿短缺 , 为美国总统 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2美国认识到国际机构、外国政府及其它代表员工和他们的家庭成员 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 客户签署的相关进口声明形式 , 应当提交外汇购买的任何购买 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	本文以板材和壳壳的经典理论分析方法为基础 , 采用两元有限反应产量条件 , 作为材料的产量标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	中国与马来西亚和新加坡保持良好的经济和贸易关系 , 三国的贸易伙伴都是互相的重要贸易伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	对于偶尔来说 , 本月的列为ibm支持者提供了更深入的描述 , 包括最新的特征 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1种可靠的cap岩条件可以直接阻止甲烷分散和直接限制甲烷脱矿 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的图片显示 , 几十个孩子们在jiakai体育厅里玩坏dminton , 装备了一个空调化系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	图5说明了一个脉冲宽度生成器的例子 , 两个替换延迟路径的例子 , 根据目前发明的另一个实例 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一家街道破坏合资铁路和传统法院院院院东部建立的公寓 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国民族组合投票回到新西兰的16名马里斯的博物馆的博物馆总部 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国喜欢建立和平建设委员会 , 协调和平、后冲突重建和平、发展的努力 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系 , 劳动法是劳动关系调整劳动关系的主体法律 , 应该是劳动关系的特殊性 , 劳动关系狭窄 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师这样做 , 他们将创造一个日本产品 , " 西奥斯基解释说 , 他总是帕纳森尼的海外运作 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	安古豆素提供了许多水果和蔬菜的黑色颜色 , 比如蓝莓和红椒 , 他们是黑米 " 黑米 " 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站说 , " 几乎地震导致了崩溃的墙壁 , 飞行玻璃和下降物体 。 "
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部大规模的景观范围主要由平原和高原组成 ; 麦当尼尔中心附近的马克隆隆隆隆隆隆隆隆隆隆隆 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的按钮 , 微型计算机锁定其它地板门 , 并设置回收容器转向右键盒 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	干旱的早期水稻对干燥类型的成熟度很严重 , 其强度和时间超过正常年类型 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	大酒店拥有荣幸与jojojoykmisra先生、高级副总裁、销售和销售销售销售商标记录和宫殿见面 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国高兴宣布 , 与党比利亚比尔德和阿德姆·卢杰克加入俱乐部的球员达成协议 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我走过发展中国家时 , 问自己是经济性能最大的解释 , 经济性能的多样性 , 它落在这个领域 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前已完成了多个项目外震框架 , 但对于此类框架的设计方法还没有研究 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是夏季冬季和冷却 , 由气体直接燃烧锂吸收式气体吸收式冷却器实现 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	身体位置我结束了 , 随着网球在我的拉克和足球之间的网球跟你们的接触点非常相似 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	用扫描电子显微镜实现l929细胞和生物兼容观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚大学的精神意味着不同时期不同的意义 , 但秦明的发展中华文化的诺贝mba总是在其中 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	陶瓷是细胞膜中发现的脂肪类型 , 而且它们也作为身体压力响应的信号 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司已经建立其现金水平到60.9亿美元 , 包括股票和其他投资 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据报道 , 8月份 , 政治家和公众的官方工作失业率将上升到9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例手术中最后病理诊断的手术前针呼吸生物检查结果进行比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然几何形态的景观 , 利用人类作为旅游资源 , 我们称作旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角色:它转变绿色 , 因为soda水含有碱性 , 如soda水转化成绿色 , 被称为碱性物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着舞蹈的发展和社会的开放 , 永久剧院在唐代和永久剧院变得更频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是脚板类型结构 , 它舒适 , 方便 , 可以明显减少骑手的劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食物变得很容易引起全面的感觉 , 通常影响饭 , 满足医疗吸收的东西 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他从温州到9月21日回到美国 , 在债务中留下15亿元 , 中国银行和个人债券 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心说 , 地震震测量了3.8 , 位于丰富的大约80公里南部的悉尼西南部 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于推出时 , 他的bbbbednis和abdomdomal组织被从他的身体里爬上来 , 他死了很短的时候 , 就死了 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属框架复合材料 " 广泛应用于石油、化学、药、食品、储存和运输等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求编程工具设置的阶段应该适用于标准程序的标准程序标准程序的标准程序 , 以提供程序tools设置 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	本课程要求基本问题如何是自然量化的电荷 ? 为什么我们找不到一个孤立的磁北极或南极 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 6月7日 , 巴拉特亚湾深水水域溢出的一池石油 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论白细胞cd18水平和mpo增加 , 大鼠岛重复损伤中白细胞数量减少 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计将在阿富汗警察训练任务中获得150个支持 , 进一步从150个来自中海国家 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持omc的实现是欧盟现实选择 , 尽管欧盟不足以帮助欧盟实现健康保健整合的终点 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文由五章组成:第一章和两章介绍vor的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们的背上 , 有限时间限 , 为什么我们能看到的时候 , 所有的神秘保留了 , 从巴西哥的ramparsila的rampar到了那里 ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	由于rgs进入10年 , 大约有10个高产、高品质水稻品种 , 带来了巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查标准的广告 , 在印刷和网上都会看到什么可用的 , 以及在一个特别邻居中 , 获得最早版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	在一个独特的航空实验中 , 最近170个seatboing727被制造为一个遥远的墨西哥的索诺兰沙漠 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我告诉司法官非常开始试验 , 我们通常必须在日常生活中跳出结论结论 , 因为这项试验的目的 , 现在悬挂了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	这实际上 , 我描述的是我在这里的平衡 , 涉及到意义上的平衡 , 它是通过parlalalalalalalalticre设计的 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了fog成像多分散模型 , 并提出了基于fog含水量测量算法的fog含量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	利用良好的育种和遗传系统 , 作为一个完全国内外的昆虫 , 被认为是一种理想的模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机回到500英尺的1500英尺的飞机上 , 修改我的飞机速度 , 为了在飞机中心 , 我离开500英尺的500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者不要做出什麽决策 , 比如液化他们的低危政府债券 , 为了缓解绿色纸币的费用 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的青年里 , 律师kssenich通常与他父亲在政治和宗教上发誓 , 但他也承认他爸爸的承诺帮助贫穷和家乡无家 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果和大多数的性能 , 城市也可以从10人中获得心 , 甚至有10人 , 直到第二个进球 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该叫这些iphone类似的 , 触摸屏屏幕电话 , 音乐和视频 , 真正的web浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 传感器 , 上面 , 上面 , 苹果店 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果自动旋转km-5000d微震机系统包括三个部分:微切系统、双电子动力装置和控制面板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方作品的印象 , 盖茨基金会决定采用预防和出口模式 , 并在12个省复制它 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管美国错误 , 英国在本月早些时候将加入aib.法国、德国和意大利快速遵循 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	但另一方面 , 随着国内外贸易和产业贸易的增加 , 多国公司带来了积极的影响 , fdi对贸易产生了积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动图表将展示投资者如何在购买更多微软选项的风险暴露 , 或者持有少数中国股票 , 或者短期油价 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和他们的病人一直担心由于新英格兰医学报告的心血管安全性 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	一些昆虫物种包括啤酒和卡塔耶ids活跃地被袭击时 , 但采取这些极端措施的利益并不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民事应用中的广泛应用 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 给出了灰色、灰色水泥和混凝土厚度 , 最后的厚度将准确计算 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	星期二 , 能源价格很容易 , 每桶134.01美元 , 汽油价格为4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	尽管它的主人缺乏所有六个要求的许可证 , 但它在国有财产全面视图上运行 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国人民来说 , 他们希望找到从我们能学到的那些国家的东西 , 同时我们可能会受到潜在的困扰或歧视 , 或是我们可能得到奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州长在6月第三日宣布 , 六月的父亲节第三星期三 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	世界上领导的国际卫生组织报告称 , 加快联合行动的发展和认可高效疟疾疫苗的开发和许可 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面对南方捕捉最好的观点 , 并且在下面2.5米以防止玻璃进入房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	在这个时尚设计你的线程安全类 , 允许它在多线程应用程序中使用 , 作为非线程安全类 , 但具有更高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	1979年至199年 , 美国生产力越来越广泛 , 从1979年到1990年 , 美国生产力增长了1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是研究人员建议 , 如果减弱趋势持续 , 即使在夏季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季季风势更加严重 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 本文以南海河再生转变为例 , 分析了该研究背景和课程的经验 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气通过传统真空注射器全部通过工作过程中 , 所以它的大型压缩空气消耗高 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	霍伊尔先生担任布什政府赤字的民主党人民主党人 , 继承预算继承 , 但留下了赤字的办公室 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了在公共互联网上出现的sparql端点外 , 其他人出现在火墙后面 , 以便易于交叉索引企业数据 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据《时报》报道 , 布莱尔的妻子切丽·布莱尔在20年中期 , 她是一名旅行律师 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	战斗者从未出现形状或是在距离战争中跑出的气体 , 但两者往往往往往会面临一半的12周围的一半 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	此结果可以通过数值和图形在开发的软件中显示 , 使得它直接看到的软件 , 另外 , 工作界面容易使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	您现在可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员验证 , 以使用您的管理员用户 , 留下wps服务器id只使用服务器进程 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvclike模型作为一个例子 , 但是可以应用丰富的web应用程序背景的基本原理和页面设计方法 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能导致比赛日收入平均 , 同时 , 许多俱乐部持续上涨 , 或减少票价格 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视台上 , 一位新闻记者表示 , 副总统在历史上拥有最大的竞选战争支持 , 因此 , 奥德森最喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的双向性能 , 设计了一种双向高精度高温控制器 , 具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	虽然福特公司是美国去年最好销售汽车的数字之一 , 但在2010年最高的十名单中有六个外国人拥有的模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 一个愚蠢的民间不开放卵子或者在释放卵子和汗液后 , 形成卵巢囊肿 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们并不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们比如其他公司一样竞争 , " 公平场 " , 康恩最近在网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	他面对法国的一项调查 , 他在2003年性感袭击了2003年的年轻小说家 , 以及纽约的民事适合纽约的民事诉讼 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适性最好 , 凝结的风险比填充银板运行时的风险更低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的是 , 他和他的妻子每个月收到约600元 ; 在忙碌的时候 , 当生产跑到2点 , 他们可以回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和吸引的几个词汇 , 信心 , 爱 , 爱 , 抱怨 , 只要你在他们身上行动 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论在尼日利亚人被逮捕在北航空公司飞行界的小爆炸 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队试图在过去的 " 偶像 " 风格选择展示 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们认为他们是非常相似的事情 , " erik说 , 28岁的助理教授 , 指数学和艺术 , " 他们都是创意的过程 。
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的举措提高了预算和税收政策的反对成员 , 他可能试图展示反对党成员 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一家高级公司发给我一个/c的样本 , 我不喜欢样本 , 然后我将样本发送到a/c的样本 , 然后他用a/c发送样本 , 现在我们做了很好的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	为了研究小儿rti和血锌的关系 , 对35例rti患者的血锌值进行比较 , 对40例无rti患者的血锌值进行了比较 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择它之后 , 主题将会发现银柱: " 碎腿 , 我可以躺在床上 , 看电视 , 无故意 。
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文利用宁波作为对象 , 详细的研究和探索目前科技资源现状和技术资源的现状 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	在交通事故损失的地方 , 非电机车辆驾驶员或行业人员 , 运动车辆的驱动不能承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金包含者 " 项目 , 因此政府将购买新的车辆替代旧能源工程不足的车辆 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	本文讨论了双共振振振荡的阈值条件 , 当信号光吸收系数不同时 , 信号光的吸收系数不同 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人参观一个外国 , 甚至访问香港 , 部分国家 , 很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	2007年8月15日 , 委内瑞拉总统胡戈·查兹在卡卡萨斯州国家组装建的总统建筑之外 , 支持者准备了巨大的不可逆的数字 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	通过计算机仿真方法测定了agwww电接触材料的耐电性和耐电性的影响 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰和美学的传统规定 , 具有精确的对称出现和对称出现 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	路透社从洛杉矶到华盛顿 , 作为反war抗议者阻止了主要的交通 , 有些链接自己一起 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为一个由多个计算机组成的下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它交换命令和数据采集系统的数据采集系统 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的请求越来越关键于微波传输设备的性能 , 包括编译器 , 分割器 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	在徐子的历史观看中 , 圣与道之间的关系不仅具有逻辑一致性 , 而且具有丰富的多样性关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许芝加与客户所要求的颜色发送香蕉 , 这些颜色会在九点尺寸从绿色到深黄色 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在这里 , 在一个网站上 , 意味着加工花费核燃料棒 , 一个不常用的纺织厂设立了商店 , 以服务自动建筑业 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	同时还阐述了一种高度生殖能力的高度 , tcb是一种非侵入性、简单、易于监测和筛选设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	数千英尺的地下 , 晶体的洞穴只是壳华沙漠下面的一系列闪电洞之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	库普克文化表演主要表现在战胜比赛中场比赛中场比赛的比赛中场比赛中场比赛中场比赛中场比赛中场的比赛中场比赛只有36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	由于最小侵入手术仍然是 " 主要 " 手术 , 所有的普通并发症例如心脏病、卒中甚至死亡很少 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	京江 , 深兴县在明清初期 , 是新南艺术学校的一位首领导人 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了纳米胶囊材料的智能化热调节原理 , 建立了理想的热吸热模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理、正确、建立我们目标的最佳产品 , 满足客户的质量流程 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山金矿是我国第一个艰难的岩石矿 , 采用机械上升的水平板填充方法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	数据库表中的所有值都是通过用户提供的同一个密码 , 同样加密算法 , 同样的加密算法和相同的密码模式 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	拍摄这部电影 , 由比尔伯龙美国特色的8个世界级的外国人 , 8个外国人 , 总有1个万纳贝和一只猪肉的珠子 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	逆向拱形弯曲曲形式的逆向拱形弯曲 , 轻微地传递 , 连续玻璃包装和容易围绕...
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	本文叙述了宝石家庭电器的制冷钢的进展 , 提出了生产质量、品种和问题 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	自由主义 , 二十世纪早期运动 , 拒绝整个机构 , 试图通过强调机器和电影来解决当代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	前任劳动部长说: " 劳动合同制度离开了许多问题 , " 第五条要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同有效时间提供有效的合同 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品、个人数字协助、观看钟、各种仪器、办公机、电脑、汽车玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它的原始意义是 , 狐狸借着老虎的肥胖 , 它的意义是通过一些人对其他动物的影响来燃烧人们的影响 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马高血压大鼠复合医学的心保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	例如 , 建立的水电工程通常是为铝电解厂提供大量的电化工程 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	它是用来吸烟烟烟叶和烟草暴露的木材类型 , 使烟草的烟雾暴露使烟草留下了独特的香味 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们集中在基于多级分区策略的指标设计和搜索者的基础上 , 提出了一种新的指标分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨大鼠运动对大脑功能活动的影响 , 比较血流改变前后的rpd恢复 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	提出了多变量预测聚合信号自调控制回收算法的稳定性和全局收敛性分析 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种制造平板热管的方法 , 包括以下步骤:提供上盖板和下盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	那座庙的主要建筑物是大厦、超级大厅、钟塔、脚本离子 " 夜铃 " , 第一层maple河的地面 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于沥青混凝土材料温度依赖于自然 , 测量反射 , 因此与温度变化的结构能力 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年吴丽在国内和国际地位的战略目标和角色作为人口合理尺寸的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	采用氨基合成气相反 , 可以直接制备脂肪镍的催化氢 , 用氨基合成气相替纯氢 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	另外 , 学者认为:itch基本意识到 , 边界感觉体验与浅层皮肤剪辑产生的边界感觉体验 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 该系统可以使用软件或硬件处理紧急事件 , 例如给出异常、电源、停止电荷、停止放电、停止放电等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是适应经济的重要手段 , 税收制度和税收行政的安排能大大大影响非稳定企业发展的重要手段 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	如果利比昂被严重的话 , 最顶端将在大气中烧起来 , 底部将会输给地面的 " 和一张纸的力量 " 的力量 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	德国核反应堆终于关闭的时候 , 这个示威日期是因为德国核反应堆最终会关闭的 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	应用隐喻理论、家庭道德体系和当代美国政治学研究总统演讲的两个意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	内部人指出 , 两家公司现在将在更低的利润销售 , 期望市场份额 , 并依靠高利润游戏的应用来获得利益 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 邓国 , 世界上最快的疾病负担之一 , 今天报道了很多地区的病例 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫菲利亚社区的调查显示 , 约有70%的关心在于他们的时期的时期 , 没有发表gp , 一个600名妇女的调查显示 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会遇到将xml数据转换为xhtml的任务转换为xhtml传递吸引力、互动和可用的接口用于移动用户和各种浏览器 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	正确的顾问可以帮助你建立一个固定的基金会 , 同时你打开你的门后 , 就会让你在你打开你的门口 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢给你提供奥运会 , " 奥运会 " 将下一代人类航天飞行员描述为 " 蒸汽工程师 " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	进入wee小时完全失败工作平衡 , 导致你失去爱人的时间 , 而且往往往不超过爱人 , 导致你失去早期睡眠 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在库尔德传奇中 , 假日庆祝库尔德的交流 , 看作是库尔德原因的另一途径 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	首先 , 旅客们可以直接为同样的价格 , 作为一个自由的玻璃 , 教练乘客支付6美元的通道消费者 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动力比越来越昂贵的地方 , 为什么我们不能在那些廉价的国家制造出努力 。
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选择适宜的加强方法 , 比较各种加强方案 , 如注射根桩、非滑桩、锚杆等 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是 , 他的辞职可能是接受的 , 但没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫官员告诉金融时报告说 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文综合应用多尺寸小波分解和san操作符合图像处理中 , 然后快速获取特征点的位置 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	一个 " 坏苹果 " 可以传播负面行为 , 比如病毒带来办公室友或摧毁良好的团队 , 根据一项新的研究 , 考试冲突 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 这是关于产品开发能力的一切 , " 日本第三个社会网络运营商的首席执行官yoshikazzu谭纳卡aaka说 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还发出了《孤儿》的照片 , 并告诉我关于职业生涯者或 " 妈妈 " 的照片 , 他们称之为 " 大多数年轻的海地女性和家庭的家庭 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	在这里 , 我希望警告所有的亲戚和人们密切地告诉我 , 这些服务将会使用所有的方法来阻止并试图杀死和液体杀死我 , 社交或专业的 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	然而 , 很快关注雨林的问题 , 比如气候变化和有机农业 , 现在阿马逊在1980年代消失了相同的速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	该公司表示 , 能够提高这种大圆 , 因为可编程逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利的部门 , 占65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第14条政府可能要求通信企业采取必要的紧急措施 , 为自然灾害事件或紧急事件提供必要的紧急措施 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他集中关注公司已经允许用户通过音乐播放器应用程序和类似的 , 其中许多来自第三方开发者 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生找到了一位劳动员工作 , 他的妻子拿了一份工作 , 看着家里两个孩子 , 女儿和他们的年轻儿刘洁俊 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	联合国大学刘易斯特·科伦塞尔表示 , 他负责接受战争纪念碑捐给博物馆捐赠的战争纪念碑 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	使用一个全球文件来更新意味着头痛 , 只要记住在您添加或删除用户时 , 就会更新它 , 然后将它推出到所有的框中 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	根据我们的关键字来说 , 我们买了几个关键字的url , 因为任何地方从100到400美元到400美元 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论海关管理客户如何从websphere环境中获得信息 , 但如何将信息推向监控工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	本文重点建立合理的数据结构和实现固体建模的基本功能 , 如旋转、zoom、parn和部分视图等 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	菲利斯戒指81岁的福特·科罗拉多在丹佛投资足球场的最后一个地区看到了她的轮椅演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	伍尔夫拉姆的一个发展特别激动 , 使用伍尔夫拉法的能力理解和计算自然语言查询来创建数学程序 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一个年轻的婚姻女士在一个孤立的农场和她的技能生长的花朵上工作的年轻人 , 一天 , 她突然感觉到很渴望与她沟通 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者预计在工作文化、接触、编写应用和学习专业协会上花费6090分钟的60分钟 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经移动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军船和一艘船舶的检索运行员称 , 工作人员在120英里的半径中运行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	卡卡卡卡卡萨斯 , 委内瑞拉 , 星期一在东部的51人死亡 , 官员称 , 至少14人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	全国的一名断裂者揭示 , 政府正在寻求7590名中国50名50名美国人 , 4020名马来西亚人和3470名英国人 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好看看上去 , 一个女人在科罗拉多丹佛商学院学习的机会被认为是 " 男人 " 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安德里亚·皮尔洛早期被防守墙的自由基 , 而克莱斯的教育人员和克拉斯都有半机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京的第一个记录是北京发现的第一个记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	世界卫星期日报道 , 英国王子威廉将于2012年在伦敦奥运会举行长期的女友凯特·米德尔顿举行 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件设置使用inots6.ntf模板时 , 它继承这个模板中的所有设计元素 , 并且继承共享形式文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 用两步法制备的phenolic塑料大多是用htma制备的htma制备的htma来释放氨基亚 , 这将导致铜或铜部件腐蚀 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是 , 特别是在石油上高度依赖于火山上 , 包括渔业阶段 , 饮食阶段--------------------------------------------------------------
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	" 政府表示 , 所有的东西都是好的 , " 圣彼得堡的首席候选人阿莱克斯桑德拉·威纳说 。
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们发现 , 没有药物的类已经消失了 , " a线规划局长阿普罗的反咖啡药物部长说 , " 这并不仅是主要药物 。
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	cb2的神经细胞生物瘤生物瘤tr6和saccharcharchomycescesreviecb2与ergostine内容有良好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试完成率 , 我们综述了2008年1月和2009年2月艾滋病毒的所有病人记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	中国的精确犯罪是数百万名移民工 , 他们在乡村的官方地址留下了官方地址的困难任务 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳市铁路车辆通信控制系统 , 提出了trb模式实际运行的实现原则和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	改进的malachite绿色方法利用无机磷化合物 , 形成稳定的绿色绿色染色 , 具有稳定的有机磷酸盐 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	学校委员会的总长达80页纸 , 120多名医生决定是平原主义 , 三分之二没有指出生物学 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	昨天 , 澳大利亚和美国科学家昨天在报告中发现 , 年轻的爸爸、澳大利亚和美国科学家们在一份报告中发现 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	应用wmtc测试周期和ftp、ece排放测试周期的危险特性 , 研究了wmtc测试周期的危险特性及其差异 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	女性叙事的原始是女性叙事的 , 由作家的性别决定的女性叙事 , 并证明女性解剖肿瘤家 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁防污设备的机制、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一种来源 , 我们可以发现从巴西安东个人生活经验、宗教情感和对外文学的影响 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的放射图检查显示 , 在4周之后 , 谷歌观察显示了两组新骨痕迹的大量 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	沃尔兰哈德里尔说: " 所有的狐狸都从拉里斯和所有的橡胶扔下了切尔积累和复合物 , 就像在一个秘密的坦克里那样 。 "
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	设计了50个小说生物反应堆名为fus50l , 并根据所提出的原理开发了数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	通过对2007年版本的营养数据系统进行分析 , 用糖尿病监测 , 并通过测量回收猪肉的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scapio伙伴关系数据 , 其他通用银行的股票收益率只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据popsugar报道 , 我们将于星期日在奥斯卡举行约翰市长和詹妮弗·安妮弗·安妮弗·安妮弗·安妮弗在奥斯卡斯卡举行一起走红色地毯 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后提出了相应的交流趋势 , 高下文通信和低文本通信 , 对解释活动的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和克洛在sonata中得到了相等的角色 , 18世纪的钢琴索纳塔格式与仪器奥巴利塔相伴 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	他在传统共和党中赢得了选举 , 成功成为活动主义者 , 进步总统 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	koller受到印象的印象 , 尽管在眼睛操作和两个月后 , 首先试图出来 , 第一次动物 , 然后他自己的眼睛完全成功 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价糖尿病肺病p300的诊断价值 , 方法在50种糖尿病患者和30例健康控制组 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 这些障碍的影子们每天晚上都有很多关心每一次旅游的照片 , 就像在宫殿墙上的一个法庭美丽 。
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过对非封闭载体的基本特点分析 , 讨论了其识别和其对海上索赔的责任性及其在货物上的限制 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和我的第二个兄弟去阿华达 , 一些热情的朋友通过印刷和发布它 , 给我一份版本 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当一家企业提交企业收入税收回时 , 金融声明和其他相关资料应依照相关规定附加 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些结果表明 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是某些先天性畸形的重要领域因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几项研究表明 , 低和中级执行官表现出许多应激症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、张力、烧伤等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡肉和棕色水稻干燥猫和厨房食物只有五个纯纯和简单成分 , 满足你特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	本片提名了柏林金19999年颁奖 , 但却缺乏 " 美国优秀电影 " 和强大的实力最终导演 " 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型具有较高的预测技能 , 实现了可实现的方法预测短期气候 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	抗war地球威尔带来了数千个反对示威者 , 包括2000人在密西西比州的国务院收集的国务员 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省级质量控制和检查中心位于工厂以质量检查和承包省轴承产品的任务 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	在埃及hierglyphs寺和rams的寺庙里 , 全文的处理文本都是在埃及的埃及hinoglyphs寺中发表的 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据wanjajiagou水库的弹道坝设计 , 阐述了一种特殊的问题和解决弹道坝在设计和施工中的解决方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	室内测试的大坝材料的可信动态参数是地球大坝动态分析精度的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验 , 如果android市场是苹果商店的独特替代 , 或者探索许多特性和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	本文研究了两缸同步和准确方程的液压系统 , 并设计了同步系统 , 满足要求的同步系统 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数年增长率仍然不变于负债23.9% , 前几周的数字重新从负债24.1%升高 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、线、丝、毛、现金、合成纤维、混合、服装、婴儿等类型服装和清洗 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间尺寸数据的多规模空间时空数据访问的组织框架 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索和解决adsl线故障时 , 用户访问网络时 , 我们介绍了一种adsl故障检测ing仪器的adsl故障 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	在快速交流过程平衡之后 , 通过差异动力学方程来处理缓慢交流过程 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	地形是由先进空间空间空间排放和反射辐射器收集的数字排放数据收集的 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种关闭式环境风引导设备的电厂空气冷却岛 , 属于能源电力技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	河湖是一种古老的援助 , 可以循环必要的基金 , 它总是组织在金钱和邻居之间 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨改善肿瘤血管切除术中的手术指标、手术方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在根据指导下 , 著名的燃料专利火焰制造公司雇佣了人才机械和工程师 , 继续创新燃料开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	这个19岁的阿罗德是他在20个队伍下的常规 , 是利物浦第二个字符串的重要演员 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	树木不断扩展 , 所有的颜色都离开 , 灰色的绿色和褐色 , 与天空融合到一个遥远的绿色没有什么东西 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	2008年夏季奥运会在北京和周围地区建立的大型运动设施之一 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是khan先生被打击平等的冲击击击击击击击击中 , 新的hmmmers通过无尽的鲨鱼城市破坏 , 而且成长的军事政治 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国的食品安全分析单位和数字警告项目称 , 南索马里南部的消息显示 , 南部索马利亚的消息更糟糕 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	减少eobjct的脚印实现也是值得注意的 , 一些客户使用它实现60%的脚印减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc说 , 法国阿尔卑斯的冰川人在过去四十年里失去了四分之一的地区 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样、统计意义和统计意义将帮助你理解什么可能 , 更好地理解结果意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国王子 , 皇帝威廉的儿子威廉 , 他命令军队在维登战斗中 , 并宣布我接近世界大战的冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	web页面必须在基于b/s模型的桥梁卫生监测系统中显示大量实时数据 , 结果频繁更新页面 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新网站混凝土曝光表面 , 随着塑料和保温材料覆盖 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在我国当地的9/2/02/2文章中 , 肯尼德里德的报纸中有一篇文章 , 引用了 " 医生关闭门口的销售员 " 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们的前锋迈克尔·福塞尔提醒我们 , 他能在打开赛季的第四分之内做什么 , 布鲁斯很高兴把他带回伯明翰线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	新闻采用先进的二向卡路阀系统和进口的电泵泵技术实现双闭环控制压力和流速控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了基于mcgs配置软件和siemens7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的控制系统的设计和配置过程 。
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素部分的胰岛素分泌是一种复杂的过程 , 如果不能正确地诱导糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	灵林山大佛在岭岭岭山大山 , 江苏省小岭山区 , 大陆佛山 , 吴溪 , 江苏省 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这就是为什么我选择 " 美国公民教育 " 作为研究领域的 " 公民教育 , 两者都采用文学聚集和比较 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节 , 米米米米亚热和达维亚瓦德将采取克莱维兰队员和莱布伦詹姆斯在联赛中最好的两名年轻球员的比赛 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这是为什么web设计师 , 他们的密切的cocoins , 班纳 , 总部和四家设计师 , 可以收到50美元的好页面头 , 更多的完整设置 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	文章通过对缺震技术的研究 , 提出了解决问题和解决问题的参考 , 并提供了在武术中应用的语音技术 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 人力资本的价值主要来自会计视角测量 , 管理人力资本的评价很少 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文提出的算法 , 将信任区域方法与限制简单的分解算法解决了rsd的主要问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	葡萄牙是烹饪岛屿 , 或者太平洋岛屿都是全球变暖威胁的 。 它们在快速衰退 , 很快就不会消失 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳电子技术有限公司是一家专业led制造商r&d、生产、销售和服务于2006年建立的专业领先产品 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥·费德德德德将在英国体育场遭遇后 , 将导致中场访问老交通 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	1887年 , 范戈格在巴黎拍摄了 " 草地 " , 并且它挂在克罗尔梅尔博物馆的荷兰东部城市 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目的是确定15例超重男性葡萄糖的急性咖啡、氯酸和三氯胺对糖毒性的影响 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际观点来看 , 消费者价值人口福利 , 因此更好的市场访问可以通过生产商确保好的福利 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	格林斯班牙先生保持中国和其他因素在全球范围内的发展 , 不仅在美国贡献到一个世界范围内的房地产 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	本文以工业集群分析为基础 , 定义了工业集群的新型空间经济方式 , 不同于市场和层次系统 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 把她的甜蜜折叠起来 , 滑进湖底的瓶子里:那么愚蠢的 , 我最亲爱的 , 你的 , 你的 , 你的 , 你的 , 你的 , 你的 , 和我在我身边 , 走进了我的身边 , 就失去了 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 查尔先生的移动将会增加奥巴马先生通过国会获得国内代表的机会 , 并提高他在法庭中自由的能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年新兰向我看到一张纸灯制造商 , 同样的事情发生在最近一轮南京的儒家寺里 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	这些美丽的承诺 , 那些对照片上的甜美笑容 , 这就像阳光那样温暖 , 在我右手中慢慢慢冻结曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先反向是一种以下优先任务阻止的现象 , 因为它们使用相同的分享源在实时系统中使用相同的共享源 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型计算了由计算机数控控制和位置跟踪误差误差计算机的工具位置点计算机数控和位置跟踪误差 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	利用废弃开挖材料和整体建筑站分配 , 实现狭窄区域的理性布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强实践教学 , 注重学生文化的思想和创新能力 , 使学生文化的创新能力得到明显的成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度变化严重影响了全天然海周期流动 , 影响热带传热模式的影响 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福志的解释毫无疑问 , 张子子从天和地球的小瑜伽来自儒家人类关注 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些更大的浓度对蓝钛的不幸副作用高度挥发和爆炸 , 使晶体极其危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司手工图像处理其他婚礼摄影师 , 同时也教他们使用光室2 , 这样他们可以节省时间和加工更小的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了punie混合物组织培养及dna变化种子的dna水平 , 并讨论了组织产生的组织培养条件 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	它的大学成立于575年 , 是研究理论、科学和医学的研究中心 。 人口04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	我临床试验表明 , 米夫210在健康志愿者有很好的口服生物可用性 , 实现高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	用30种不同类型的水稻品种和混合物 , 研究了主要作物和rato作物产量的相关关系 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用中心理论和正常形式分析了地图的局部编码量两个分布 , 并分析了相关的hopitchfork案例 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	银行员工涉及印尼西亚海啸恢复说 , 政府计划 , 社区基础重建是自然灾害反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 马西安的父亲 , 马西安说 , 一个斗争的农民和树林生长在繁忙的城市中使用 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用index或主要键字段来选择q应用程序的关键列 , 使用q应用程序使用识别复制行和正确的顺序事务 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	但是 , 伟大的灵魂使我难以置信 , 阿阿阿雅雅纳 , 向我发誓的服务 , 让我知道我知道所有创造的原因都是不可避免的 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能源机构宣布日本第三个植物添加了第三个植物 , 因为辐射被检测到墙外 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出 " 现状 " , 不仅想到明明市晚期发展的重要阶段 , 也是其理论基础的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	雅多夫chomsky指出 , 气体供应的多样化也增加 , 这将使天然气出口的实现变得更灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统的安装方便 , 但由于有限的能力 , 但不能满足大规模泡沫项目的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	弗格森不要让明星球员力量移动 , 弗格森提醒罗尼老板在加拿大学习 , 罗伊·凯恩和大卫贝克汉姆学习 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	约翰f.罗伯特·肯尼迪在1969年结束的故事结束时 , 爱迪现在看到的地方 , 肯尼迪将他们当作深刻的完整性 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣在天堂之前提供了牺牲 , 没有追求自己的幸福 , 而是为了对地球人类的利益 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社交责任可以帮助客户增加反应 ? 如果这样 , 机制和机制怎样 ? 这项研究是如何回答这些问题的重要问题 。
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利物菲尔德说 , 他在11月警告奥克莱 , 希望该公司在1月发布的一组四分安全pachechechechechecheches时将会修改旗帜 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	他最初建议 , 盖茨将有10%的财富 , 比如数百万 , 大门将会有1000%的财富 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 玩家 " 杂志创始人hghhefner表示 , 他正在考虑结婚女友哈里斯 , 婚女友24岁 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	分析了目标运动的运动模型和动力杀死车的约束 , 并给出了轨道传输的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金安也著名于春天城市 , 大量的太阳水流落在北部 , 城市区的西西班 , 形成了许多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两个眼睛 , 让他们欢迎他们来到他们身上 , 同时他们两个心都与他们的妹妹一起做出了他们的邪恶 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们在危险的时候 , 就像山谷或山区的山区 , 甚至是通过信号非常糟糕 , 警察就知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	日后 , 我们用自己的小头适合许多概念 , 意义 , 公式......但这充满痛苦和泪水的背后太有趣 , 笑了 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	布菲特在中国所有的出现都重复了 , 是通过调查斯坦福德 , 试图让它在音乐里做同样的事情 , 他正在做同样的事 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	我们建议基于您的特定要求 , 可以根据线的制造商和室内温度的不同 , 因此 , 您可以根据您的特定要求进行计算 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	可能吸收和散射红外的烟屏幕 , 重视引导头的能量 , 然后减少导弹射击的概率 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文主要集中在小组字符识别中 , 基于keleton图形、处理中国字符作为一组孤立的分离分离环、分离环和组件之间的关系 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他看作是现代艺术的重要人物 , 是画实践的一位领导人 , 是由于他的智能绘画理论的一名飞行员 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	北京佛罗斯和苏利诺的首席顾问王元泉告诉说 , 宣布是一个潜在的警告 , 不要太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正在感觉到中国的竞争热量 , 经济正在促进其快速增长三年以来最快的历史 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高层和低侧建筑的设置差异的原因和防止措施 , 并指出了使用后者的特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我不会在未来两年里看到任何变化 , " 约翰交易 " , 一位50岁的个人投资者在沃伦特·克莱克工作 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾经见过的最伟大的老师 , 他无法见解的努力 , 让学生讲座似乎像一个激进的、社会对话一样 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	scream4提供了一群熟悉的字符 , 在恐怖电影设置和关闭自我参考的一个线程 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另一方面的问题是 , 更多的电视政府进程 , 更好的是 , 假设人们实际上看到他们广播时的过程 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到24月24日 , 当美国空军向kcx竞争奖时 , ead出现了一个强大的机会在波明律法律上停止其罐子的机会 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新闻或传统媒体的大师 ; 有些宗教领导人 , 一些政府的官员都是全球上诉的政府能力 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师建议仔细使用表达总线快速转移 , 最廉价的公共交通选项 , 增加自行环境和行业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个老年的系统可能会存储 " 狗 " 的 " 狗 " , 更广泛的 " 哺乳 " 和狭窄的术语 " 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在丁珠眼里 , 吴晓明高 , 青年 , 小心地谈话 , 工作 , 接受强壮、快速思维、实践工作难 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	另外 , 使用者输入运行的连接字符串可以导致字符串注射攻击、jeopard化安全在数据源中 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着辩论继续 , 唐金先生需要把握事实 , 尤其是美国 , 普通人民在1970年以来看到他们的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感觉非常欢迎您的友好学校社区 , 并且由所有学生的尊敬显然是成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是来自你的工资 , 然后支付你的信贷者 。 在那个单一行动中 , 你告诉宇宙你值得的宇宙 , 值得更多 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建筑下 , 矿石估计含有4000万吨铜和4600万盎司的金矿 , 应该在2012年开始运营 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	结果 , 罗瑟德·罗斯德最初在4月28日的28日在太平洋的史诗旅程中设立了他的发射日期 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 细胞宏观指数的平均百分比和平均指数可能增加 , 淋巴细胞变化可能由新一粒增加 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还注意到 , 当寻找解决问题时 , 等等的考虑应对朝鲜宾岛进行核解 , 并解决dprk的安全关注 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:用家庭动态问卷和家庭环境规模版本测定221例正常对178例正常控制患者 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要的业务利润是负责、股东和用户的重要指标 , 声明的真实性是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	针对sh6700光总线的破裂现象进行分析和探讨 , 提出了在基础上改进的3结构改进计划 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了水域绿色空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保水域绿色空间发展的需要和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业研究 , 他们可以获得民事服务员或政治部门的机会 , 获得更高的社会状况 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	作家的眼睛是美丽的 , 还有几代生活 , 解释了世界生活的努力 , 解释了几代的努力 。
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 很多研究发现 , 社会科学家们的成功实现了比那些有技术培训或前专业课程的技术课程更大的管理成功 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临着从市场和银行的双重限制 , 导致银行贷款的问题 , 困难提高资金和工作资本缺陷 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	本文介绍了在循环氧单元中的废物碱分离的解决方案 , 通过实验和创新 , 介绍了废物碱液在循环氧单元中的不完全分离问题 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的娱乐角落 , 黑色布艺术地灯的休息 , 是单人sofa和脚脚步 , 使个人拥有休息的好地方 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽妮特雪登:希望你能与我们建立国际jci标准医院 , 让所有的妈妈和婴儿在同一个世界上都能得到最好的医疗保健和健 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计在30季度最后一个30分之后 , 利物浦将会与利物浦最终获得切尔西 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会应由三个或五个人组成 , 执行官任命 , 以及拍卖人员和调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	塞尔吉奥伯纳多·阿尔米尔梅尔 , 另一位biancono离开巴黎 , 是年轻的西班牙球员 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的六十届会议成了一系列和谐文化建设的整个和平文化建设 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为了做这个 , 使用该发现实用程序来定位和评估你在一定时期访问的文件或更改 , 昨天 , 或者在过去的任何日期或部分时间中 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	基于北京龙口矿公司潜艇软岩支持工程 , 研究了用户支持和路径互动的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用trypan蓝色染色检测、7690u荧光染色检测、染色检测和透射电镜进行细胞生长和分化 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna的吸附性及其在机器收集的血浆袋内部表面吸附性及其它的管道 , 用pvc作为主要原料 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	利用有限元软件 , 建立了双辊带铸件的固化模型 , 用有限元软件实现了带铸的固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcur&dr&d部门 , 作品将出版于特殊的22stmcumcu文学奖品 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水面的蒸发降低 , 相对湿度近地表面增加 , 阳光小时减少和风速减少 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	1912年 , 美国科学家wilburl.scoville在1912年 , 研制了一种测量capsaicin水平的测试水平 , 创造了基里的热量 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖上升到一定程度时 , 饱和的中央问题胃疾病信号 , 如果所有营养物 , 减少饼干产品 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	而在这里 , 通过这里的激动 , 我很重兴奋 , 拿着我手里的蜡烛 , 在那里 , 砖砖的一部分 , 阻止我的妻子的尸体的尸体 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每个人的十指手指都留下独特的印象 , 皮肤的弹性使得皮肤的弹性变得完全不可能留下相同的指纹印象两倍 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理局副主任李美说: " 7月北京各级垃圾旅馆的书籍收益率增加了5月份的一百分之一 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放比较低 , 因为大量的河流系统饲料足够的水电发电机发电器提供了70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	设计了使用浮动mos的dlatch和dflip流量电路 , 为了介绍dfliplop的应用 , 设计了注册器和对数 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	每年 , 由于100英寸的雨水 , 奥运国家公园下降 , 永远绿树上升 , 满足奥运山谷的雾山谷 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超原融合蛋白质细胞因子实际上是抗原艺术的代替 , 具有目标功能 , 是抗原不同的新前瞻性介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一个小心规划和组织的努力完成特定的一次努力 , 例如 , 构建建一个建立或实现新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	本文采用spore污染分析、扫描电子显微镜和c14异位试验定义了混合层的地质原因和分布特征 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人士希望理解正确三大营养 , 这些三大营养都注重 , 首先控制动物 , 随着年龄增加 , 逐渐减少 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了让朋友们 , 朋友 , 印度的心 , 情绪疲惫 , 帮助手 , 自助合作 , 互利 , 明天创造更好的明天 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国在新疆、新疆、边境巴基斯坦和阿富汗的西部穆斯林保险协作中已进入巴基斯坦合作 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀被用来使气体流入粗糙线中 , 他们防止管道和容器的湍流 , 尤其是在真空安装中污染污染 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品容忍也可以用来描述一个较好的综合症状 , 一些人受到消费某些食物的某些食物 , 没有清楚的基础 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	物理化学的沸沸点升高 , 似乎与蒸汽蒸馏试验相矛盾 , 实际上 , 它们是不同的原则 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	锁定器械是一种专门用于悬浮桥段的选举设备 , 主要有两种赢得型和液压升升降类型 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家宝总理在与贵燕总理萨米尔后来访中国工作 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应当是自然和冲突现实、分析和探讨人民陪审选、培训、法律实施监督的现实 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	本文在本文的基础上 , 分为九部分 , 每个部分分为 " 原文 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了以efe矩阵法转换为主体的外部环境和方案评价机构的外部环境 。
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	工作变得伤害 , 沃尔兰的孩子们开始意识到他们的父亲是一个暴力的怪物 , 他们每天恐惧他们的母亲 , 拒绝喂他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章详细阐述了中国古典诗歌中特殊语言结构的技术创作、效果和形式主义 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 基于集体身份的理论假设 , 分类欧盟身份理论 , 分为两个方面:道德主义和建设主义 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	利用燃烧噪声和噪声降低噪声的方法 , 研究了二甲醚发动机噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	天气攻击食品价格越来越关注饥饿和哺乳营养的挑战 , " 忘记 " 美国千年发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上 , 他和67岁的67岁的叔叔在狩猎过程中遇到麻烦 , 冰浮在那里 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素参与自动化或帕克里恩时尚规则的激素 , 例如氧化ocin、前列腺素和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	2004年2月早些时候 , 过去的许多鳄鱼被描述为2004年2月初 , 这些鳄鱼是相对竞争和正常类型的英语 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果你在访问它时不能读到数据 , 那么解密密钥被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它是因为供应商使用自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是谁穿着金银、蓝和绿色的网络 , 让我们穿过他的脚 , 感觉自己忘记自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	山西省人类资源的优越条件 , 目前为其复合文化的竞争而闻名 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常在布利顿的书中 , 允许孩子们有力:旅行和烹饪自身 , 访问魔术的土地或解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	高粘聚合物衍生过程的流行问题是开发高效质量传输装置 , 提高表面再生率的关键问题 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学项目对心脏攻击患者不仅是改善知识的积极效果 , 而且减少不确定性和抑郁程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果总有效率为93.3%和62.2% , 高压盐线组的恢复率和总有效率明显高于ns增加口服预氮组 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	bingo游戏是一个由民族群体鼓励的美国海关 , 并且由教堂所承担的东美海关 , 交换需要的收入提供 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	x12:kilos中的gros体重应该在这里展示 , 其他测量e.g.g.卷或数量的单元 , 表示正确的数量可能是在使用的 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	跨越高速公路 , 远离深圳国际机场 , 港口只有十公里远离广州新湾云国际机场 , 一小时全球速度 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体制的发展 , 国家经济的迅速发展 , 人类生活标准、医药和健康工业的发展迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的第二楼将是透明的 , 电影将符号香港人民的想象和创造力 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说: " 球员能有很好的技能 , 但是他的才能不意味着他不会应用自己并且得到工作 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第1章主要介绍了中国纺织品的出口情况和苹果出口情况 , 尤其是从音量和排出出出出出口价格的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	加热玻璃的不同规格 , 但我保证干燥、加热系统和喷嘴位置下的质量 , 应该容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	这种不同的来源作为当地美国人、俄罗多夫·史蒂纳和我们的朋友对地球的合适和谐角色的学习有影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	23岁的现有夫妇属于人类最好的张的妻子和幽默 , 他的政治室、态度、态度和其附着到家乡和亲戚 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	随着土耳其往往是温暖的外界 , 你的平均乔治亚似乎比你平均英国更加自我保留 , 而且不完全相似 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	显示其形状的光谱 , 试图吸引更少的振动棕色蜘蛛的注意力 , 生物揭示了橙色、黄色、绿色和蓝色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 我不会反对吉利米 , 我相信 , 我认为这是无耻的 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省份如资源 , 鱼 , 森林 , 森林 , 森林 , 石油 , 现在的外界人从 , 有时不公平 , 有时候 , 只剩下的货物 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校已经开始分离某些课程的性别 , 并且说它消除了男孩的 " 桃子效应 " , 并且提供了更平等的老师时间的分配 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	在回顾中 , kafkaka是一个诺贝尔试图适应kafka的工作复杂性 , 并且在soderbergh的发电实验中获得了很多复杂性的工作 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界大战之后 , 亨利福德和通用汽车的汽车公司从几个世纪的工艺生产导致的世界制造 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	比如 , 波普金教授说 , 美国学校还需要改善营养 。 例如 , 学校可能会提供大量人会考虑垃圾食品 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	然而wga西方总统帕特里·弗朗在周六晚上告诉3 , 000名作家在参加这项合同之后 , 只有在选举结束之后才会结束 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	阿莫尼是一家著名的国内电话制造企业 , 因为a8 , " 将跳舞 " 手机 , 2002年和2003年赚了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这听起来很有效 , 记住在大多数观察器状况下 , 每个组件都有小的听众 , 而且插入和删除大多数都是由传统的 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信念具有丰富的马祖庙、丰富的诗歌和福建商人活动密切的关系 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这款硅小的性美元是2016年市场独特的设计 , 性美元与热日纯女孩 , 女性真正的性美元机器人 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:当时3月份的时候 , 穆斯塔切让他打算把硅谷挖出来证明 , 他将会为圣弗兰多山谷提供无资金 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但我们回答说 , 给他带来了很多电影 , 不要穿一只城市的电影 , 然后在11岁的时候 , 他也许会在这里做 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	自治公司的员工超过90%的自治公司雇员 , 而且有两分之二的信息收购类别 , 同意 " 良好的想法已经被我公司所采取的 。 "
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条违约主体物质 , 违约人应当时通知对象或他的头发或保护人 , 除非对象不能定位 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	来自s&p500公司的更多收入和最高经济指标的经济指标将给投资者更多证据的经济健康状况 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	基于船舶压力数据和水流后水流量对孔隙结构变化的影响 , 估计了孔隙结构的分形参数 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察抗水性药物及同步心脏治疗19例急性振动综合征的效果 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论nickel钛板固定及可调节patella骨折减少装置具有良好的疗效 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	2006年 , 深圳西马克电缆技术有限公司是我国 " 结构通信解决方案的领先供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油密封 , 模块橡胶零件 , 硅主机 , 乘客汽车 , 灯和重租车 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人住宅位于北京东城区的东城区 , 是一个传统的 " 四川 " 的住宅类型 , 法院院院院中心 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性金钱组成 , 女性金钱不受限制 , 但有相同的重量和复杂 , 艺术触摸是染色的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳市广东电信技术有限公司是一家研究、开发、销售、服务进入专业led屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	通过双分子脂肪膜对植物细胞的影响 , 引起了高电静电场的影响 , 并推导了微观原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsacksacksack比波罗衬衫更明亮 。 这个线程颜色看起来很好 , 在knapsacksack上看起来太黑了 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第一条未来委员会委员会的调整净资本额不超过6%的客户端账户总额 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过测定单一或双层的多层弹性丝的测定 , 表明制备的织物弹性能达到媒体或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动态波浪湿润的机制、结构特点 , 并对硫酸和复合肥生产的应用进行了阐述 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是 , 尽管在上个月的电池工厂中 , 尽管政府的回应仍然是不错的 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	在分析基础上 , 青岛港港集团总体发展战略的基础上 , 提出了增强集团竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	另外 , 在ziit监督层的观察方面 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验类的性能更活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天之后 , 在36周的森林期间 , 单词到达婴儿出生期或短期死亡 , 父母同意捐赠婴儿的心 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司江东手工有限公司的首席介绍是一家专业生产工艺专业的专业企业专业生产 , 完全少数民族群体的生产 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	插件路由器级别没有需要维持会话有限制 , 因为会话界限将由odrs所需的请求向应用服务器提出的时候执行 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	随着对材料的可能性进行调查 , 包括回收玻璃、ucco和标记 , 建筑师设置在石头上最好的选择 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金 , 是中国在线支付提供的投资服务 , 中国在线支付商 , 以及天中资产管理商 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括四个部分gps区域参考站、gps购买子系统、下水翼、船舶数据处理和控制中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我觉得卢克霍姆斯的内容非常全面 , 我特别喜欢与前瞻角的故事 , " 路易斯霍说 , " 中央国家的主任路易斯霍说 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:对联合肝脏和肾脏收割过程、1右肾静脉和2例左肾动脉受伤 , 肾动脉不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	两种不同金属分离的电源由两种不同金属的转换磁盘组成 , 形成初级细胞连接在一系列 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的一封信给赫布雷斯 , 约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝赫马斯的牧师 , 这是一本书 , 我们包括在一群写作中 , 我们称为 " 阿波斯坦父亲 " 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在德国西部 , 外交部长汉斯特里奇基因斯cher推动了莫斯科托关闭所有核能源植物类似于切尔诺贝尔 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	根据单阶段、双阶段和多阶段的设计 , 可以根据稳定、绝缘和冷却要求进行定制 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件组织的文件代理是一个知名的元素 , 并且它们已经取代了 " 目录 " , 这个命令行操作系统 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	电话 , 语法 , 词汇 , 听听 , 阅读和写作技能在这个阶段 , 实现突破 , 以实现基础、习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	国防部委员会缺乏法律基础 , 导致死刑行动障碍 , 保证国家防守 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 快速实力事件运动员运动员运动员的训练系统可能导致心脏形态和功能的变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解决uwbfs系统中龙范围行动的大时间jitter错误 , 提出了一种基于晶体频率分割的新型时间系统 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	根据j.帕特里克·戈尔曼创始人j.帕特里克·戈尔曼说 , 大会计公司正在提供类似的增加 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	研究人员考察血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生率的关系 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法37例老年心理诊断相关检查相关的患者 , 负面病人不会采取相关检查 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	我曾忘记与hitachi在1984年的25年内开始与hitachi港交付 , 并且我期待我们的关系继续发展 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	本论文介绍了简单、经济动态锥石油和影响土壤试验仪 , 促进地质量调查 , 提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变量矩阵 , 可以与不同混合数据相比 , 提出了一种系统位置选择数据的基础 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs的价格增加了消费者和商业旅游者的价格敏感性 , 降低了全球经济疟疾的油价格 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体尤其是脆弱 , 因为他们经历了在治疗神经认知并发症期间的生存 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 平行处理方法得到了子线性速度 , 实时识别内在模型的实时性要求基本满足 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	美国红十字路、美国红十字路、美国疾病控制中心以及防止美国国家基金会的协作努力 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文重点讨论了新现实主义小说的社会历史背景 , 并讨论了当代文学发展和认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 阐述了美联储政府腐败 , 来自niu " 先进政治思想和粗糙官员职业 " 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	吴建议 , 企业和企业也应注重员工心理健康 , 帮助他们通过讲座和心理咨询来减少压力 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市大树现象的分析 , 阐述了城市景观森林的必要性和必要性 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘贴剂 , 消毒剂和进口服装放在重量上 , 随着降低葡萄牙离子度的释放 , 最佳的预处理 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁悬浮的态度明显提示了不同构造单位磁化单元中的磁性能 , 与岩石单元分布有一致的作用 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 戴京也不想卖好 , 他只是想看看他们能做任何重复 , 达京回答不会继承他的提议 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	将每个杯全两分之二的篮子加热到2025分钟 , 或者直到金棕色 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	另外 , 大气附着教学和学习大气的建设 , 十个规定由创始人zhiy保证了良好的教学氛 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了在内热焦炉实际运行和应用中的问题 , 分析了内热焦炉的原因 , 并提出改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨肾酸诱导慢性颞叶癫痫的关系及其机制 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某些程度来说 , 利用信号检测理论来解释信号检测过程的实际情况 , 比以理想的假设为理想的理想假设 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在有径向灵活机制的情况下 , 抗旋转机制和螺杆杆包展示同步机制和自补偿之间的磨损 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进的遗传算法在解决高维、多元应变和非线性核问题中成功 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理和其他相关银行人员应该负责导致17 , 000元失去的责任 , 所以他们为什么不负责 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2导致聚氨胺氧化介导细胞死亡 , 高敏反应和防御基因的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	高风险和投资强化 , 开发阶段运行流体的运行流体可能导致储层损害 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	美国 , 他认为 , 需要与伊朗和土耳其合作 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角 " , 他们的活动将促进民主和战争极端主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	在1987年 , 海比布布里古巴的首席教育体系教育体系教育体系教育体系教育体系教育体系教育体系教育体系教育体系教育体系培养的困难 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这不能抑制全自由表达:这不会失去自由的表达 ; 实体性 , 以及我们同时通信的重要罪恶 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她去了 , " 我们是电工程师 , 我们真的需要更多的帮助海洋工程师 , 但是让他们得到更多的资金 , 我们需要更多的资金 , 让我们更多的资金显示一些成功 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把你的妈妈的照片和她的珠宝盒子放在这里 , " 米切尔说 , 克里斯觉得这么幸运 , 让她感到幸福 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为瑜伽帮助人们更多地用他们的身体和吃习惯和意识不良的习惯 , 比如吃压力、疲惫或抑郁 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	房间工作的志愿者们在灯泡里工作的灯泡 , 而非超级荧光消耗的问题更成功地解决了新的问题 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	星期二晚上 , 卡扎菲的巴布拉扎扎菲的巴比亚拉齐亚化合物报道了五声爆炸事件 , 他在周二晚上发出了一个地址 , 第一次袭击 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	随着一定的假设 , 我们结论价格水平之间的关系 , 数量产生和成本参数相同 , 相同的风险避免 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	采用气藏的材料平衡方程 , 确定气藏的储备和ogip , 判断其驱动类型并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	吴慧看到唐糖家快乐 , 唐丽和天津看到唐糖回家后来 , 建议让家装修也可以太空的点子 , 每个人都搬到维拉 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势显示 , 从社会和文化积累与心理分子到电影之间的密切关系 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本课程集中通过教育实践和核心搜索 , 建立儿童数学认知发展概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的t//s平均平均大约2.06 , 旗阶段的最大幅度为78 , 冬季的最小出现最小 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	湖山工业经济被称为湖山现象的 " 经济 " , 今年的经济增长 , 虽然是国家水平的贫穷县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为美国军事战略不再集中在山上敌人战斗后 , 但在城市和村庄赢得阿富汗 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者们希望在当地的教师准备上交流 , 然而当地老师认为外国人只是为了有趣的培训者 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假期者配置是一个附近的太阳能旅馆 , 花园和野鸡的附近的酒店 , 但是 , 旅行的高光是看到葡萄牙的机会 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了燃油税的功能 , 讨论了物流产业燃油税的影响 , 并给出了相关对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	作为肯尼·托克尔写道: " 最后 , 在他最伟大的时刻 , 他向我们展示了最可怜的 , 毁灭的男子的一边 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	手工 , 还是由于浮动孩子 , 必须在信心上升 , 记住他们的家里由丝绸和卢琳讨论业务 , 可以打开丝绸线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	添加叶绿色的绿色是一个易于添加颜色、香味和营养品的方法 , 在本周的健康方案中写了玛丽莎玫瑰花 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何执行自己作为一名员工考虑竞争的员工 , 你可能会看到公司的观点是如何形式化社会媒体和参与 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是碎片 , 大坝和合理 。 有人远处的声音 , 有人承包的呼叫或响应重新回答 , 远远远的厚度 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	乔布斯先生在五年前治疗胰腺癌的治疗中期 , 医疗叶在1月接受肝移植术后接受肝脏移植 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	该方法改善了点传播函数的估计精度 , 建立了基于重点传播函数的重点图像 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每个章节和每个字节都形成了整个马悲伤节点知识的整合框架 , 这个框架基本上升 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 通过引入一些rdb查询理论的查询优化模型 , 给出了其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	低bdnf水平的男性似乎失去了复杂任务的能力 , 几乎两个人没有变化 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心私人雇主将削减jobs和许多人 , 尤其是那些用来获取他们的工资 , 尤其是那些人都会失去他们的工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	同样的是 , 中国政府政策的海洋指示 , 中国政府宣布将从2008年6月免费塑料购物袋出售免费购物袋 , 有效地从2008年6月开始 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	建立了几何特征和过程信息对象的几何特征和过程信息的对象表示方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	去年 , 风险资本公司投资3.5亿美元的美国替代能源公司 , 同时他们只投资了330亿美元的中国公司 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	高压设计的组成部分是spraycool多平台装置 , 使电子器位于雷达目前在黑帽前面 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	它代表着茶人希望 , 代表中国茶业将更加丰富 , 母亲茶课程的茶课程是确保明天比以前的日子更为明天更明显 !
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种环境友好的防腐涂料 , 基于非毒性钙作为主要防腐剂 , 磷酸盐作为辅助防腐剂 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地形和地形特征 , 北京沙滩土地主要分为三种类型 , 山地转移区和平原 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	文章还提出了基于基因优化算法的地震特性和地震优化方法 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	当老年成年人不能因健康状况而建议大量的物理活动 , 他们应该像他们的能力和条件一样活跃 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	路克萨斯博览了广泛的广告问题和资本主义社会中的航天问题 , 并证明了其总体类别的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	中国城市系统大小的分形维度是2000年至2004年最大的城市交通总线的1.4862 , 与1.518一致 , 这与中国城市系统的分形维度一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨吸收贫困和相对贫困观念的现象 , 探讨英国社会的历史比较 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油公司有限安全管理的基础已经变得更加强化和石油生产的安全性能 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后利用可逆对策的特点 , 采用四值dflip流作为核心组件设计四值同步逆转对策 , 设计了具有重复功能的四个同步逆转反向对策 。
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法庭发现 , 邓先生与内容引起伤害 , 但没有判断她的句子 , 没有一个 " 情绪障碍 " 解决了她的刑事责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除了代表那些受伤的个人外 , 除了严重的医疗治疗结果 , 我们还代表了健康护理诈骗和hmo纠纷的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制的目标混合剂在口腔和颌面手术中的可行性和潜在作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要研究成果是以下:高中特殊教育教师和乒乓球领域将使用技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗伯·帕茨 , 克里斯·斯蒂瓦特和其他的其他人在加拿大的第三部电影中拍摄了第三部电影 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第十六条国家科技委员会应与其他部门关注的 , 规定间隔新技术产业发展领域 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	经营文化对员工工作运动的影响越来越广泛 , 但在文化与工作动机之间没有运动的框架 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	这个粗糙的30座跨国牛很艰难的工作 , 在这座粗糙的小船上 , 前面的东南和太阳花在垃圾里涂上了 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金今年减少了其它商品的联系 , 管理在一半的石油和铜滑动时 , 这反映了其它货币的增加值 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们从传统生活模式破坏了学校 , 爱情 , 收到婚姻 , 买一只婴儿......相反 , 他们已经跳了一些步骤 , 加上其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接数据结构通过它的enength保持脚步 , 不需要创建祖先节点 , 因此它可以减少节省noitet和匹配模式的房间 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你在正确的位置 , 你需要放松你的绘画手臂肌肉 , 记住你画作家的写作简单 , 迫使肌肉放松 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	另外 , 丰田周一表示 , 它扩大了美国的服务运动 , 以泄漏油主机的934 , 000辆车辆 , 六缸发动机 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但是它要求我推出一本书来了解更多的主题 , 或者与发送者的电子邮件交换数量的电子邮件 , 图出更多关于问题的详细 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前的自然历史问题中 , 耶鲁教授弗兰克教授说 , 海滩怎样能学到爱金钱 , 甚至有些转变成亚uman资本家 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	韩国的独立消息极其罕见 , 但中国相应的大坝语法学家已经旅行到边境 , 以满足朝鲜最近逃离的朝鲜 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保与仲裁案件相关 , 国家仲裁立法和民事立法制度有关仲裁制度 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲阿洛伊斯认为 , 是一个女儿和一个19岁的犹太人 , 这将使人激发一季的犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织表示 , 政府部队在全叙利亚的41人死亡 , 包括20人中央抗议赫尔法亚的中央抗议丈夫 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	一位当地官员告诉报纸 , 反应要求的报纸 , 一天的旅游将包括访问北川高中 , 这里的学生在垃圾中被埋在垃圾中 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	幸运的时候 , 有一个女人在那里被称为 " 贝尔 " 的女人 , 足够与不幸的人分享 , 比如贝尔 , 她也不太坏了 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , 25%的xmx值用于最大护士尺寸 , 而护士的尺寸则允许在25%内增长和缩小 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一方面是一个冲突 , 美国并没有寻求 , 一个人参加了42个国家 , 包括挪威的努力 , 以防止自己和全国进一步攻击 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	一家美元的商店还没有打开 , 所以我进了没有飞机 , 它的菜肴很昂贵 , 所以我拿了两杯瑜伽杯 , 告诉这位摄影师给我一些四分之一 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本请求的框架中 , cen和cenec将开发一个或几个级别标准包含通用要求 , 适用于各种类型的能源相关产品 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	在光轮综合加工过程中 , 该方法分为两个工作过程 , 表面切割是前面处理过程 , 挤出处理是后来的过程 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 在6月2日 , 将有私人部门和政府会议 , 包括美国商务委员会 , 这将持有35年会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电话市场不允许在国家东京电话名单上调用任何数字 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人有关的业务关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的干旱有限于分离区域 ; 除了里奥大爷的苏尔和巴拉那外 , 没有可逆的损害似乎是全国范围广泛的 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	美国流行的一种更加危险的装置 , 是美国的瞬时光盒瓶充满了硫酸 , 将化学物质分割成化学物质 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦境中 , 她被一位女士告诉女士 , 美丽的病毒名字完成了 , 一些藏人也可以看到在湖边的网站内容 , 只是通过计算机监视屏来看 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是高度个人知识的知识 , 积累了一个富裕的经历 , 无法制度暴露 , 这是一种系统的暴露 , 是可以感觉 , 但不能解释在词中 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这个类型的场景通常发生在clevel执行官希望驱动业务的clevel执行人员时 , 并且更改企业提供积极的赞助来援助他们的战略代理 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家的 " 扩展eps系统 " -360提供了市场前景、侧面和后面影响保护 , 使它成为最安全的肝盔之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年 , 北京文明艺术销售中心成立于1995年 , 大厅建立了世界上最大的艺术社区 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	澳大利亚学出版社和专业出版组织开放 , 包括大学出版社和利润组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何运行诊断和治疗设备 , 特别是医药的分支 , 但他们也在急诊干预技术中培训 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	三个结构组装水防管锅炉是dzl型热水锅炉的新思想 。 最近在此类锅炉中应用了两系列注射技术 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐赠允许一座桥在两座山之间建立 , wawa终于走到学校 , 穿靴子的姐姐想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	西北的寒冷速度将侵入 , 保持亚热带气温和湿度 , 是北热带气候变化的典型北向热带气候变化 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	通过化学热力学实验 , 研究了非氧化强酸溶液溶液中的不溶性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	本文分析了转子束的原因、危害和形成过程转子束缚在转子发电器端的各种不同类型 , 并提出防止预防措施的防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人上周告诉华尔街报道 , 该公司不能规定更换osi的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一项规则 , 第三周中期的趋势将在第三周内转向第三周的中期 , 股票只有3周的移动趋势 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	阐述了一种显著的抗癌效果 , 并提供其它营养效益 , 讨论了cla的多功能多功能多功能和其病原因 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本奥斯卡大学6月10日发布官方论坛 , 因为一名员工称孔子学院文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	第一条背景的搅拌已经感到所谓的 " 奥运兰人 " , 这将是在比赛期间举行的18万名运动员和官员 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	在我组和组i组之间的细菌数的差异非常显著 , 小岛清洗手术效果明显优于洗手 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在没有身体发现的年轻妇女中 , 病人应该回到3到10天之后 , 接下来的男性开始确定如果lump回归 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机控制空间干预研究长期以后的时间可能有助于进一步描述血管治疗效果的进一步探讨 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我知道 , 在我在中国的时期 , 中国的各个环境中 , 南方的行动不会对我其他能力的任何问题或事故进行责任 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	在gnome中最好的菜单之一是服务器进入菜单中的连接 , 这允许用户将近乎任何类型服务器快速和容易连接 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山脚上 , 国际幼儿园附近太阳大学的国际幼儿园 , 位于一个愉快的环境中 , 具有良好的观点 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:使用3种诱导的消费样本比使用3g胃洗诊断肿瘤结核病患者的诊断更敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中在蒙古的标签上 , 旨在巩固它在俄罗斯和西方战斗中获得稳定的地位 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们通过德克萨斯、新墨西哥、加利福尼亚、内瓦达、科罗拉多、尼布拉加和米尼苏达的所有途径 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但是它反映了过去世界公平的事实 , 上海博览会主要是印象国内观众 , 90%的访问者来自主国 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的一天我开始好了 , 但是在半个马拉松之后 , 我在两腿上开了肌肉裂缝 , 导致我下落 , 这导致我正确的膝盖造成正确的伤害 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	以色列两名以色列人 , 陕波勒博士 , 医疗工程师 , edysof博士 , 一个突出的气候学家 , 加入了一个基于座位的工程团队来帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	照片看着窗外看着 , " 这是让我想起那部电影的电影 , 在一个小镇里 , 突变在夜间吃他们 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	基于技术创新战略实现的战略实现 , 中国应该逐步探索和发展 , 以保障更多的储备和减少油进口的暴露 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	目击者和安全摄像机视频建立了一个像年轻男子穿着珍妮和趋势衬衫 , 轴承rucksack和枪击的肖像 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	一个通用的概率值路由 , 一个单转换的qz算法不在linpack或ispack中开发 , 为所有复杂和通用的概率值问题 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员在欧洲工作协议、工作时间、婚姻状况、性别、年龄、自治工作方面进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	很好的购物商和alfresco饭店保持忙碌的地方 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的食物或者是通过上海一些更有时尚的商店 , 这就是这个地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高服装制造业生产效率 , 必须结合传统服装生产方案、模式设计和服装制作 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	除非相关机构批准相应的合同之外 , 技术转移的相关费用将不会被资格化 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前盾牌的混合比例通常使用正交测试 , 实验中存在的缺点和不可避免的时间和钱的浪费 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿饮料中 , 每天只有1磅的饮料 , 每天的减肥量为1.1磅 , 6个月和1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 中国有很严重的冻结和渗透霜霜霜霜霜和长期监测对冻结霜霜和冻结长期的影响 , 为潜在灾害提供参考信息 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了分子结构、代谢、组织分布及其抗癌功能及可能机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:直接表现为9例 , 无规则的中心或内心狭窄 , 1例无规则填充缺陷 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	editra允许您在启动期间自动检查菜单mnemonics , 并允许您设置优越的字符 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	采用大型垂直速度模拟高头 , 运行的大速度和前面密度相当密切相关 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	食品生产生物技术的前提是:食品产品生产中的生物技术有很多好处:快速饲养植物和动物的过程 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	马克维亚先生称为军事服务 , 为威尔马赫、英国、意大利、芬兰和乌托拉维亚的警察提供了一名警察 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强的一个人必须与贝尔泽布的魔鬼驱逐魔鬼 , 正如说 , 为了给予反魔法 , 为了中性化和超越支持建立的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	它遵循绝对艺术标准 , 意味着每个个人独特的感觉都是通过图像来实现的 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 蠕虫被用来攻击电脑 , 核反应堆 , 已经有广泛的推测 , 土星实际上损害了植物 , 某些伊朗密度 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转移关键相比 , mddcsk具有多级数字信号的优点 , 通过使用多个scroll加密参数 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文对图书馆创新创新的关键问题进行了探讨 , 包括自然、障碍和实现创新战略成功实现 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	利用hsqldbut.运行脚本tool来创建一个名为启动的方法 , 使项目、主类名称和命令行参数成为方法参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运极端冠军和世界纪录片记录奥运会星期天早些时候宣布 , 她是在运动中无限破坏 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易秘书法可视为社会利益分布和司法选择与社会利益与贸易秘密的垄断利益 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战斗者似乎准备将大量人民推动为了减少单一目标 , 例如高级政府官员或警察首席目标 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线显微镜是用软x射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 它填充光学和电子显微镜之间的差距 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	温阳三能集团有限公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业生产烟草提取物 , sol和尼古丁两大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼部位的正确率 , 提出了一种用于面部界限的方法和多层眼检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:采用目标口腔粘膜灌溉试验 , 探讨微卡氧化铜铜铜铜银玻璃的组织兼容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场吉尔伯托在枪手中场中场的成功者 , 接到巴西国家队的呼吁 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在几个c.i.a官员知道拘留和交流程序的详细信息中 , 有十个辩论机构 , 要在治疗条件下绘制行 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 开幕文件告诉我们 , 在东京古代崩溃之后 , 萨米拉里离开了失业 , 并在寻找工作的国家外部 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感觉到很多灰色 , 深深深深地对他的视野、恶魔、dana和勤奋带给美国的佛教带来了佛教 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	simonellson是抗病毒公司的安全专家 , 强调了改变密码频繁并避免恢复的关键 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测量 , 钢烟表面处理只有0.008相对反射 , 吸收装置可以作为理想内涂料 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学院图像是中国传统自治时期的特殊平洋现象 , 变成现代文化 , 具有特殊的审美价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制度是汉武迪的原始创造基础 , 成功的经验和控制秦朝官员的监督和控制 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 周晓光 , 共享他的印象: " 这表明美国政府和北京完全不同的工作方式 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了促进这些领域的铁铁石的应用 , 合成了高饱和磁化的超级纳米纳米纳米结构铁粒子 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声b和前室角的镜子进行检查 , 然后在前室角下提取外体外观角 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理阿卜杜拉·巴达维正面对他的辞职 , 统治联盟失去了关键的地方 , 反对党的反对党 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在影片之前 , 波斯尼亚州波斯尼亚威那战争难以置信的摄影师 , 就像他扔掉了电影的那样 , 他赢得了奖励 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	本文综述了反热衍生物的结构活性与药理学性质 , 作为一种潜在的化学代理剂 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九十九条代理的义务遵循指令 ; 按照原则的指令 , 应当按照规定执行事务 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自从那以来 , 我们的双边关系对双方的成就感谢两方努力 , 两国两国有频繁的接触和其他水平 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 拉迪克普利亚粉 , 使用的综合价值逐渐改善了工业生产的官方和原材料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他是家人唯一的工人提供物质的唯一工人 , 或者如果他是一所全职学校的学生 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	因此 , 分支厚对青年树的影响较大 , 与其生存率、生长条件和年轻图树的商业率有直接关系 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本研究描述了激励导致速度对心脏节奏的定量仿真模拟和三维实际扭转几何模型的影响 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的克隆生长架构、古拉和墨西哥在波南尼亚杏仁最大地区 , 被认为是研究克隆人口最好的材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯基金德是纽约世界贸易中心发布的主规划者 , 这将面临多年的延迟和重大成本 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃免费ampole是由一个模拟聚乙烯或聚丙烯单元组组成的一种自由聚丙烯单元组成 , 直到用户活动 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对当时中国医学教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者 " 是保持中国医学教育的主要组成部分 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和拉克·霍夫曼在四个月的慈善男子中心委员会工作 , 遭受了4个月的伤害 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与这个世界相比 , 中国的牙齿衰退事故并不高于初级和二级学校的学生 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口增长了1% , 近40%的增长是因为外国人口进入美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	欧洲危机对经济的损害 , 明白了17个民币的行动 , 欧洲危机的迫切需要 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	18.07%的ip饮食ip水平最高的n消化率为二次曲线关系 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	" 另外 , 吉利亚还揭示在游览期间 , 在很多电影中 , 大多数喜欢 " 超越我们的肯尼 " , 她甚至有电影被提名为最好的压力金牌 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是稳定发展 , 避免赢得的原则 , 在变化行业和市场中 , 他们正试图采取花费活力和稳定的提升 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统林肯在紧急的环境下准备违反宪法 , 因为当林肯悬挂了哈比亚军队在民事战争出口的时候 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人在美国的借贷金额上说 , 汽车不能卖掉 , 因为老太太太太太太太 , 还有六个 " 经济危机 " 最终被消除 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清楚动物研究与祖母hip替代之间的联系 , 父亲的经过操作一个婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至是宠物的鞋子 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk后移植失败的危险因素是冠状血管化、移移植、伪造、前期或后发症的危险因素 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	几乎所有消费的东西都是消费的 , 包括它的lavish的布局和现在大多数人常常坐在它的盖子上 , 35 ) 按照销售 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 几乎每一部分工业 , 从上流到下游 , 完全是印度尼亚:农民、工厂和工厂、销售商、销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰不会消失 。 直到今天 , 除非其他人没有玩耍 , 比如艾默森和发送人一样离开 , 还有谢维切科和马里没有声称的 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过分析景观建筑设计的案例 , 阐述了用于参考的文献流动的意义 , 例如超波、调制和符号化等 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了捐赠调查对接受者的调查 , 动物污染植物进化了各种荧光特性 , 污染调查调查是其中之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定阅读奥尔法运动之后 , 我不相信我们会遇到任何额外的障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	宾尼·辛迪瓦威2分 , 包括比赛赢得3秒左右的比赛赢得比赛 , 因为奥兰多魔术击败了冠军霍斯顿火箭9290 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	bnp巴黎投资合作伙伴马丁fridson说: " 否则在cds或超级资产中会有更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一个土地是不用的 , 这将增加森林覆盖率为4.1% 。 前面的水路、农田、农田和其他绿色潜力 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说的例子中 , 浪漫视觉倾向于表达自己的形式 , 称作 " 浪漫 " 、情感和象征形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是2005年在霍斯顿举行的第一次 , 德克萨斯于2005年收到了2000万美元 , " 兰回忆道 , " 数字超过了我们的期望 。
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 真的是 , 现在我不会和我一起处理这些小伤害 , 比如汉明或格林菌株 , 我可以理解他们 , " 26岁的孩子告诉官方赛季计划 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2中设置n到b或更高的内存布局 , 它不再使用分享库和共享库 , 并允许它们用于本地存储或mmapping 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但现在 , 如果我们是在这个方面修改反对文化的一个方面 , 那么它的神秘倾向和原则的乐趣--我们不会对运动深刻的公义做法 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	霍斯顿metro系统成功测试了一定类型细菌的呼吸安全系统 , 利用紫外线菌辐射法杀死9% 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 尽管司法官的辩护和完整性超越了复制 , 他的遗传密封的方法对法庭和外部的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	食物:食物丰富于这种矿物中 , 因此 , 亚洲人包括食物、番茄、豆、褐米、柠檬、柠檬、橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	百度的金融总监说: " 百度 , 中国音乐扇 , 记录艺术家和记录公司都会从这个赢得伙伴中获益 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线被昂贵的安装 , 第一家公司在美国唯一的长距离服务提供商 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	本文以二级董事市场为研究对象 , 通过理论和实践角度分析了交易机制的特点和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清除和反应阶段患者 , 优化氨基氨基酶和hbvdna水平 , 是抗病毒治疗的候选人 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 第四类城市的小燕子 , 第二次销售海军 , 占13% , 公司未来表现明显改善 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	巴拉图1 , 1 , 13和19的订阅规定不需要申请发行人在公开的证券下执行证书 , 以便公开认其普通企业债券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	例如 , 我们离开的某些事情 , 例如jpa作为插件的jpa标签库支持 , 可以改善我们的单位测试基础设施 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	法国拥有丰富的香味和蝴蝶纺织品 , 传统上是法国圣诞节礼品 , 虽然在全国的南方吃得更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次展示了决策的重要性 , 组合和传递能力 , 因为球员需要知道球场运行时 , 还要知道球场或球队的时候 , 小心不要在球场上捕捉 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道: " 坐在电视台上可能不会让孩子看到 , 但是一个孩子可能坐在电视上 , 因为他或她还是附近看不到的 , "
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 路沈承诺帮助库希马的销售渠道 , 帮助路沈市长期以来 , 为了帮助路沈市登陆岛推销 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次冰岛形成的冰岛 , 1962年 , 荷兰冰岛的冰岛在岛上 , 小块的冰岛变成了真正岛之间 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能工业炉开发和应用试验 , 例如加热炉、热处理炉和烟炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果一所大学毕业生从来没有看到音乐陌生 , 然后考虑这:欧盟考虑到英国最大的大学和200 , 000名学生的学生 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏现实世界的经验和实践知识 , " 杨小龙说 , 一个独立高尔夫俱乐部的ceoceo , 作为他的员工们在希望申请者的关注 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 在美国和国际社区的几年之后 , 还有一位老年人 , 但同样的哥伦敦卡扎菲似乎恢复了西方 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c和保护光照射下 , np无释放的动力学 , 通过建筑空间结构和空间结构对snp的影响显著 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	使用 " 蔡云 " 特殊座位和健康保护功能 , 各种使用摩托车座位的短缺和遗憾将受到批评 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个重要因素形成一个系统 , 科学操作能产生良好的教学结果 , 科学操作也是新时代教学创新措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	在这个殖民失败之后 , 巴特将军队的残留到恐怖中 , 逃到他个人帝国王星毁灭者的外部骑士领土 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中获取有用的信息 , 例如在一个月的ecr状态调查事务 , 数量的ecr状态调查事务 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	在接受报告后 , 韩韩国总理参加了49分钟的事务主席 , 当他被防守部长金正在达到52分钟之后 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	家庭的护理团队由几个护士组成 , 他们每天早上跳进小卡车 , 走到社区 , 往往往往往往往往往是真正的命运 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	身体清洁器的特殊喷洒系统实现两个州内水喷洒 , 因此体清洗范围和体清洗程度改善了身体清洗程度 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	机场的场景在机场上 , 飞机在跑道上 , 他们的城市从飞机上走出了飞机 , 是日本公共广播的nhk 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个金锁的金锁 , 看起来很厚 , 但是在一个丑陋的、紧密、密密密密、核心的帽子下 , 疲倦了 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	在150年的商业调查中 , 两分之二的调查显示他们的团体促进利润虽然剩下的第三分之一声称 , 他们的团体经历失去了钱 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安迪:是的 , 但是卡塔尔也可以穿上银牌 , 是真的是一匹黑马 , 它在另一半决赛中打败伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家们 , 通过其追踪者判断电影 , 指责张先生给亚洲演员 , 应该去亚洲演员 , 一个叫做白瓦什的实践 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 像极端程序和敏捷发展这样的概念 , 使得这些利益并没有整个人在代码上取得了很多相同的利益 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在矩阵组织、学习风格组织和非边界组织的情况下 , 今天我们选择基于给定环境和目标的选择 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	根据不同的味道 , 香料包含许多香料 , 猪肉rib产品和脱水的春洋葱 , 添加一些香味 , 根据不同的味道 , 味道会很好 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	此外 , 本意识双标准伤害自由和汉族的感觉 , 还有在学术意识上的上升 , 并且在学术意识上改变了历史的真正面貌 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这永远不会是 , 永远不知道这个现状仍然持续 ; 当时 , 时间使我们在离开的列表中 , 确保这位友谊将会幸存我们的身份来承担我们的身份 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 那些在36岁的爱情社交网络中 , 移动和期望支付它 , 年轻的成年人期待移动内容 , 尤其是音乐和视频 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号在一个非常高频和两个样本之间的差异量化得到数字信号 , i.e , 信号madelta码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	因为他们像我一样 , 我觉得 , 没有我总是有成功的 , 个性是现实 , 但我喜欢一个阴影 , 让我 , 这里真的是我错误的页面 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年之后 , 95%的元素汞在填充表面上的表面上已经经过化学反应 , 变成了硫化合物 , 黑色固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18个公园位置 , 拥有紧急柴油发电机和电器设备的电气室 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	美国游戏 , 生活视频流媒体服务 , 最近感谢最近的一点hibau小狗 , 只是公布了水刷 , 一个新的白标流游视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:acsocket、电路断路、dcjack、数字开关、dip开关、电子滤波器、滤波器、钩开关、关键开关、微开关、推开关等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他有10多年的数字媒体生产经历 , 工作视频 , 还有影像和声音 。 他旅行广泛 , 追求长期的社会和环境问题 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于castrol的评级历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳发动机性能在最常见的骑骑条件下增加的加速 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	国民平均的价格如阿拉斯加、加利福尼亚、连接和华盛顿国家 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米体系的小小小小 , 普通外界必须被视为强烈的领域 , 这使非线性反应十分重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可保护h2o2受伤内皮细胞 , 可能会在预防和治疗相关缺血再灌注的某些作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	讨论了利用头空气相色谱法测定1 , 4-二氧含量的方法 , 并讨论了头空间的因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	因此 , 服装了一个温暖的浪漫新家 , 温暖和流动婚姻床 , 自然成为优先的优先 , 传统的部门在床上 , 是如此搅拌的池塘 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	随着室内节点的基础和增加 , 依据其它生理现象的频率滤波效果来解释 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常使用特定的规则集合检查 , 您可能希望将它们结合在自己的规则文件中 , 如清单2所示 , 这个规则将进入基本、命名和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年2月14日 , 一名警察员们在东京的特别会议中编制了一个绿太空成员 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	结合现有食品市场的稳定出口 , 利用比较优势解决了我国食品的平衡和需求的问题 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	分析了高桥梁混凝土裂缝对高桥墩裂缝的类型和原因 , 并总结了预防措施 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为防止和解决贸易团体 , 必须扩大公民参与 , 改革政治结构 , 共同建设机制的兴趣 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北阴凤之外 , 六个绝对是寺庙 , 还有一些强大的dwell , 其他高山河 , 地狱运动了十个宫殿绅士 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的研究机器人csr-2在急性控制放射频率无线性神经炎的临床价值及临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称.gold.pece在学习比例、比赛、标准和对称时 , 将粘土线和观看zany图像推出生命 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到油气和气体使它丰富 , 开始于1960年 , 这个小型 , 雕塑 , 胰胰岛素大小 , 大小的城镇 , 让孤独的城镇 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另外一个观点是 , 卡梅隆先生现在把它放在 " 革命主义者 " , 还有一个梯度主义者 " , 她的目标 , 通常没有广告 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	在1991年退休之后 , 他保持了一个低档档档档案 , 尽管他妻子们还是被他妻子所幸存的 , 高度宣称北京歌手janganging 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	根据研究表明 , 世界上最流行的网络网站、facebook、成员花了20.5亿分钟 , 每年的36% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	尤其是一名叫做samctmymuinuus的恶意批评 , 匿名anglican对手攻击了这些六名预防部长 , 但攻击了米尔顿 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个不知名的原因 , 有时候他向大规模的阿德米尔推动之后 , 他坐落在星球宇航局的皇家宫殿上 , 他帮助在精英帝国飞行员的训练中 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的进入形式和女性 , 星巴克从开放平衡和麦当劳的女性独立限制了女性 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子的电子将会出现最高的原子轨道 , 这是能量最高的 , 因为这将是最高的能量 , 因为这将是最小的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我爱的时候 , 坐在我的身边 , 当我身边的时候 , 我的眼睛滴下来 , 夜黑暗 , 风吹出灯笼 , 和云朵在星星上画了一下 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你们 , 希望谷歌搜索结果的业务总是很糟糕 , " 谷歌在博客邮件中写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	尼桑的首席创意官hironakamura说 , 这个研究室将会在中国和亚洲的产品竞争力 , 这里汽车行业继续看到鲁棒的增长 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当你使用这个元素时 , 请仔细打开颈部和皮质10毫升到250毫升的数量标志 , 并带来纯化水量的积累 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不再能看到只有皮格银行 , " 凯文·莱恩说 , 阿罗萨克逊历史上的一位机构与员工的财政任务相信 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过分析不同的超声衰退过程 , 推导了重量超声生产率和最终极极极化的一般公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数当地审美学用临床上是相对水理分子 , 这些分子通过扩散或通过细胞膜融合到钠通道上的阻塞网站 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81次加强钢筋纤维试验 , 测定了加强钢筋纤维增强sc梁的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	这个网站还使用了开源博客服务器apacherollerwebloger版本4.0.0.0.12 , msqltm数据库服务器 , 以及memmmimimisqm数据库服务器 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	比萨尔望着600米高的建筑 , 自我足够的水和能量 , 被贝尔吉亚设计师维奇·卡尔巴特认为 , 并将根据纽约罗斯福岛的罗斯福岛 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 箱子 " 仍然坚持这个熟悉的院子 , 以解决水中的出现 , 更好地告诉大家本产品和瑜伽饮料一起 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	鉴于其对慢性日常头痛或张力头痛的影响 , 鲍特林姆似乎是前列腺的吸引剂 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母行为被放置在重量规模的侧边 , 那么你决定你在建立健康自尊vs 。
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	他说: " 时代是当地政府的最大的问题 , 中央政府的总体原则是当地政府的特定标准 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法避免 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	上面的这个虚拟分子图像显示了哥拉拉多河在数百万年里创造的分形模式 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 未受过的石头石头跟踪鲸类似的狗狗预处理器 , 遗传分析发现鲸鱼的亲近生活相对较密切 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维组织图案从加强混凝土中构建 , 每个课堂或工作室占据不同的卷 , 允许整个院子看到环境 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	" 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " , 二十世纪末期发展的 " 哲学咨询运动 " 受到人们的影响 , 成为全球化时代的出现学科 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的封锁相比 , 标准封锁使人们能够在标准数码模式编写邮件代码和邮件工作人员提高信件排序效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规格的水珠、南阳珠、新鲜水珠、半孔松珠、3/4松珠珠珠珠珠和完成珠宝 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高建筑师设计的技术、生态、效率和经济轨道资源负责和责任 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	本文在大规模波孔数据的基础上 , 分析了中侏罗煤层分布特征、煤层特性、煤层性、煤层组合期 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	作为一个例子 , 应用最大轨迹优化对二阶球导弹进行两阶段的优化 , 并提出了一种比较原始和优化轨迹的比较 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开源项目的基本原因 , 没有关闭的资源密封部分技术 , 就是我们没有兴趣销售或支持它 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	一些物种在洪水季间被洪水淹没 , 只有一些高度的草地生存 , 它们的主要物种属于粒子和星期 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	他们拿着头的每个人都拿到了他的剑 , 所以他们一起下来 , 所以他们一起倒下来:那个地方叫做赫尔卡哈兹姆 , 这是吉比昂的 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述一系列神经外科医生在 " 内血管时期治疗不断破坏的病人 。 "
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	政府和农村的公共货物的不均衡已经成为城市和农村地区的深层原因 , 影响城市和农村地区的差距 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	运用液压液压液压液压液压液压系统进行权利和侧向运行 , 指出了原始液压系统存在的问题 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 因此 , 外国批评家们将在今天的数据和争论更强的uan收入 , " 香港经济学家bnimpendorfer说 。
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行银行的比例是9月底的健康1.6% , 而且在9月底 , 其他的四大银行比例下降了 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于分散和滤波后注射算法的新算法 , 以估计广泛适应中心散射中心的isotropy算法 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我是北达科塔的一个孩子在北达科塔的时候 , 我母亲为她的五个孩子烹饪袋子 , 当她做了 , 她把热带从锅里拿出来 , 把他们放在纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于排放温度、完成铣削和涂料在热轧厂实践中的影响 , 规划单位和表面级之间的约束 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一家9亿美元的法律评估员hsbc两次雇佣kpmg , 一个会计公司探讨madof先生 , 但当银行担心时 , 银行不会行失败行行 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	除了等着伦敦的消息 , 还是从母亲走出一些爱和嫉妒的国家悲剧 , 在这里 , 整个故事在他之前 , 整个故事都是懒惰的 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟的业务 , 他去八月 , 一百英里的萨瓦纳纳河 , 他已经旅游到了这座城市的旧城镇 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	陕西省农药病毒病毒的调查和鉴定结果表明 , cmv、电视、电视、电视、电视、电视和bbbwv的一部分是混合感染的一部分 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	在19世纪的拉克斯条件下 , 一位马菲亚上帝报道 , 他与冠军和洛布斯一起庆祝他的生日 , 已经赢得了 " 祖国酒店 " 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997年行政安全基金 " 自1997.111年执行 " , 我国安全基金已经迅速发展 , 获得了较好的结果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	印度东部的一个城镇 , 于1610年建立在他皇帝皇家的马索罗斯um附近 。 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主要的课程选项外 , 波尼俱乐部提供了一种反映中海和海鲜食品影响的任务 , 例如oyster、salmon和prawnfritter 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另外一个见证人 , 耶里没有给他最后一个名字 , 告诉俄罗斯州的第一个通道电视说 , 震波很强 , 足以使他扔到地板上 , 把他的帽子吹去 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列人说 , 军队在袭击之后只使用他们的手枪 , 并且发布了一名警察的军队 , 从直升机到一个直升机的男子和俱乐部的军队 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	利用9种生态类型的59个日本水稻线 , 分析了f1混合物的主要质量特征 , 建立了303组交叉组合的主要品质 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	俄罗斯自由 , 印度工作的一个人士学家们发现 , 印度家庭生活在查德加拉的公寓里 , 用曲线分离男性和女性的空间 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了理解问题外 , 谁的心理健康和物质滥用 , 谢哈哈尔萨克森纳说 , 低收入国家有很少的心理健康专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言相对合并的问题通常会变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员确定为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	白人学生作为一个研究参与者对黑人参与者的评论 , 他简单地留下房间时 , 显示出来自极端种族丑闻 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论只有超级脂肪的性能及在腹部灌注中的橡胶干燥是一种简单有效的防止脂肪作用的方法 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响氧供氧和氧需求在不同的npt的重要因素 , 但在温暖时期的脑部失衡需要特殊关注 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京日报称 , 北京警方预计将在国内暴力交流 , 作为法律师穆尔将对妇女权利保护和利益保护法律的建议 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 大豆饮食纤维胆囊加工技术明显提高 , 确定了大豆饮食纤维胆囊的加工范围 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	菲希腊银行在欧洲东南部和土耳其增加了多元化的运作 , 但这来自于更多挥发经济 , 一些经济也经历了衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河道追踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀登和面向的岩石 , 游戏中很多技能 , 游戏团队只有其个人成员 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	bilberry是蓝莓与其黑色紫色的密切相关 , 自然包含乙醇 , 帮助支持健康的眼功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	毫无疑问:微软与windows7.甚至在beta形式的手上有一场撞击 , 公司的新桌面os正在收集从博客角落的所有角落中收集 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	疲惫的答案 , 比如 " 我是一个艰难的工人 " , 我是由新机会学习 " 工作采访 " 的新机会 , 你应该考虑奥德球问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	台州农业研究院浙江省林海市林海种子站开发的新型柴油混合水稻组合 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们要问问题 , 带s2作为给出 , s1最大化了这个表达和温格曼说 , 我要分化 , 然后我将设置等于0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他主要的地方移动齿轮 , 周四在大学准备进入考试人力资源毕业生的第四年 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺陷是心理描述的 , 可以在行动、rub描述的作用下 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 本文也会看起来更多的vivid 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一家专业的电缆制造商 , 国王信号的产品主要服务移动通信、数字微波通信、航空、多媒体和军事 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	第五章探讨了tsim沙沙海路的文化融化融化池 , 建立另一部香港电影 , " 昆明表达 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 主题生命标志稳定 , 代谢支持明显 , 表明我们建立的生物官方肝支持系统是安全、稳定、效率的 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在左边 , 缺乏可见性 , 激励公司的真正计划意味着改变努力将永远不能实现政策制造商的成功 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	湿磷酸净化萃取方法包括:第一步 , 利用热水浸出和提取有机溶剂 , 然后空气热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	我们大多数产品设计是以16世纪欧洲和其他eras为基础的古典线 , 可以修改并结合个体客户的欲望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	蔡元北是一个伟大的思想家 , 教育家和革命家 , 从他的思想、言行为、行为等方面 , 我们可以知道他的伟大思维 , 哲学家的角色和伟大的男性 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	河水湖开发生态旅游的优势是环境、植物、野生动物、历史和文化的优势 , 我们也必须注意到一些问题 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双品牌rna生产后遗传基因丝绸技术 , 改变油植物中的主要脂肪酸相对比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据周一报道 , 中国继续成为世界第二大经济 , 与日本1.42万亿美元的gdp相比 , 相比日本的1.37亿美元 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	民族反恐委员会称 , 特别军队死亡了2名军事和拘留 , 并且在莫斯科郊外的一座城镇中被拘留了第三个人 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果用隧道染色和电子显微镜观察了一种典型的移动元素凋亡的形态变化模式 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:分类164名患者 , 携带康复教育、心理咨询会谈娱乐活动和各种心理支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 分析赵永明诗歌写作意义 , 证明了诗歌的原因 , 实现了女性角度的原因 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行迫使贷款贷款向贫困国家的财政部长们担心薪酬困难、急救失业和后果的内部失业困难 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以在大程度上沉积在目标区 , 结果表明 , 非目标区的密度可明显降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	经过多个角度的运动缓慢的运动反馈证据 , 风格的离路已经不会迅速 , 他准备准备对niu卡进行探讨 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	四江流域水污染主要来源于国内废水 , 然后非点源污染也是重要的 , 产业污染也有很少贡献 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文尝试通过对儒家、道主义、穆罕主义、穆罕主义等思维影响分析军事主义思想的文化根源 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一种修复组织代表水平、平滑和平滑的组织 , 周围土载体的胆囊细胞更成熟 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	探讨椎体和肺脂血栓的关系 , 水泥注射速度和pmma泄漏的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	2007年8月12日 , 巴基系统展示了国家防御工业协会的原型通用模块电力系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国冶金集团访问了一家铜矿的地点 , 一位前qaqaleda强势南卡伯尔东南部的铜矿地 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态远远 , 快速的治疗速度快 , 健康的皮肤细胞与前面的3倍非acid皮肤精制剂的表面 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	如何冷却的欢迎高级冰绿色的玻璃在沙迪房间里 , 向头环绕着颜色和外面的圆形 , 阳光的圆形是海外的圆形 , 沿着尘埃的路燃烧 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿下面报道了利比亚反叛运动的分裂 , 并且她说她是第一个 " 纳塔联盟 " 提供军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	路透lbj的 " 大社会 " 等时候 , 一个 " 自由 " 的 " 自由 " 的人声称荣耀财政 , 支出其他人民币 " 自由 " 的钱 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	由微软基金会创建的保罗·艾伦 , 自2003年开始以来 , 所有的研究所组成了一个较小的人脑大脑 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦人说: " 日末 , 设立和平是两个平行轨道 , 以色列不能设定和平 。 "
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇人说 , " 世界上只有一个途径 , 很难你永远不会重新退休他们 , 你一定要沉默地为二十年 , 不要说不要笑 。
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	开放的山羊欢迎所有的商人参加全民主、自主、热爱和潜在的生活改革 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	今天公布的第三个房子研究表明 , 非法的房子在卡梅隆、印尼亚和巴西亚的亚马逊之间降低了50%和75% ;
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺一起保持更好或更糟糕的人 , 为了更糟糕的病人 , 病人和健康 , 荣誉和珍惜 , 迫使我们死亡 , 直到死亡 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京 , 17年1月17日 , 15日中午的时候 , 新华 , 匈牙利首都预算 , 一个人群的奥斯科·尼克莱布站起来 , 杀死了三个妇女死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	如果你选择雇佣移民代表的移民代表 , 检查cic的web页面的移民代表 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学的实践特征包括内在批评与建设方向 , 是基本解决的实践解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究的系统不仅能显示文件和故障 , 而且可以应用gis函数 , 分析自动生成地质概率和断裂的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	本文从新视角提出了一种基于遥感图像的多个特征分析方法 , 以克服pixel分析方法的限制 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会进入汽车增长峰期 , 汽车主人在车上花费更多时间 , 从汽车到危险人民健康不能忽视 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph辐射扫描活动、减少功率、总磷化合物的量、抑制氢基辐射和超氧离子辐射o的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , 卡波特还介绍了中国先进的产品 , 包括主袋、导化合物、墨墨油颜色、气凝和特殊钻井流体 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但是 , 可以一个聪明的网格或精密的农场 , 机器互相信息 , 使后来决定 , 显著减少能源使用 , 因此 , 温室气体污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	这个任务 " 发现和视图病人记录 " 可能是大多数组织使用的 , 而且 , 任务 " 创建和更新病人记录 " 的任务只是通过承认和前台员工使用 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	采用结构光源的范围检测技术的主要缺点是 , 不能通过光源来获得无视的点数据 , 或者不能被光源照射 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件dc.toc.xml被引用为该插件的内容表 , 这个文件将为eclipse左部的层次信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	提出了许多隐私保存数据挖掘算法 , 包括联系规则、分类、集群等 , 但几种算法都是外观检测的 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女人和男人在很多简单的任务中工作 , 例如搜索关键或做数学问题时 , 女性明显地表现出男人 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	埃多先生在129年法律制造商的支持下 , 联合奥萨瓦先生选举对韩国党领袖的任命 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改善路由免疫:合伙关系集中在减少政治和措施等疾病中 , 同时也有助于建立更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	美国西非联盟的发言人 , gbabagbo的出口是非可谈判的 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育不可能是本职业的必要性 , 但你可以在门上获得足够的进步 , 更好地跟基本的培训在汽车和柴油技术项目的前景 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了替换健身金牌 , 请通过区域休闲服务办公室或运动中心提交卡表格 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	达中宝峰 " 大西班牙和更多的粮食、肉、厚皮肤丰富、丰富的颜色、丰富的香味 , 丰富的香味丰富 , 丰富的香味 , 丰富的 " 中国名法 " 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:回顾天津10所医院呼吸室感染的253例aecb菌的临床资料和抗生素耐药性 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	本文简要介绍了水性表面的原理和药物降低原理 , 简要综述了近年来水性表面制备的新途径和最近进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效率和准确分类已经提高了二次磨削效率的磨削效率 , 因此提高了321的runof矿输入 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我正在寻找一个 " 外出 " 的时候 , 我是个灵活的女儿 , 他现在已经有5个月了 。
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	另外 , 清洗技术可以使用无针塑料同步洗牙和中压水的水压水或软洗涤 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	目前的美元标志教授总是宣布最新的革命管理技术或发现最热门的新 " supercorp " 的出生 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	周二的瑞典人士在一份报告显示 , 8月美国制造业的报告显示 , 为了在一年一半的第一次扩张 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	伯克利大学建筑系建筑系主席玛丽·莱莱利奥说: " 建筑师是最乐观的专业性 , 是伯克利大学的40%的上升 。 "
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	该设计由法国建筑师jacqusrougerie拍摄 , 一个基于水基建筑项目的兽医师 , 并被联合国文化机构联合回来 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放的开放空间 , 四位创始人在桌子中间的桌子里 , 年轻人站在屏幕上 , 四个是samyagan , c.o ;
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 , 运用matlab软件分析了自适应梁变形和ada的服务算法 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	每个lcs无人表面汽车的通信设备包和两个双重单元被指定为通信设备包的一部分 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 律师捐赠了所有的负面、专辑、摄像机和个人对法国国家的负面 , 从这些照片和文本中发现了一个外部和优雅的生活故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	在阿尔蒂德 , 空气压降低 , 所以气动力学效果如拖拉和升高 , 最终导致球体运动速度快 , 直径比下降 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	世界股票 , 由msci测量 , 本周高达51/2周 , 将近一年的呼吸点移动 , 因为投资者将数十亿美元的现金价值得工作 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	全面介绍和具体分析是关于内容、组织、组织和演讲内容、编译学生的运动和教师手册的概念、结构、选择、组织和表现 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你太高兴让房子的限制 , 没有插入电话 , 锁定门 , 把整个星期的整个星期末 , 完全没有什么事情 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	与李国一样 , 亚洲早期的一位内在亚洲 , 犹太人保持了中国风格官僚制定他们的后果和部落状态来规定内亚 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 它感觉就像你一样熟悉的熟悉 , 比如在穆达达达达达拉烹饪一只柠檬菜 , 还有一个熟悉的周围的陌生感觉 , 比如东京今晚 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林峡谷密切的增加 , 平均高和直径也增加 , 但单位区数量减少 , 改变了更新的采样变化 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含人皮肤异常反应、非毒、无毒、无味、左、右gm的任何自然乳液组分 , 可持久、良好的粘附 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	卡梅里塔蒙蒂尔 , 一个二十岁的维吉恩 , 只是在橙色的水里洗澡 , 正在把玫瑰叶放在皮尔内拉的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们在@toprank中使用这样的工具来增长自己的twitter出现 , 以及每天基础上的客户 , 并且学习了很多关于twitter最好的实践和工具最好的工作 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以生成特异免疫反应 , 主要通过活化肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤特异性抗原 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	由icecreamcons和瓶水到电灯、汽车和航空公司引起了大量的生命转换发明 , 通过成功曝光来引起公众关注 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月晚些时候 , si发表了他的指控 , 这是中国研究社区的著名研究社区 , 为了暴露伪科学和学术导弹 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	hcvvvv特定的cd8细胞反应准备在急性hccvv感染患者无论病毒结果或病毒特定的cd4t细胞反应 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我也感谢布鲁斯先生的家庭为他们的全心支持 。 李先生的窗户 , 林达先生 , 个人帮助准备一个前居民的布局计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	现金先前的solo努力包括2005年的专门感谢.........最特殊的选择 " , 后来 " 疲倦 " , 但他最新的打击 , " 这是我 " 标记 " 的第一个正确的专辑 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市中 , 运动模块已经从当地政府中取得了稳定的概念 , 作为建立他们足球、篮球、篮球和篮球法兰的价格 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于猪肉是陶瓷 , 所以玻璃类似 , 它的表面平滑 , 不像老债券材料一样 , 不会留下咖啡 , 茶 , 红酒或烟雾 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉范·泰格伦设计是澳大利亚国际采购商 , 需要购买纺织材料和织物、家具、家具、纺织、陶瓷、陶瓷等类别 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重的绝对增长、前肢体重、身体长、前肢长、后肢长、后肢长、刷长、第三个长度呈正常分布模式 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	西班牙、西班牙、意大利和希腊人似乎是古老的文化稳定形式 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式还参加国务院王智华、王锦涛、美国副总裁乔布登、国务卿克林顿等工作人员 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	兰明的思想陈伦敦传统的心理治疗观点 , 让人们查询这些基本假设 , 规定他们的生活和思想 , 离开心理实践的标志 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰莱德罗格里米兰对米兰的官方网站发表讲话: " 是对米兰的比赛 , 但现在我在iena上赢得这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	测试结果表明 , 在stca前2年产生的模型预测了95.8%的内部样本和93.3%的内部样本和9.5% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	他说: " 这个预算比1789年全国的债务更多的债务 , 乔治华盛顿总统 , 通过弗兰克林·罗斯福和林登·约翰逊和乔治·布什说 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	奥运会武装了一个 , 看到你的宏伟的脸和眼睛 , 手臂 , 腿 , 脚 , 手臂 , 脚 , 手臂 , 手臂和手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手指指指指指指指指指指指指指指指指指指挥牙齿 ;
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	它还拥有高级教师 , 包括一名国家关键教师冠军 , 两名北京关键教师冠军 , 六名和厦门关键教师冠军 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	采用vti媒体的宏观速度模型与当前速度估计方法一致 , 同时可以同时符合异性、弱异性和强烈的异性 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , 在表达水平或活动相关的ptp1b相对的任何变化可能会影响胰岛素签名并且可能对胰岛素抵抗观察到的胰岛素抵抗 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国队长阿里斯托尔·达里尔和他的总理红色分配箱子有机会 , 因为他离开11号街下 , 路径将每年的预算送给普通的房子 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	通过mt检测 , 测定了nk细胞的杀死活性 , 并用直接免疫荧光法测定了spleen细胞的增殖率 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园可能是雅洛德房子 , 真正的湖泊 , 全部设备高端家具 , 所有礼物 , 礼物 , 土地交流类型好 , 沟通丰富的诺贝尔气体 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在精子和卵巢中 , 证实钙信号在一系列复杂的过程中具有重要作用:收集、环氧化反应、卵化、肥化、胚胎清洁等 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南龙选择质量的猪肉菜 , 添加了新鲜鸡蛋的比例 , 纯慕南淀粉 , 姜和小粒的海洋油 , 搅拌进垃圾 , 进入垃圾中 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	突尼西亚的选举和前利比亚领导人穆拉姆·卡扎菲的戏剧演讲已经推动了伊朗赞助的情景的认定 , 以估计沙特省份华盛顿 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icbbtv是上海媒体广播有限公司开发的一款新型广播电视客户 , 这让人们看到ic、生活和vod的编辑程序 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 埃塞俄比亚南部的一个城镇阿马拉 , 皇帝墨尼克决定在意大利人民在1896年击败伊塞俄比亚独立的认可 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是 , 在这个例子中 , 只有你才能认识到 , 有些更多的思想和智能运动 , 我不会说智能设计 , 智能设计 , 你可以解决这个问题 , 正确的解决这个问题 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体周二报道 , 4月7日 , 罗马人死亡了至少150人 , 伤亡了1500人 , 500人 , 离开了70万无家的地震 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事官说 , 摧毁者的航行员 , 编码ddg-169武汉 , 完整运行完整的运动重点关注快速反应、检查和模拟攻击 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗在所有这些事情中的消息是 , 我没有做任何错误的事情 , 我只是在这里得到法律 , 我在这里为我服务我的民族传统 , 为了尊敬我的民族和民族群体的传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	像以前的攻击一样 , 星期三在香港忙碌的北点区的事故涉及了腐蚀的液体显然扔进一个附近的高层建筑区的广泛购物区 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	业务水平最终由集团需求决定 , 集团需求是由中央银行认为经济不能承担 , 而且不要嫉妒稳定的价格 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究对象吃蔬菜整个食物 , 每周有10%的脂肪 , 走了30分钟 , 六分钟 , 使用压力诱导技术 , 并且每周支持组 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街道站着合理 , 各种手工工工艺南方 , 木雕雕刻图 , 森林鸟 , 花 , 花 , 形状生命类似 , 游客购物 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究的目的是描述正常台湾成年人正常pinch强度的规范 , 并探讨了年龄、性别、重、重量、数字长度对pinch强度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州高速公路104个国家公路 , 北京铁路通过北部和南方运行 , 因为古代 " fdbwa三号 " 九省彻底法案 " 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年和1970年代 , 汽车组装以来最高的火箭出现在汽车组装之后 , 由于大约363英尺的卫星v火箭 , 用来启动阿波罗宇航员到月球和月球 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何在远山区居住的妇女如何知道阴阳鱼 , 汉文化的典型象征标志标志 , 体现了云阳哲学的所谓 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生表示 , 周二和周二 , 学生在大学管理建筑外保持和平的示威 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严肃运行17届cpc国家国会精神 , 致力于抗腐工作 , 干净和诚实的政府建设 , 96 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日电---------------------2005年2月6日 , 商务部发布了 " 数千名农村村村村 " 的商务部门 " 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	samsungnx10运动了一个大型3.0的电子屏幕的专家 , 将远程明亮和更清晰的lcd屏幕 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能导致波尔冰洞融化 , 迫使人类生活在凯文·费尔或b) 海湾流道停止 , 使纽约市变成巨大的冰川 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险微化原理 , 研究了误差penalty参数c和核心参数对支持矢量机的影响 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过完整的句子的分析和整个句子的概率逻辑系统 , 具有良好的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的路径上 , 基督徒打击 , 一个极端主义者 , 显示 , " 当时游戏家平台了总统 , 他们成为法庭顾客 , 以及国家成为巴纳共和国 。 "
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	随着詹姆elbelhaj的总经理 , 唐尼亚公债总监说 , " 这是我们保持固定和浮动率债务的重要组合 , 是管理我们的债务服务成本 。
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	设计访问电子控制和诊断系统 , 例如引擎、柴油泵、齿轮、刹车、asd、sr、sr、srs、电屋控制、dashpael和/加热等 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	律师的协会应当根据律师法律法、律师协会、律师职业规定执行专业自我规定 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	老年悲剧患者的循环功能可能主要是因为低血压引起的主要原因 , 但对心脏不足有必要的鉴别 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们在社会和情绪学习中谈到五个核心竞争力 " , " 自我意识、自我管理、社会意识、关系技能和责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理、水净化、水洗、水洗、水洗、洗涤、洗涤机、洗涤设备 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了一种基于ullcouuuuupler的oadm的基本原理和仿真方法 , 尤其是在ybranch结构的交叉谈中 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治·布什正常在床上 , 托马斯·爱迪斯松 , 纳波伦 , 康罗马萨大米 , 他在4.30米里醒来 , 最严肃的海明威是拉克斯的 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	结论:用酸和碱水解、氨基酸分析和tg法形成了某些介质交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 并将联合国在某些传统武器的协议上签署协议 " , 协议为集群武器提供立法 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 基于经济价值 , 这些损失将进一步800亿美元到900亿美元 , 将总债损失1.7亿美元 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	苏pachachai的评论是周五的美国代表家星期五的评论 , 预计将再次投票700亿美元的保险计划 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可人希望向许可证人协议的申请人承认 , 并且许可证人要求从许可证人、非签署、地理检索许可证人 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	根据发酵瑜伽小时 , 我们将新鲜牛奶作为原料添加稳定剂 , 蜂蜜 , 糖进入其中 , 以生产水果香味的细菌 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	诗人亚尼斯·里斯斯曾经称之为蒙默瓦斯 " 一艘石头船 " , 而那些曾经访问过 " 废墟 " , 沙拉----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种发生时 , 胰岛产生更多的量来补偿胰岛素 , 与胰岛素有关 , 血液中胰岛素的高水平与癌症有关 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	本专利支持公式 , 艾迪伦包含有效的临床证明自然成分的临床证明了5个男性激素调制的临床成分 , 以解决男性激素调制的临床阶段 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行资源表示 , 虽然全部采取被看作是一家伸展的公司 , 但一些公司可能会在亚洲举行hp竞争 , 例如中国莱诺夫集团有限公司和台湾的公司说 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	本文讨论了农业结构调整的必要性和思考 , 依据西安农业现状的调查和分析 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单个基本模式垂直性表面承认激光潜在的应用 , 如光网、光网、光网、光电存储和激光印刷等 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年的支出减少了1.3% , 在国防部推荐德国近几个军基地 , 并削减了250万到18万的军队数量 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	秦林是新颖的 , 重量对她来说很好 , 但她对他人的眼睛有假设 , </p><qiqulin去了董事 , 坚持自己 , 直接欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	2008年第四季度的增长数字显然很清楚 , 大多数分析师留下的努力 , 他们正在努力解决世界第三大经济发生的事情 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全国全面的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的破产法 , 应该重新改善当前银行法律缺乏个人破产的缺陷 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过仿真和改进 , 得到了较准确的实验数据 , 得到了亚氨酸多米辐射的准确度曲线 , 最后得到了线性系数为0.995 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累答案 , 但因为我被提取 , x只是要保持x更多的负面 , 再次就会进入无限循环 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	约翰伯登 , 副总统乔布登回应今天与nbc采访的共和党护照 , " 我听到了很多批评 , 但我从来没有听到任何事情 。
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一个独特的环境 , 山区有艰难的生活形式 , 然而 , 挑战提供了适应和进化的必要动机 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 它可以帮助实验制造葡萄糖血浆 , 具有理想的de值 , 能明显减少实验、节省人力资源、时间和时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 所有的事情都考虑主持罗伯特·斯格尔问安东尼卡内瓦 , 乔治敦大学中心教育和工作中心的主任 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个person的业务 , 邀请你们的花费或意义 , 信任的朋友们知道你的业务 , 如果你可以实现小时的费用账户或帐户 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国的能源风险让国家在达到 " 高峰煤的危险时 , 要求煤的需求将导致国内生产能力 , 增长的专家相信 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了雕塑陶瓷作品 , 虽然抽象在天然世界中 , 但简单的曲线和缺陷形式探索生物形态和结构增长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节约计划是在孩子年轻时期的一个非常积极的资产组合中管理的 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中期和晚期粉末粉末 , 成熟的果实与小绿、高淀粉、高质量、适合冻结的处理或粗糙粉末 , 种植于春季 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国有4000家公司 , 根据百度的签署了第一季度暴露的资金签署 , 客户数量为百度广告 , 只有16万1万家 , 只有1.4%的持有公司总额 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	越来越多的想法 , 观看雅虎开发商网络采访的采访 , nyt的桌面已经得到了frid , 高级软件架构师在开幕后面的时候打开 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在icrp1990年建议 , 提出一种新的重量因素 , 用于取代吸收剂量的质量因素q来改善吸收剂量平均 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	描述了连续演讲信号的最大幅度的标记pitch算法 , 该算法是基于全球关闭实时的基础 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	利物浦总统在昨晚八场比赛前六场比赛中 , 利物浦经理声称他是 " 百分之100% " 的球队将开始攀登桌子 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这个技术来对目标gm植物的时候 , 我们只能简单地识别并杀死通用植物所释放的gm应变 , " 她告诉scidev 。
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上拖出床上 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " 比尔选择一位联系心理3教授 , 以及研究的作者bill说 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	虽然许多人继续识别黑色眼睛 , 但佐勒说 , 听众从来没有真正的出现风格 , 而且只要太重了 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	上海、深圳、广州和广州移动到12、22nd和23rd分别 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	结果 , 即使选项更容易使用静态vxml文件 , 即使选项提供灵活性、反应性和扩展性 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然卡尼瓦 , 党的生活 , 后来我们的情绪 , 聪明触摸心 , 重新鲜明心 , 强烈的海洋带来多样的味道 , 突然生活合理 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata , 另一家大型矿业公司 , 支持在多米尼克尔共和国的运作 , 转换它的电力供应 , 而且比在煤上运行更昂贵 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据重要价值 , 北京武陵山自然保护植物可分为3种植物类型、5种植物类型、42种、139个协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的事情 , 因为如果你在宇宙直径附近的答案 , 那么你会知道你可能会做错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2010年1月15日 , 美国航天卫星上的先进空间的热排放和反射辐射器在nasa卫星上捕获这些虚拟分子图像 , 并于2003年1月21月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	由于染色体基因组的积累信息积累资料、转录原子和蛋白质的积累信息 , 需要深入理解单分子的作用 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死海矿物改善皮肤细胞代谢 , 减少肌肉裂缝和稳定性 , 保护身体对流体损失和平衡酸碱水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司的研发人员对硬化、正常化、温度、温度、中温淬火、现金带炉淬火、水泥、水泥、时间冻结、高温处理等进行了研究 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	海洋化工工程系 , 南东华大学张海和刘海fe ; 国家重点实验室改造化纤和聚合物材料 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约:nasau县警察星期五在黑色最佳购买电子商店外 , 标志着五家购物季节的传统开始 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国帮助者罗丹尼的志愿者 , 感谢低收入家庭的感谢箱子 , 他将会自身喂养他的四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 吴圳有一种保健能源 , " 今年剧院的艺术主任 , " 在内容和预算方面 , 他们给我们完全自由 。
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	在欣赏展览之后 , 科尔先生买了几种类型的南约venir在购买图片的业务上 , 向主人作品展示感情 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	分析了纤维级pt芯片的发现结果 , 从内部粘度、死乙烯glycol含量、熔结点、羧基端组、聚合粒子、聚合粒子和粉末等方面对纤维素进行了分析 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在儿子的眼睛里 , 丰富的兄弟们正在加入美丽的眼睛 , 简洁的脸上发出了光线 , 显示人们心脏结合完美的生物精神 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 元石皇帝库布莱在联合国战争结束之后 , 一旦向南方解决城市墙后 , 严格禁止修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在肾脏疾病小管和皮质细胞中发现的 , 血管和全球性囊肿的表达 , 但在移植动动脉中的igf1表达均匀 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	朱莉·詹森说: " 十一岁的人们是 " , 职业主教练和作者 " 我不知道我想要的东西 , 但我知道这不知道 , " 我告诉我的客户不要强调他们的薪水 " 。
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	任何水平的政府预算包括政府在低水平和收入下降的政府收入的收入 , 以及政府在高水平上拒绝或补贴 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	也许你可能有一些愉快的 , 令人惊讶的小时 , 甚至在贫穷的房子里 , 设定阳光的窗口反映出来自丰富的男人上方的窗口 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少有20名当地马达拉斯的学生已经失望了 , 大多数可能在阿富汗加入战斗 , 而塔利班后者甚至试图阻止传统的音乐和舞蹈 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据中医学院诊断和程度的标准 , 选择81例中医学院复发分支的诊断和程度 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这是基于aix5.3的变化 , 当你不再需要改变严格的ctmaxclient , 增加无firee和maxperm和maxclient 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	cboe电视指数或维克斯.维克斯 , 华尔街所谓的恐惧标志 , 尽管早些时候股市下跌 , 尽管商人看到的很少原因购买保护 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教议会议会议于1999年在澳大利亚坎普镇组织会议 , 南非 ; 2004年在巴塞罗那州 , 西班牙 , 下一次是2009年在澳大利亚设立的 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在击败北美洲的尾巴赛季的尾巴结束 , 可能是病毒可能会出现并恢复下一个秋天 , 但这让我们准备好 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	拉米奥德周六练习后说: " 每个比赛都是很好的 。 " 因此我们下了10分钟 , 剩下了六分钟 , 我们知道我们可以回来 , 赢得这场比赛 。 "
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , 建立和证明了tmcs的工作流程 , 进入公司客户系统的工作流程依赖于航空书籍和服务能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	在一份声明中 , 保守消防队的副总裁billsh说 , 保守消防队签署了多年的交易 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	国际社区在最近几个星期 , 估计500亿美元的投票 , 美国和美国政府官员在最近几个星期获得了完美的投票 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	他们补充说: " 因此 , 在设计研究中 , 要评估黄酮类食物、抗氧化剂活性和变性疾病之间的联系 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后我们还说 , 如果你看电子元素 , 电子稳定性和电子传输可以实现 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效地点和误差估计 , 提出了基于切比shev地图的公钥方案改善公钥方案 , 并提出了一个关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇、三甲醛、氨基醛和氨基酸制备了六种新型schiff基三聚合物 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带上了一些旧包的病例 , 打破厨房椅的座位 , 以及那种类型的东西 , 然后把它们传递到rafter到rafter上 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 可口可口可口可乐南太平洋广告称 " 母亲&mybus " , " 特色流行澳大利亚演员kerryarstr强和声称coidke是 " 孩子安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 人胚胎肺外交纤维细胞株kmb17细胞的恶性转化可能是由cofc诱导的 , 这可能有潜在的癌症 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光在单晶硅膜上生长 , 基于单晶硅膜或单晶硅硅薄膜的基础上 , 分离缓冲层 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私人二级学校不可能成功的情况 , 都有利于自己的环境 , 吸引高质量的学生来源 , 学校必须有高质量的学校 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论h2的表达状况与胃心肌癌有密切相关 , 她2的阳性表达是胃心腺癌的重要前景指标 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpccrcr4mrna的表达及cxcr4表面表达的表达检测 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	纽约基于约的寿命保险人增加了15.5亿美元的美国生活保险公司的资本 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	如groovy或ruby这样的语言脚本更容易阅读 , 更容易关闭 , 封装代码 , 以及构建脚本更好 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马的秋季并没有摧毁了罗马天主教堂最重要的文化和重要的方面 , 罗马天主教堂 , 这仍然是新文化的中心事实 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西利先生 , 他领导了杜普 , 最大的联盟主义党是一位80岁的抗议员克莱 , 他曾经花费了他的生命宣布与共和党领导人相关的想法 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	美国婴儿体育者正在流入退休 ; 在欧洲市场绿化 ; 印度和中国大量的大学生大量的高质量候选人数 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年 , 尼古尔电影《创世纪74年》是基于投资者的内在土地gab的基础上 , 比特水域战争了1930年代的水电和电源部门 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	利用gb/t19230.62003指定的m11发动机测试台 , 研究了不同油在空气输入阀和燃烧室中的作用 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果数百名海地人能够迁移 , 这些海地人 , 荷兰或萨尔沃达人数的数字建议 , 海地的承诺将给海地经济带来巨大和持续的困难 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记住中国拒绝对日本的旅游趋势 , 并且保持三分之三的日军力量 , 防止他们被转移到其他合作力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我觉得我甚至说 , 尽管我不会在家里直接赚到巨大的金融输入 , 志愿者工作 , 尽管有些人能做到这样做 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回大气越来越多 , </p><p>11周老雨 , 然后一起吃 , 两个人在老周觉得好信号 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	相对新的竞选团体 , 如英国联合传统政治参加 , 包括贸易联合会 , 以及一个坚定的 , 绿色和草根团体 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	平北地区的平衡温度特征是双峰 , 这意味着两个水碳填充在平湖形成的储层中至少发生 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	这种流体太热 , 由于上奥多利亚古拉古气温增加了50°c , 至少有32次的碳酸盐岩的氢生成率增加 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	本文研究了高温蒸汽生产的高温蒸汽对绿茶含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧形轨迹的几何模型 , 并提出了其分析解决方案 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我看来 , 晚餐党可以加强朋友之间的友谊 , 但不会忘记我们不应该放弃别人的痛苦 , 而享受自己的喜欢 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	这座电影由12个透明橙色的橙色圆柱家制作出展览的各种功能:会议室、信息发布、食品站点、广告列等 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中海文化的礼物 , 全球文化大使最后将在印度海洋美丽的阿加拉哥国家海洋海洋海洋海洋基地举行 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业馆近城市文明馆 , 日本一直关注世界博览会 , 确保不会失望你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧和东欧、澳大利亚、中东、东南亚和美国 , 我们每月都有规定的船舶 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三十五十二条选项合同的有限订单可能会立即执行订单 , 或者必须立即执行完整或其他的订单 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的忠诚对他的主权 , 江蒙珠是一首诗人、学者和著名部长 , 相信在韩国和西缅朝时期的儒家 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	女性的或女孩的适合 , 配合 , 夹克 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裤子 , 裤子 , 活动 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部和短短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	拥有 " 大意识 " 的商业正在绘制彩色地球的声音 , 作为好的信仰者或描述未来的蓝色印刷的描述 , 或指出未来的一代maz ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	结果发现 , gekogekogecko可能改善患者的卵巢功能 , 血管功能障碍 , 静脉干扰等 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的通过电镜检查和访问神经检查 , 阐述了脑血管损伤的机制和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	结合一些项目示例 , 计算了桥梁可导航宽度的计算和分析 , 并提出了几个建议实现当前导航标准的实现方法 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这个乌拉队中有一个惊讶的离开 , 马西·佩西拉的伤病时候 , 最后一分钟的比赛转变为威尔兰的守卫时代 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月27日 , 华盛顿出生的波普歌手玛丽娅·凯莉出生于1970年3月27日出生 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地军队平静的利亚官 , 警告司机们 , 如果他们的旗帜飞行 , 他们就会面对失败 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 六天的战争记忆 , 以色列新鲜的阿拉伯思维 , 他因为一位犹太女子、巴布拉·斯斯雷斯斯和电影的女孩亲吻了四个女孩 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄远处于远处 , 乔格通过软绿谷的溪流 , 所有关于海洋的知识小于三年的暴风雨和激情 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品不仅表达了抑郁的历史和民间诗歌不稳定的灵魂 , 而且达到了当前事务的完美融合和文化的美学特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	2008年 , 帕丁森 , 由球迷们承认 , 他仍然在被用到法尼亚的球迷中 , 这是在2008年他第一次在第一次演出的 " 艾德华 " 电影中打败的 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	当危机不折叠和市场价值全部银行时 , 投资者看起来很便宜的股票 , 期望收益在18至24个月 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 进一步的武器切割 , 两者都希望 , 通过协议在2010年的电池核非增殖治疗 。
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年7月7日 , 西班牙的卡尔普莱尔在2010年世界杯杯半决赛中获得了进球 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	在恢复过程中增加信心的迹象中 , 福特说 , 它将开始在最近几个月内推动其库存水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街表示 , 总理戴维德·卡梅隆决定停止使用财政摄影师两个工资的个人摄影师 , 因此避免 " 公众释放错误信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自2010年2月电选总统以来 , 元库维奇先生在两个方向中移动 , 巩固个人权力 , 同时也追求经济集成 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 单杠液压前刹车 , 液压背包 , 阻止钢轮 , 来到红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在大电视屏幕前一天 , 伊丽莎白 , 42岁 , 她的父亲与她的24年正常每小时之后的24岁左右的时间和她的父亲一起交流 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐将提高185万美元的皇家公园 , 这为第二部电影提供的场景 , " 桥琼斯:原因的边缘 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自1956年英国独立以来 , 苏丹北部领导人们在全球反叛的南方扩大了他们的权力 , 在过去的48年里 , 武装了民事战争 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这是 , 直到十九世纪的伟大的考古发现发现 , 十二世纪的历史发现 , 这是我们的伟大文明 , 古代的古代文明 , 与东方一样 , 我的生命相似 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福dc.伯恩斯坦分析师jeffreylindsay估计雅虎的稳定价值接近25美元 , 每股25美元 , 每股25美元的交易 , 每股25美元 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	他突然有危机 , 我不会进入我们的银行深度 , 因为他们希望更多的投资银行 , 以及我们的投资银行 , 华尔街的投资银行发表不同的报纸 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品的复制 , 总共381磅 , 因此 , 将它们分布到欧洲学者 , 教授jayadadadavasingh在他的 " 介绍madh " 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家sobekatshiro和mizunoryo继续遵循日本beau理想风格 , 一个画画了与他的铅笔的昆虫世界 , 另一个建立了它的大气氛 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有许多旅游区 , 比如多多其他旅游区 , 多数游客都不知道旅游和地方旅游 。
