there is a television in the middle of living room .	住房中间有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新建筑上 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果必要的话 , 我们应该发送一个电信家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	然后你把他们固定在你的第一个海洋厨房里 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	难以置信的判断是不可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他在顶部的梅斯堡上过了他的猫 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但是他的老师评论: " 你还不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是一年 , 中国梦中显然出现了明显的 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	2010年10月17日 , 我应加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里 , 没有什么东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料的供应很大增强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这类行车跟踪器在柴油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一种塑料盖 , 用于类型的作家 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它有螺旋结构 , 由刚果红色透露 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是学生 , 我们免费电费 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是今晚的心理学家梦想 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那时他不会突然离开 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了评价关注批评 ; 激励 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人嫁给赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多人要求一点沉淀吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力受到反应力的影响 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	联系旧知识 , 揭示新课程 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	肯定是华庆池 , 是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	我的小蜡烛火焰燃烧了 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我已经称之为 " 威威基 " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	疾病是受伤的 , 死亡是受伤的 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	指示每个阀门的操作声水平 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们被扔进直线 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	布:这里是在浏览器哈尔的鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在巴黎之后 , 维拉塔回来后 , 巴黎在巴黎 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	一些你来自狭窄的jail细胞 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	萨玛问她丈夫回家时 , 萨尔玛问她的丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我采取了深深的印象 , 深深深深的印象 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	从2003年到2007年早晨 , 我是一名编辑家 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	这个伟大的胜利是不合理的预期 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近在公司做了很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但是 , 固定的鸭子是物种之间的内容 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听到那个时候 , 她的脸又白了嘴唇 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	这并不足以说有些经济增长 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子如何消化 , 房子有许多尘埃的葬礼 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后约书让人们离开 , 每个人都到他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	在案例中 , 有一个字符libra的碰撞应该隐藏 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	路上 , 几个乘客希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了dap主页的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆车来了 , 一辆车走了两辆车 , 一个人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古老的野生独立和海豚连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我在我的荣耀下 , 我知道这件事没有什么 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是绑定/unbi绑定方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多·布洛姆有几个破裂的肋骨 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲利是一种特殊的负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活中最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是计划3的反对 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	即使是孩子 , 摩西选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家家家的家庭变成教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看到parley.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的沙迪房间和干燥的地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	详细介绍了每个观点的选择 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在一家宠物店买了一个喷雾的沙米波 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性由系统使用 , 并不应修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 杰克的狗小了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰罗忘记他自行车掉下来 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	注意:当然 , 奶奶和糖 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的接待是最平坦的类型 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅再次在公园里遇到约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我失去了我的词典 , 请给我留下你的 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英语文章使用如此困难 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这就是我们如何得到fahrenhereit范围 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说话 , 她没有与世界联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由横截面连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	科尔默:我找到美国的初始问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去通常所有的技术博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	不 , 那就是人们如何指出小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她等待法国人去完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁都有下面的基本属性 。
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些是各种各样的申请者 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接穿过阿科建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400的伟大的投票转移开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为 " 零售 " 的单子属性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的老兄弟和妹妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	那么 , 家庭保护什么 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 弗里亚发现她的口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 没有人跟他一起 , 没有人在一起 。 "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在 , 在磁学前 , 我们在那里有很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米小于苏 , 苏比李小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	柔软的皮肤 , 红唇 , 所以吻合 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 元数据存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他作为敏感但强大的记者 , 他是完美的 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	所有看起来都是所有的元素 , 都是相同的 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	必须修改一个文件系统 , 必须被修改 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	女士:你意味着 , 你是否拥有吗 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	周一你觉得我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	通过软件开关设置支持j1939 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生们一直在与星节工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	胜利者是第一次在一个空间中抽出三人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张宾简单地回答 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看上去没有什么奇怪的肌肉制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛浏览着微小的峰值 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	她的爱人离开了她的爱人 , 她把她的爱情带走了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运之一并不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个parishs 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻通过观众发出了一名欺骗者 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后电池驱动到轮子里 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请将完成的形式返回到学校 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张照片值一千个单词 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这完全是错误的答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 冰冻 , 海洋回来 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	这个轮胎是老的 , 已经平滑了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的合作伙伴本周可能有些恐惧 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我一直对我的所有权利感进行了行动 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	去除链驱动轮从cankshaft中删除 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是校园里的英雄性格 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但是 , 命运并没有给他们提供机会继续 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我一定要把它放在一起 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子在传送机上太接近 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	塔西德里弗:好吧 , 是你的行李吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	增加真实的常量表数由rinc数字 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送到大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一条喊道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联人骑士在他的arm中死亡 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水走了他的喉咙 , 他开始选择 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花和精神像犹太人一样 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们住在哪种土地 ? 是好坏的 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一条棕榈 , 驾驶着河 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 伤害 , 或者否则最大伤害 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	不 , 我觉得你能去 , 我甚至不能得到旗帜 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的时候 , 路一分钟 , 路过一分钟 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督对他的母亲说什么 , 让她想哭 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道了50年内最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你想起这些更抽象的东西 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个学期 , 我一年看见父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法对甲醇原料溶解 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	我对她的眼睛来说 , 爱情是闪光的 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但是信用是汽车业务的生命血液 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者在你身上有一个序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你有经历去你的帕雅玛 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬发很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和他的妻子是一个幸福的夫妻 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 有很多不确定的关于它将涉及的东西 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	因此 , 我们在决定快沙中遇到了错误 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在玩完后直接回家 , 什么 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行为并非与他的话一致 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 , 他高又强壮 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但是他们太恐怖了睡眠 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写了这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一个巴根...他担心的偶像 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在那个数字游戏中 , 它转换为1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请用浴缸改变单室 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但是 , 改变的事情是它的破坏性 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行官从来没有看到这样的东西 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	过度喜欢 , 她从房子里跳出来 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	苦境冲击生命 ; 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它把我们的房子转成葬礼帐篷 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或许你可能是一个更好的单词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以这就是溶液混合在哪里 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能把我放在下一个城镇里吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	输入箱后进入几条新的线 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	一个:不清绿色来这里 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有通讯都在写作中 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 米尼斯基尔在时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以导致一个家庭中的disharmony 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	一个网站选择了新学校 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他把他的兄弟换成目标保障员 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的花朵 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周也许是一个例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导体:银镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	我还没有从喷嘴里恢复 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	一个扭矩象征着亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮充满了西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生儿童提起了这些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但是首先 , 有人必须把他们带进他们的交通坦克 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们的房间 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后照亮火的东西 , 燃烧它 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章可以在我们的书馆中使用 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住那是坏的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 没有什么 , 债务将是巨大的 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	我记得回来 , 我在家里遇见你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停止每头3200美元的钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有点钟问题 , 你需要修改这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司法设备 , 用户需要联系我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不能根据人民的意愿 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我叫做时 , 他正在做汉堡 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上一张传照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	大象 , 你的耳朵像圆形 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嘿 , 周五你是免费的吗 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.roundrobin在顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我在工作上穿过它 , 伤害我的心 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得那个微笑 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿色飞机可以清洗植物干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场 , 18年 , 河板18号 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	到那条路上 , 我不想一夜飞行 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过公共汽车 , 因为他迟到了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 枪在手里 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 , 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	好的 , 我们可以考虑不到0项 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么所有在岛屿上发现的最佳派对都是为什么 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有直接和上切 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	土地人把一个新站在我的房间里 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	公司是一家电子商品的领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一只双毛巾 , 被禁止了 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	研制了fermi操作器的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深刻的事情 , 就像你教的那样 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 !
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给出一些数据来解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9锤钻每个湾 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来那么困扰了我在他身上拿了一张东西 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	那是我第一个爱 , 我也怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你需要在非hk股票中交易吗 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在在我家里已经在20年了 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗将不会学到新技巧 。
minutes of board committee meetings	董事委员会会会的几分钟 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们在饥饿中发现了恐惧 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头上稳定 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员有一个塔塔孔 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	在l值与r值之间区别 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	shine , 你不能有任何疾病 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好吧 , 我离开了五分钟 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是大象的一段时间 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	紧张度计可以做到足够小的 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远离lvshun的大连是多远 ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	灯光逮捕者安装在哪里 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 因为心 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国迅速上升了这个共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会为背骨赢得战斗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	它鼓励你 , 相反 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	几年前我记得来到这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员要和平 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图在火中保持头 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看看吗 ? 猪肉也像食物一样 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛有救济和快乐 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须成为可持续的 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方来获得创业资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们还是独立的 , 他们是补充的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵在一条栏子里被埋在床上 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 很清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你要去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把声音降低到一位威斯特的声音 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本气体检测安装 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是一个白色的袜子迷吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最喜欢的三角 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是拿着你的纤维 , " 她说 。
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢 。 我很完全 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的部分利益是保险的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望他下次能看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤汤亨庆 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和这些衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但是这也是一个存在的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	这艘船在船头上打破岩石 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他被必要的驱动到钢铁上 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班里有五十个学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我要买那美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你很高兴在麻烦的水中捕鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我会拿我的叶 , 像一只蝴蝶一样 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一个3pimafiastle适合 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	帕斯奎·吉塔:确保有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	设计的全息种类并没有发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看见她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	奥克森对这个世界有很大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长规定放在铅笔箱里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	还有人说 , 如果他们欺骗 , 或者欺骗你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	当你脑部锁定时 , 你怎么能看 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	如果我有翅膀 , 我会飞到月亮 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	蜜蜂 , 我的贝尼实际上是什么 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树 , 时候是年轻的 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们是哈佛 , 所以我们知道的 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	这个umpire失去了他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一个1970年停止了他的技巧 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他在胸部打了twener 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	远程很高兴他们的游戏 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想要绿莓成为我的粉末 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还写了一个单片的前面 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维拉特说 , 她将达到边界 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	这个男人从我的口袋里抽出一笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她在晚上跑过她的线 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在大雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆吸烟了 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿那个坏吗 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	我们必须开始时候苏菲亚回来 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说妈时 , 我看着牛仔 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼斯 , 你在谈论什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	蒸汽就像皮革一样艰难 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	晚上有多长时间 , 要做晚衣 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫猫能影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗衣机电机vbelt ;
the young tree has struck root .	那棵年轻的树根有一棵树 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她拿着蜜蜂 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学习英语歌曲 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须下降 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 这是黑暗的 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们对这些变化产生了我们的存在 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你需要两个文档 , 把它们挖掘 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	一个好的系统验证测试人员是什么 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你说的最低点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校 , 但在生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李莉打了吉姆 , 第一次赢得了第一位 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	问:你每次都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人觉得那么冷 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是三个家庭唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	感谢您呼吁日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴将告诉他们 , 他们已经拍了我了 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	monsieurlemaire去哪里 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢了一些 , 你失去了一些 , 那就是生活 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那一年 , 那天 , 我们是陌生的 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体在地板洞里发现 。
knive are used to cut things .	knive被用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何不雨雨 !
peace is always relational .	和平总是相互关系 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克·鲁塞尔是什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要把她从她的职责中走出去 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年最聪明的花朵吗 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想知道这晚上这会带来什么 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你迫使我那么痛苦 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进树林里 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	答:强迫我为你打断你 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	jeff喜欢与杰登玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想被告诉成长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	不过你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油变化之前 , 停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	印度人在城市上拍摄 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有的事情都变化 , 我们和他们改变了 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以他们从门里走出来 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我觉得他们最后一场胜利只是一个流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	另外 , 他只是一个孩子 。
lily some money me the other week .	另一个星期里 , 莉莉有些钱 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是paisley第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们在等待 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试着睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以用手术治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	而它的政府被抓住了 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在帕特里克买一辆牛仔吗 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听见有人滑雪 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好种子的草坪 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须在docot上改变火车 。
beat me half to death with it .	打我半到死 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃过多的汉堡 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她很喜欢吃惊 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后在周末艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	沃尔夫的跟踪是多大 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大型动脉疾病 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成了安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上达布尔斯 。
the bill was sent to her room .	账单被送给她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	是你的车手工或自动化 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它有助于你不在那么多内部 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这是我认为金融是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他上 ! 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	这个程序是什么独特的 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我从来没有请他们吗 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸的指导 !
losers hangout with losers .	洛杉矶失去了失去者 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	感觉到羞愧来了她 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候 , 肥胖的座位带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家庭 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来了我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请驱动一点快 !
tingting seems nervous .	丁看起来很紧张 。
it is for bird watchers .	这对鸟看器来说是为了鸟看 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把接收器挂起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发风格 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手味着鱼 。
but there's reason for hope .	但是 , 希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的文章如何从订单中取出 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一个震惊 , 叫出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你如何把价格放在生命上 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你知道什么 , 他 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像脂肪猫一样 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得相同的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同的领导风格作品 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有许多方法杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里是那么多的油罐 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳子 , 一个绳子 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们把刀绑在一起 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义了三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花了金像土壤一样 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些放在转身上 。
power elevation mill head .	电力发电厂头 。
that gives me the creeps .	这给我带来了我 。
ianto: that's just me .	安托:这只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是安德萨兹的主人 。
it was from the sugar i think .	这是从糖中我想的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么这次退休 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只有三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得比较热 !
and put bomb craters in there .	把炸弹在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧演奏了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我已经拿了一些小课 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动并获得股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	放在一个大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我爱马德里 !
it does have intentions .	它有注意力 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有没有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	肥胖死了 !
what is the name of that process ?	那个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的一个朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小的 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自我学习吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建一个.tc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但是这仍然是我很好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 , 这是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	那么 , 我与此做什么 ?
when did you start to act ?	当你开始行动时 , 你开始行动 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢山坡吗 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的大妈 。
that’s my girl .	那是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们所有都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是一个工作穷吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学习中国 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 赌场就走了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的 。
what's montague ?	什么是蒙特拉 ?
time never comes back .	时间永远不会回来 。
as in organ donor .	正如在机构捐赠者 。
are you a salesman ?	你是一个销售员 ?
we just don't know .	我们只是不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做 。
i love my job !	我爱我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任很低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础的 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉它 !
d a digit	d一个数字d 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车规模施工过程简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	轻轻的父亲把这些失去的羔羊送到你...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发人员谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	摄影俱乐部采取了一个照片拍摄试图...
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以我们在20世纪中期做出的选择必须成为一个非常聪明的 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单元向量 , 那么我应该把这个数字缩小到长度 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	威比亚有大量的铁墨机 , 香港注意到那年的手 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续作为学校的行动原则 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这代表了事故电子的总能量 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近年来 , 大脑中的水质成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义上 , 它是自编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	没有人怀疑 , 或者不能满足父母的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	战斗快速 , 随着你高雅克 , 把大量的香港河冲下来 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将自身修复 , 或者可以留下几年 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践了面部表达 , 我看起来像狼一样 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这发生了五次或六次 , 猴子很愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	因此 , 我们认为dwarf1 " ddf1 " 是气体敏感 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	正如它在佛罗里部落 , 所以在神的王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有许多传奇关于兰特节的起源 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	在妇女的情况下 , 通常包括性假设 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	ep是防止宫颈癌的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	靠近笔门 , 防止羊毛离开 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	听到它的多态态度 , 是在他的医学里的承诺 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	参与:我看见你自己抓到了一个马龙鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈妈 。 我会教她去骑边 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它为测试一起运行不相关的应用提供了机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	太海又有另一个名字 , 福西 , 一个古代三皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twists可以帮助减少内部机构和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	男性马拉德鸭是他们长期以来著名的 , 精神病 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管解决立即问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	然后看见你走路 , 不如愚蠢 , 却像智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	橡胶山 ; 有限元建模 ; 静弹性 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创造中国世界杯 , 上海路博物馆建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领域中 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	这对你来说是否走 , 但周末我只有时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人来说 , 我认为他的最大的抽屉是像一个或多个双重用户 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误方向上喝了很多醉 , 模糊地回家 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	这个数字从阿富汗贸易部门收到了薪酬 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到 , 我们只有一个生命 , 还能加强这种信服 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个快乐是不可思议的 , 便宜的黄金来自农民 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	那天没有否认自己的任何人都必须从他人中砍掉 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	朋友酒店开始适应男宠和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪华兴事件和罗拉 , 中国 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:好 , 我是凯瑟·琼斯 , 你的名字是什么 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	妈妈是薄薄的朋友 , 我最好的祝福 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	这个连接后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗尼 , 鸟儿和牛仔喝蜜蜂 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好吧 , 这是一个直向前进的 , 还是不会吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场繁荣稳定 , 货物供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都很反对他们 , 书店 , 因为你知道 , 你知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期债务的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	你可能意识到在数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	你也可以尝试使用google的先进命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们在希腊美国社区的情绪也激发了情绪 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市都有城乡双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他太错了 , 他是一个伟大的总统 , " 他说 。
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个轻微的金属声音 , 像一张口袋里的硬币一样 , 金属声音 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我正在完成 , 没有一个歌曲和舞蹈 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停下来 , 男孩 ! 我试图做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪钩可用于任何函数的入口或出口 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我在商业前来了 , 但这次我在这里看见 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季 " 是美国最长的制度 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	看起来 , 大多数中国人使用一个修改的emule , 禁止服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局的格鲁斯特董事会 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的测试机构帮助把几个穿透器放在酒吧后面 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试我们最好的减少一个小时的损坏 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	75%的德国每天吃早餐 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	googlegooglegoble网络探索商的市场份额与chrome有关 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	第一年我爸买了赛季票 , 到了剪辑 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还祝福我们 , 我们能记住以前的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	手行铁路和禁车应建造不锈钢管 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天安平方是世界上最大的平方 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化门诊疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	应力适用于塑料变形的应力通常是压缩的 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是中国最大的谷物产区之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里·布莱尔在乔治奥威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个虫子 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了促进这个任务 , birt提供了数据探索器视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:嗨 , 凯尔博士临床 , 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	塞尔吉奥:是的 , 这肯定是最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	令人惊讶的是 , 男孩能够解决这个问题如此迅速 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	让我们假设你在一个私营分支中有一个子团队 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了时间和杂志心理 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经桥梁在科学上 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术是通信 , 也许人们可以从这方面获得一些尊重 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我意味着 , 你已经谈论如何适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 是一个手持计算机的台子吗 ? " 请小说 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新思想正在渗入年轻时代的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	还有另一个细节 , 我喜欢在这张拍子里 , 是作物的脚 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来更强烈的雨水时期之间的干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员在搜索他的或她的图书馆的时候 , 每个球员都会搜索自己或她的图书馆 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	创造之后 , 在三月神的相互爱上帝的相互爱中根据 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你会让他们永久吗 ? 你会花什么钱 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	除了代码性能更好的程序员为代码澄清性能 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的兄弟学习骑自行车 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季的季节是我们 , 与它来到了适合季节 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在日常使用之前玩 , 例如错过重大调用 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	它们被用于大型非毒性动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是第一次英国人和其他人联系的时候 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	英国野花没有什么东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究不同家庭对象的差异 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	任何尺寸限制的范围应该被包装成更小的一个 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个瘦的 , 白发男子坐在一个木头座位上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但是他仍然承认基督徒 , 因为他们面对死亡的途径 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五步 , 你可以帮助你的机器运行更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	埃利娜·奥蒂斯的伤口边缘发现的那条头发的报告 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , 一个cms存储在数据库中的所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	类似于论文流速率法的过程 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的母亲正在为客户包装一些香蕉渔船 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	左边是罗马皇帝哈利亚的寺庙 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接是由消息接收器完成的 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:烟雾对烟雾有毒 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效果和玫瑰间歇 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我倡导所谓的 " 小城英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了采用钛计的应用条件和方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	咖啡因咖啡因是否滋养细胞是少清晰的 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	一项9至5项工作计划提供足够的时间来放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ? 这个类型的几个例子 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船不能找到任何东西 , 在船上捕捉海啸 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名死亡的士兵躺在一个残疾状态下 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	下午 , 你总是可以在下午或到mall中打击 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年的贫困线总数:815 , 755
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	韩南居民说 , 飞机已经破坏了三块 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国庆的来临 , 我有一个星期的节日 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应物在现实上表现出来很激烈 , 但在现实上有费用 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	这个男孩玩起了他的强点 , 最小化他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这里有些地方 , 我们还没有拖着摩利 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我目前生活的一个必须的城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须通过调查 , 直到所有事实都被发现 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了周围诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	乘客们用海疾病转向绿色 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请在你雇佣他们之后 , 用清洁纸行 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一名诺贝尔·沃尔曼在自己的权利举行了签证人 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	这样做 , 将帮助城市污染有害的影响 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多特殊的技术有助于考古学 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态生态生态生态产量及林业产量的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算结果在每个区域上执行并行并行 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员已经确认炸弹作为汉武 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道的白细胞瘤是一种不常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	故障是一个人类可读的故障描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	开展各种部门的努力 , 共同努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不会遇到这两个条件之一 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这件事吗 ? 你没有比其他事情吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	米托隆德里亚的危机密切地转变了 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早上 , 大多数黑色的山东应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我觉得这会带来一个笑容的人在展览上展览 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能找到一些小熊猫 , 有些东西可以把这家伙放下来吗 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你继续收集 , 那么当你有一个财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	" 天主 " 都睡着 , 同时他们都呼吸了同样的热情 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥尔良人 , 但我想回家去塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁 , 所以我会做电影很快 , 很慢 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	感谢奥巴马为所有的nasa切割 , 您大量的杜米 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们应该做什么 , 所有无限的感染 , 所以回到 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 年末 , 发现:它是一个虚假的警惕 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数民众都要求他们接受的辩论 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我觉得非常沮丧 , 不要感觉任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要的步骤 , 也可以成为调整最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	蜘蛛侠也已经成为探索信任的更加复杂 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制人士说 , 沙利波夫已经报道 , 公众的感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	在自己的力量上 , 通过艰苦的努力实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	答:绝对的是 , 它给出了团队一个扫描机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你形成的桥梁 , 你所知道的所有人都是由这个活力组成的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们两个裙子和裤子都看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗衣室里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端是一个蓝龙和白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	为了malware在他们的thar代理日志里有金 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	对不起 , 第二位年轻师 , 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺马 , 因为她是真正的人 , 永远不会放在一边 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨晚上帝摧毁了我的灵魂 , 把灵魂放在一个新的灵魂中 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	从边缘到典型的黑色旅游发展 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	愿我们一切与爱与信仰、幸福和竞争的时代生活 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	所以另一个形式的慷慨是共享上帝的话 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我把头埋在安静下 , 但我的姨妈听了我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿石和石油股市降低 , 尤其是在伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的成像发现从来没有在文学中报道 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三年级的交通教育课程有一个交通教育 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	好几次 , 充满谋杀的看法会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我特别是 , 你最喜欢的椅子是一个特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是一个心碎的悲剧两个月的煤炭 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二次出去 , 让我们去 。 我们做什么 ? 告诉我怎样做 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节日win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	女孩来到上帝的祝福 , 必须遵守 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	在物理检查中 , 很容易地把它放在物理检查中 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济勘探显著降低 ; 或是有意义的 ;
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿里斯坦的鸟儿------------------
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	单击和拖动从开始结束你希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	在巴西州 , 斯科隆·克里斯在米饭里吃饭 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件的反对 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但是 , 我想除非你嫁给它 , 否则继承它 , 还是工作很难 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观观角度看到了他们之前的观点 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界能否真正福祉这个宏观的另一个风险 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 有大量的炎症细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:$56 , 400美元 , 97 , 400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称gizmo甚至可以提高你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天是否可以看到今天的哈尔堡 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风地下 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	亚历克斯:没有 , 我将带我六岁的女儿 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后的拉夫约翰举行了他 , 然后开始把他拿起来 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离开了丈夫 , 现在只有独自生活 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	爆炸是花30分钟的时间寻找正确的笔子 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束mask , 让comus的椅子 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的女性有毛吗 ? [1]
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	由mccormack微型线驱动提供的体积控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉如果他们正在用电线擦拭脸 , 就会感觉如此 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西是农业的一名领导人 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短散时间系列具有多分形性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我订购了头发蟹 , 但你给我带来了绿色的蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从厚的公共汽车背后拍了毒箭 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国文化象征的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推动前进 , 成功最终会满足你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以把电子邮件地址转换成谷歌账户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷闭并不可接受 " 表面 " 的 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海口是海南省海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的主任王凯江教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了偶像性模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	这是米菜、汤和密斯塔的一个很好的补充 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	一个好的绘画之前 , 每个绘画都是做到的 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想添加foshan , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的转换 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	几个圆桌的男人有很多心来解散他们 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能不会危险 , 或者饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知道的那样 , 互联网的特点是虚拟和双重的 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚一样 , 人们穿着不同的衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	用手 , 你可以在任何地方享受你的花茶 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	室外使用的真空游泳器 , 具有稳定的油发动机 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云 , 我冷 , 诱惑者和悲伤 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我会感到贪婪 , 使我周围的那个人很快乐 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你叫它一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记住吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后 , 他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一 , 每个后来的bezierspraline只需三点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	与神话的地方 , 无论是一个非常真正的破裂 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	我们访问的第二个地方是莫纳科村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮钩使一个手更容易 , 快速 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这个时候 , 这是商业工业人员 , 谁哭了 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变您的默认门 , 打击输入关键两次 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后 , 本文讨论了jmi的程序和应用 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	史蒂罗·托奥达说他不会回忆会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全感到惊讶 , 自然的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的事情 , 零并没有存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	在我们中期的和平生活 , 缓慢发展 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	蜡烛板是所有视图portlet都放置的地方 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼高迪从西班牙 , 主要论文的主体对象 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接待者问: " 你看过一名医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后一项很多工具---------------------------------------
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火焰 , 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天有七个课 , 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是一个在地球上打开门口的地球 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们拥有银行系统和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃撞击桌子的角落 , 撞击了冲击 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	后来的船已经消失了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多异性的人都想关系和孩子 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	吸烟一只啤酒在传递中失去它的路 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以在哪里吃真实的驴子来消灭它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫做友谊7岁的小帽子里 , 是一个叫做友谊的小帽子 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 我没有未来的东西 , 你知道 , 进入 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐败是实践理论的一个大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得我跑进野心 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学拥有良好的教师团队 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	但是 , 强劲的火箭规则可能会把蛋糕离开 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染器决定您最后的渲染器的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花亮着岩石土地 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	只有对这些项目 , 那些作为母亲语言的项目 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	亚当和埃夫在爱登园里与上帝交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	平平平的母亲是区域护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家把假设针放进我的静脉里 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请根据合同的复制 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说他的朋友在转桌上有信心 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她用sobs的声音打开了一声声音 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道怎样快速 , 另一边要得到热吗 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他喊起来 , 跟他走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩上建造沙弹 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是最后一个房子泡沫的气体 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果它听起来很好 , 请问如果我能看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在星球上 , 有些单位立刻袭击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这个新的疼痛者不再在痛苦上行动吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们可以预测这是两个正常人之间的正常日期吗 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	我后来发现世界充满受害者 , 其中有人说不 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦完成了你可以使用你的树脂 , 让垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 有一个年轻男人愿意为诗人表达起来 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它展示了所有从头部和饺子记录中显示出来...
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海上交易史的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	在第1部分中 , 您了解如何创建一个客户服务器应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个情况下 , 这是一个好计划 , 我们不应该是nitpick 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	从实现细节中分离测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你的生活中多少部分 , 就会变成 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	放置更小的粘贴 , 使得更新的效果 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把那个漂亮的漂亮物质变成一个闭幕 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	吉米斯通常在语言、语言和写作方面很好 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我为啤酒付了 , 所以我在最后的瓶子上叫dbs 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大回来 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	你需要计算多少时间的分配将采取 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	但是明天晚上没有 。 当你下一个自由的时候 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	玛丽尔滨站被包装在家里边界交流员 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	不要留在她贫穷的时候 , 病 , 还是不美 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	让我们今天不要收集贪婪 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性 , 构建有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和对照组对照组有异性和异性吸附 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " g1/2 " 与饥饿覆盖的2个独立特性 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学发展 , 计算机越来越受欢迎 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它送到瓶装水行业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	钓鱼园谷的春水 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信中跳过 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把握手带到一个15年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是柔软的河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今天晚上工作清楚了事情 , 所有的事情 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请向我传递一堆半圆形的砖块 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男人在寻找失去的孩子 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	贵溪市hizhizhi编译委员会办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁是神毁灭 , 我们号1号为疯狂 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一个爱迪奥在阿哈和他的鲸之间得到了 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对我来说 , 个人来说 , 我真的可以看到两侧的硬币 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多棉花植物 , " 男人回答道 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 让你的性生活更激动 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	因为电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个节目 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	儿童和青少年如何经历抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在 , 唐代的僧侣徐安子现在是什么 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ?  ! 可能 , 或者你 。 好吧 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	这些媒体通常是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	温文在2010年12月实行了她的背景交叉 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	我们在这里写了12.0111 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:探讨阿布斯·莫利斯·莫利斯舞蹈的组成 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安东尼在一个大规模的规模上去项目 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	它深化了家庭和社区贫穷 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	这个方面 , 卢克的作品在讨论中发生了很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	连续提高饮用水的标准 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 过去 , " 黑暗的姐姐 " 太太太了 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我很快把所有的袜子都洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色黑人回来 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题 , 中国的民事控制军事 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	圣诞旗将被定制为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	文化皮肤是全部退休的中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺04 , 5 。 我不知道如何感谢你们的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	我今天有太多的做 , 我跑了我的脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	公司并没有在文件中说 , 银行贷款贷款 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	在大约一半小时之后 , 我意识到我真的需要快速 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 最后 , 如果我们记住我们的差别 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	李:现在 , 如果你只是跟着我到洛杉矶 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生命 , 这个爱你 , 我一直梦想 , 长期以来 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 穷人很容易 , 因此生活得快乐 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最新5天的天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	马康是一个好朋友 , 一个独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种具有特征面貌表达的基本情感 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	穿越死亡 , 机会 , 以及时间 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个popup尖端将告诉你是否在或离开 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理你的暴力 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄宗是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他被他的朋友给了一个标签 " 玩家 " 的标签 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不能相信我 , 他永远永远会结束他的生活 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指放进混合物中 , 然后打破它 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	加勒比亚水也有很好的防水 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	夜间的深度恐惧的警报声响起来 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们愿意在一个长夜之后看见早晨的光芒 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	多东广泛应用于春秋时期 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	法官哈德森的决定是否会被判断 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我觉得这会有帮助 。 你是最好的 , 你知道吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们使它变得难以修改我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	没有人看起来似乎是思考 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao患者关于姨妈和莫尼亚一桩 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	伟大的思维认为像 , 但愚蠢的差异很少 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	许多有足痛的人只能通过减肥 , 才能减肥 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不会像他们一样 , 但他们永远不会像我一样画 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制和自我抑制这样的理性基础 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 , 避免眼睛接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	此组根据佛教宇宙学 , 根据佛教宇宙 , 建立了这一群 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	确定了秦天的关系 , 秦天一起很高兴 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	运行者在最快的运行过程中丧失了超过3%的体重 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	周龄和平谈到两侧之间的两侧之间有着崩溃 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	导电激活能量与变质之间存在着一定的关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑大约有25% , 比以后的同性直肠 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看着阳光在东面上升 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	岳阳山断裂是海源断裂区东段 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将在自杀上读书 , 幽默死亡 , 病 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	这里只有一个实践的地点 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城市中心是一对20英尺长的金属shidas 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	在中间33年 , 总有33岁的中间 , 与瓦拉图一起 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船试图逃避大海盗船在它上下来的时候 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他几乎站在广场 , 他的大头上起来 , 转向他们 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但是我觉得这会更聪明 , 让你的最好的侧面 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	一个爱的丈夫 , 每天我都记得像一个女王一样的丈夫 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	本文阐述了其代谢和反位移的机理 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来到了可食用蛋糕ppers的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	本质特征是严格的行为 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道蛋白的功能与其结构相关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18年 , 我的服装在他们中间 , 为我的衣服造了很多 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	同样的事情是1月份 , 尤鲁尼在一月份有一个不足的领域 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转向齿轮是汽车向量系统的重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	坐在数字三号 , 是巴根寺和巴哥达斯 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	它是由含有洞穴和传送棒石粉组成的 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前鲨鱼并不制造压缩机 , 一个关键的空调条件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了为食物卫生提供监测、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	晚上十三晚上 , 他们终于回到马丁的宿舍里 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	实际速率折扣必须在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 而且也是全世界人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要成分:各种芳烃和芳香树脂 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文对蒙古地区的气候变化进行了简要评述 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大型火焰通常会喷出窗外的窗口 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理有效合同 , 必须遵循复制原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	乐观 , 老虎总是在新鲜挑战中回来 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多黑白人都逃离在那晚的细胞中 , 躲在那里 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我并不怀疑一个时刻 , 夫妻的沮丧的罪恶 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文第一部分对权力和权力的观点进行了考察 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论改变它 , 但担心它只会被视为神经 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你 , 当你病时 , 把草本放进来 , 然后呆在里面 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18孔绿色费用和周末费用 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	几乎每个新公司都抱怨种子资本困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	林顿先生回答说 , 我没有进一步建议 , " 林顿先生回答 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我有一个胃痛 , 我觉得今天午饭上有一些坏食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	很好的移动 , 史密斯先生 。 我是孙芳来访一次采访 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个鞋子已经失去了 , 邪恶的面具的不知情 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	mt10:23 , 当他们在这座城市里追求你时 , 逃进另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们在wpi上查看机器人工程程程程序的课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我觉得这是我发送的 , " 他补充道 , 解释了员工 。 "
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我就没有权利把自己放在上面 , 因为他是公车 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	火车充满灵魂 , 在节日的情绪中 , 因为夏天的天气 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元 , 买一张桌子填满孔子 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	每个美国储蓄股价上涨1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人被吓死了 , 有些人被吓得恐惧 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	在历史和永恒之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢肯定 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	发现还揭示了男性快速竞争女性伙伴的男性 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改进了规则和规范的干部和人员文件的管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红色叙述:你可以辩论他做得更喜欢的护卫 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天有你很好 , 请再次看看我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数千名军人在枪手中交易 , 为了训练 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和黄金海岸的环境经济类航空票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 艺术家的空间发射系统爆炸概念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc具有较为统一的工作功能分布 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	很多琼斯的老朋友加入了他的团队 , 还有一些新的团队 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法被称为 " 幻想 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想了解一个儿子和父亲彼此关系的事情 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们正在试图理解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只要允许她这样的车里那么闪光 , 允许她那么醒来 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	爱情的影响可能使你忘记在过程中所引导的事情 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	他慢慢慢慢慢慢地冲着 。 " 是的 , 那是我的女孩 。
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	用一些盐和辣椒 , 把鱼肉放在春天里 , 然后用一些盐和辣椒 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司专业生产宠物核心 , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	经过多年的玫瑰在赛跑上 , 她终于发现他爱她 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 获得无意义 , 给予全部 。 第1.7 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	而 " 改变 " 指通过深化改革 , 解放员工潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当某人驾驶完美的汽车时 , 没有人指责汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户也可以选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是泡沫的扇子 , 你就可以尝试盐水代替 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	因此 , 现在听到了这一点 , 你冲突了 , 喝醉 , 但不要喝酒 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳温暖 , 促进所有的vicesra和机器官 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	有很多方法解决地下水问题的一种离子反应 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	拉力增强剂在沙米坡 , 肥皂和面部洗涤中优势 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是饮食 , 安静和默里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期公牛市场趋势从2001年出发 , 仍然是完整的 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	肉类鱼类蛋白浓缩是1980年发展的新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把小鱼从尾巴拿到尾巴 , 用鱼和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着纳西斯斯 , 首先讲话 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我会买像吴先生这样的婴儿兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始了一个业务 , 他们说 , 让我们分开这个程序 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你正在浪费一点 , 所以说话 , 没有必要 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实际材料主义和图像理论的本质 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚·格雷菲蒂在首都迪利附近 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶巡逻员绝对希望免除这一切的本质 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个名为记忆管理单元的子系统 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方星期日说 , 死亡者在拍摄玫瑰到86年 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物介质和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是青少年 , 被视为创新和创造力 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议任何与 " 反传 " 的话 , 她也建议 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑首席蓝文章由记者写的文章 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	迄今为止 , 今年 , 有63 , 595个销售经过国内外制度 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表了一份声明 , 弗雷迪将是我们的广场 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	另外 , 其他人都为自己的用途都能做任何他们想要的东西 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	后来的季节 , 尽管良好的规划 , 产品开始不平凡运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	严格的时候是一种宝藏 , 对于懒惰的人来说 , 是一种负担 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝绸是很好的质量 , 是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始建立你的团队 , 你将有很容易的时间在未来 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但即使是这样 , 两妹仍然不能帮助 , 但认为她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕捕捉 , 年度结果 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	我的嘴巴很广泛 , 当我进入了马拉蒂的杯子室 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象20年来 , 中国城市化的另一个25000万人在中国的城市化 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	您可以在垂直箭头上保持详细的锁子 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些土地形成了天城 , 或者 " 自然形成的坑 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球到了一秒前 , 你会把它带到风中吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形状的珠子 , 耳朵 , 儿子 , 欢迎订单 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	如何释放如何 , 当局将与相关法律相结合 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你认为这是一个非常好的机会 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	twiggy是一个小男孩和女孩 , 她的时候的镜像 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走了路 , 他等待更多的权利更好 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	在一个时刻的犹豫之后 , tweener到达了外面 , 拿着烧伤 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	一般来说 , 世界越来越多 , 接受了登录 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	标记2.4x在图片质量方面比图片质量更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听这篇文章的主要思想 , 以及如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素首次成为糖尿病的使用 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 没有所有悠久的餐厅都是庆祝的帽子 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:日心有恶性身体 , 分支缺乏 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 亲吻他 , 爱他一切心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 您将能在同一时间打开热栏配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	有许多驾驶过去了卡路普尔附近的一些橡胶房地产 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	瓦达·乔奎姆是新加坡的民族花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复方张光胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	研究玉山医药植物的调查和研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这个错误了匿名类型的强大类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	孙元文是清末清代后期的重要人物 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的来源是自动化的重要社会后果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这是意识到许多孩子在这里不能去学校 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	很难把他拉到一个完成的日期 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多我们在epa内做的问题 , 或者技术上 , 是在自然中 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个男子是一个来自伊雷德尔县牧师办公室的地下部门 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:您将更新我们关于shinhwa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣为什么让一些泥泞放在人眼里 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	队长带来了男人注意到一般来到 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 , 他忘记他没有成长任何年轻人 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	您需要将现有的项目负载到整合开发环境中 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	而且 , 在费尔的战争中 , 他们将与癌症一起战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 避免考试的习俗更困难 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	美国利物浦公司在金融危机中发现激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	保持跟踪您需要支付保险和办公室供应的保险和办公室 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 经过gg频繁的接收后 , 转变好情绪 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称受害者的身体 , 比如恢复工作在路下 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志阅读这部新技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是第三个在讨论夏季三角的星系的星系 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在游戏园里 , 他的自演员 , 它是错误的劳动 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	采用该厂 , 设计了以下的服务定义的数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩破坏了泥土 , 分支和叶子 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	让我们第一次喝一些咖啡 , 我也喜欢一个沙威奇 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布莱纳的作品纯粹是在这里 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我称这是意大利的 " 悲剧现象 " 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	读取方向 , 直接在右方向中直接指导 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但是当政策持有者是抵押贷款的人时 , 应该是不同的 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计你已经怀孕了多久 , 你的日期 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为一些原因 , 所以 , 霍宁 " 是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否有金融 , 还有许多因素来决定是否有金融 , 还有很多因素 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们在家里有七个孩子 , 所有姐姐 , 除了我 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它为本端极限推广器使用提供了理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出他们的门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术界 , 还有一个印象的春水和秋山山 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了许多这样的草根专家在双方.com上发现了许多 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我制造了鲸鱼 , 鱼和鸟类的每个大小、形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人是一起 , 最终他们会找到他们的眼睛回来 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评价:并行网络提供了数据的局部性 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐馆建议可以被其他朋友看到 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图去除这些可能的许多实施 , 就像可能一样 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	那时他曾经吃过食物来鲨鱼 。 " 没有猫 。 "
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	屏蔽和草药邮件显示您的习俗禁止器 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	有些人相信中央政府和中央政府之间存在着关注 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她通过了一场犯罪场景 , 有人在街上拍摄了一些人 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	第一章东端项目的东端比大门更快 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有发现的人都会开瓶子 , 成年人被放弃死亡 。
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0中 , 介绍了许多额外的改进 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿意释放耶稣 , 再次向他们讲话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗疲劳和调节免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要注册域名和注册器名称注册 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁钢布什提供最大负荷支持 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南被称为 " 植物王国 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 罗森伯格和罗森伯格在军事涂上了一起 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 , 每4岁 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器配件配件 , 适用于索索索索索索索索的边缘 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后 , 他变成整体 , 把下一个八个小时作为一个尘土人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块切德的奶酪 , 然后在它里挤了一块 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们第三次来到了 , 这是因为ivor在开始时抓到了一条蟹 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	蜜蜂保持者在冬天后经常找不到死的蜜蜂 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	stiga现在已经经历与同一膀胱相结合的速度和触摸 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	你可以用n , 或maxargs , 参数覆盖这个行为 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	不 , 你可以让他全晚给我留下来 , " 我回答道 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	与此同时 , 他们对吸收的敏感性比永远更明显 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有对我的思想的好中国作家都值得重新修改 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	对于谁来说 , 谁在一千年里等待永恒呢 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会错过机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这些是由阿瑟尔的半姐摩根 , 摩根 , 是一个巫师 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在kelly下 , 西方在2008年与圣乔治合并 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我要叫你 , 因为这个男孩来自你的城市 , 海登博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一幅全球的照片 , 但即使我们很高兴地回来形式上 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	虽然这意味着现实中 , 我们可能会看起来不同或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房屋成本与数十亿人民的重要利益有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	提名和八个婚姻在79岁的洛杉矶死于洛杉矶 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野外活动对波尔克和克莱斯进行了反对 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	在序列初始学习过程中 , 这些区域不同于区域 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的新闻 , 伊斯兰和拉皮斯拉祖利 , 填满了一份 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁裤的飞行区域 , 然后第一条腿的缝纫和头盔 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察宁宁市市市市市区供应库的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	早餐咖啡馆可以在我们医院帮助您 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了适当处理批评 , 您也需要正确的处理赞美 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怕 , 无法死亡 ! 无法结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	只要我自己喂养自己的时候 , 我不希望得到奖励 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	穷的巴里停了一包包 , 当他的汽车与一辆罗利的碰撞时 , 他的汽车就停下了 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	当有人说: " 我是一个讲话 , " 这通常是他们的意思 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可用于高速公路的高速填充区域 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	这项发现是由纳萨飞机发射电镜卡勒制成的 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是骑着煤器来获得更大的块子 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	对某些不同接收器的辐射和绑定进行了研究 。
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	远离国家 , 但总是跟我一起 , 无论我是在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有的疲劳情绪都是一件事 , 必须在生活中结束 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这个项目对许多原因有兴趣 , " rochon先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 友谊世界有嫉妒 , 没有什么比爱少 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	格雷斯大笑: " 你觉得你是什么 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔网络受伤 , 我得到了我的机会为英格兰打球 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为手指做了一些金属提示 , 学会再次玩 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以保持你的冷却在强烈情况下 , 她会注意 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	随着这些喷雾刚飞行在比赛中另一个口袋自行车 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	提高水处理效率也是节约水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	耶里米的眼睛在城市灯光下 , 看着他的眼睛 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开这里5点00pm , 我们都很高兴这次演出 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你如何找到 " 智慧 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢你组织 , 我发现最有趣的 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是黑绿、深、运行全年的一轮 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也可以访问自由教育的抱怨教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了认识疾病 , 审查和报告如下 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	简妮是对的 。 在这里 , 可以自由打猎和拍摄 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我跳得很好 , " 他告诉她说 , " 他很忙地告诉她 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	将这项研究和营销运作将是弗拉德先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	同类化物也很罕见 , 这使新西兰生活安全的地方更加安全 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在cigroup上 , 收入下跌28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰仍然能通过这些挑战时代移动 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	没有好的亨利 , 在你的房子里裂缝 , 还有另一个房子 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	亚伯斯先生说 , 与波威尔的谈话深深 , 希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私法的认证应该模拟德国一 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我使我的生活变成了文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 运行系统在组装中处理并不可支持 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你会有一些东西来展示它 , 甚至可能结束你们的东西 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公平公路上 , 必须避免左边的峡谷 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小梅梅德是安德森更多的交通友谊之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	就像婴儿腐败的鸡蛋一样 , 大明自己看着 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应当附加文档和形式在外语中执行 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	海军蓝是一个信任的颜色 , 给我们信心 , " lindsay说 。
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了很难分析异常mosaursaurs的基因 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船壳清洗机器人的集体设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	草坪规划是主奴隶决策手掌握的重要主题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	采用最新工艺和工程制造、办公管理和设计等工艺 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回指定协调项目的零基本指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着外面看见一只鸭腿 , 只有一只鸭子 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	渠道对酒店产业的欲望永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	针对电线载体设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业规模it架构 , 用于链接资源的需求 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年 , 国际大学毕业生总额增长了12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺并非纯粹理性和性能 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	月球城市像舌利这样的城镇也是一个世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种新型的催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后 , 对未来发展和解决策略的关键问题进行了讨论 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨大鼠心脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	ftlauderdaleun , 与海滩的暴力和转化水相比 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	塔尔帕林 , 可以看到中国各地的地方 , 说不仅是独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	深入的变化是来的 , 它旨在转换几个生命的phellosphellos 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏季 , 小鼠通常生活在外面 , 保留在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	制作滑雪平行的关键是控制侧滑动 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一步是实现连接组件的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个免费的啤酒啤酒在午餐时间购买啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱官 , 犹太人收到了大欺骗的罪犯 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	美国六所学校在这里获得了超过2 , 250个学位 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须将武器的攻击变成加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我很满意 , 从2001年到过去几年里 , 到了过去的几年 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:映射各种abd工作流程 , 包括几个项目 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	日常事务中世纪中世纪 , 从未坚持准备金钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能滥用和耐心的人 , 希望获得准确的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgmlsgml是世界上最广泛的sgmlparser 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看 , 南妮 , 香水 , " eleanor抱着一瓶cologne的瓶子 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾经试图回答这些问题 , 不管你自己还是对别人来说 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	目录包含最新的项目和其描述的发布 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	今年的税收政策 , 自1997年也有一份预算报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立ninxin胶囊的质量鉴别方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫法检测尿浆尿病尿病尿道尿道分析的方法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他是亚利亚 , 为他的班子做好完整的准备 , 仔细地准备我们的家庭问道 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	拉迪·加格:为了和你一起去做......小怪 ! !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活生物跑回来 , 回归为闪耀的光芒 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们在交易上采取各种法律学术和法律学术 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	当波森比零时 , 得到了位移的精确解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响5个友好目标和5个敌人目标的最大目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然希望看到只有晚期ipping , 脚本编写视频 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个笑容 , 一个更加有趣的多尔基笑容 , 但是有一个笑容 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小化惩罚 , 可以帮助防止薄材料的烧伤 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合分离系统的状空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的卢布丁·安克尔靴子提供了高时尚的边缘 , 她成为著名的 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高固醇水平可以影响睡眠、体重和免疫阻力 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果编辑中心理问题的发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划发布一系列现代版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	由切割木制成 , 所有的块子和清洁的木材都由樱桃木制成 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品已经编译成了jasungi的艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进了鳄鱼 , 只要用你的靴子 , 你想抓住我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢你做什么时候 , 你更可能做得很好 , 成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的观点对我提出了 " 如何 " 这些邮件的一部分 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache是在过程列表中 , 这可以做出一个滑动测试来尝试ping当地主机 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是我们的 , 如果每个评论都在2:08左右 , 那么它必须是一个结束 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁觉得 , 一名宇航员安德鲁在他的眼睛里得到了肥皂 , 开始撕裂 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , td数字手机在技术上可行 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将为您提供一些查询或参考视图、食物、住宅 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左派民主党的恩里奥·卡塔说 , 暴力必须被探索 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:我们 , 这是一个...好的...让我教你 , 另一个等于两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文以传统语法学家为基础 , 进一步发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help改善 。 因此 , 中国的基本利益都是中国的 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻 , 你会有梦想 ; 但这时候的研究 , 你会解释梦 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我所提到的那样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要 " 问你可以直接做一些事情 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问 , 这个男人说他是不安全的 , 只有在一年里没有测试 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	" 哦 , 这是他的母亲 , 她希望他是一个医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	这是一个看法 , 但它是一个蒸汽表 , 这就是使所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	但是 , 德拉周围飞行 , " 你能在空中闻到春天吗 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我对上帝誓言 , 我将把你扔出这座房子里 , 再次看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次你触摸你的脸 , 你都睡着糖和油 , 可以登录池 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	总线将由塔拉成员设计 , 包括他们的写作和图片 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果申请申请申请申请申请申请 , 应申请申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	而ebay声称 , 它做了更好的防止诈骗服务的工作 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同的tnm阶段在整体相关系数为0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你给出了正确的话 , 任何你可以说的话 , 就可以在法律法庭上使用 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	与此同时 , 由m50烷基存在的相互干涉引起的测试 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	愿你们为我们祈祷 , 大多数荣誉耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	您还可以设计自己的模块 , 因此webmin总能适应您的需求 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	电话和usb电话或头部的电话发出了电话 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们希望解决我们的国家和我们的关系十年来的问题 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有许多途径 , 我认为我们需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她变成了四十五岁的时候 , 她发现勇气去走 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在采访结束时 , 没有什么伤害 , 还没有什么更多的问题 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	随着可调节肩带和层扫描 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	另外 , bba在sn病变后 , 可以增加hsp60的表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	梅丽拍了她的头 , " 我不认为他们还是如何生活 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实的案例是一个23岁的男子 , 来自波格尔 , 西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单个旗舰产品与潜在集成等方面的scm套件的其他方面 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿兹 , 欢迎一个新星期的cnn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次约翰流到香港 , 因此他必须使用空气病袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我离开垃圾时 , 它被覆盖在鸡蛋里 , 粘着垃圾 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听到报告 , 了解景观 , 插入你的耳朵 , 前面去 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	让耶和华看见它 , 把他放弃 , 把他从他身上 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组显著低于其他人 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做一些好事 , 没有什么小事 , 庆祝他们只是在月亮上登陆 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	鉴别型 , 每个技术参数 , 请叫奥尔邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人爱你远远超过你知道的爱 , 就像日子一样 , 去了 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的捕捉手段 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	使用 " 我被破坏 " 模式表达自己当你感觉稳定的时候 , 就会表达自己 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我的父母说话 , 像 " 老孩 " 这样的行为 , 常常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	布菲洛在我们共享的材料中提供了许多注意力 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国2007-2009年的衰退仅仅在两年前就出现了美国 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 放在大碗里 , 直到大小两倍 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子们对这个想法说 , 迪兹先生想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	我们之间的东西不能隐藏 , 陌生人手重在你的思想上 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续到南沙拉的时候 , 已经成为灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 你今晚将穿上你的心 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们真正的目的 , 我们不会找到自己独自的生活意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	他的火山吉姆似乎很快醒来 , 他把他的魔鬼放在了桌上 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	种子只有一个在普通金鱼的花园里 , 只有一个种子 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	毫无疑问 , 静脉 , 扔 , 寻找蜘蛛连接它们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何 , 地点问朱晓淑是一个小羊 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在恐怖和呼吸 , 因为他们采取翅膀和呼吸 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你珍贵的小时可能更好的花费考虑你是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人广告他们的服务 , 如escort服务在互联网上所知 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们添加人工智能 , 我们可以找到设备是否快乐 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	另外 , 2/84例rsca并不能被rsca检测出它们较差的pcr结果 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我会从你身边住我的生命 , 只要在天空里闪烁你 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 但我不知道 , 同时我觉得人们真的很有兴趣 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在雅典 , 5-10-490bc , 意大利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅仅仅有一段时间 , 就会知道 " 烹饪 " 到 " 好 " , 就像我能 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦和草的年轻植物是最好的饲料nmpha 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	如今 , 越来越多的人在国外研究 , 返回并没有如此受欢迎 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终 , 人群藏在他身上 , 他只是在轮胎上游荡 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	正如我们在1840年开始了解中国现代化人类的战争 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰布·威尔金森:一个人只有一个生命 , 但历史才能记住你永远 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 热将海水从火山上回来 , 遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.科恩的教学和教学的预测需要在那个公园上 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年代末 , 一些npos已经意识到市场可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	作物科学家js-低档博士说 , 这帮助当地农民与他们有关 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说 , " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我觉得不好听到这条路 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	硝酸盐是锌湾溶解有机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一个肝过滤器去除所有器的最大量 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果您决定有更多特性的数据库 , 那么您必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻到花朵时 , 可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	kra不能直接应用于不确定的数据 , 因为不确定的数据有可能性 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的回报 , 预期薪酬和照片 , 按照邮件发送 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李白说在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是培养良好的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但是可能你想在一个大屏幕上看到它吗 ? 可能在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持强壮壮壮壮壮壮 , 水瓶在他的袋子里 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流网站 , 城市是危害生物侵入的更高风险 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合防御中有过渡的犯罪形式 , 还存在过渡的行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 人们观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细的检查证实 , 无论是什么样的 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时间 , 这将适用于切断视觉设计或帮助麻烦 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	不管我去哪里 , 杨州的小吃永远不会留下我的思想 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网的增加速度是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	这里希望更多的作品转换成英语 , 很快就请 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中癌症表现出一种生物学分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	五月份飞行鱼 , 微芯片是个人计算机 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	我们今天再次把我们的老师拿出来 , 把我们的老师放在一起 , 然后做起来 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	不同神经根缺陷相关的物理检查结果 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	残疾 , 折磨膝盖疼痛 , 满足下列标准 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全美丽 , 清洁 , 植物丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	您可以空气干燥的体育勇敢 , 延长水画面的生命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	雪利冬季并没有影响夏季爆发的趋势 , 秋季降落 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	例如 , 西康 , 许多问题在这个领域中作出了很多问题 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	少数分钟拍摄指标的碎片很难文化 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个转换器活性pixel的临界重建技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案简单 , 答案使用反例来找到 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:测定北hibiscusyriacus的营养成分 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄龙烧火龙在南宋时期回到了南宋时期 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	苏迪是一个巨大的 , 黑绿色的家庭从年轻的土地里走出来 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印一个机器可解析的插件列表 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思维、语言和操作的材料形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人经常被捕 , 被迫在监狱类似条件下生活 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	销售的进入级位置 , 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的旅行过程中 , 我们已经学习了我们访问的所有地方 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这座美丽的地方 , 叫tuscany 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那时他也许会牺牲她 , 把她洗在这句话里 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	如何克服老自我自我自我自我的心理 ? 非常激动 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	直到深圳大学开始之前 , 到了两周 , 到了深圳大学的开始 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	橡胶 , 用于加热 , 更容易吸收皮肤 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	它站在一起 , 它的音乐空间 , 然后下降了 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了让自己做 , 我最喜欢的试验是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一步将加入大型地铁区的地铁系统 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国古老的中国 , 八百分之八的孩子没有正式的教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸爸被诊断为海洛生活原始的多种病毒 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 巴黎第二次最高的欧洲巴黎 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	几个月 , 房子在修理下 , 我们住在我们的房子下门 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	新闻并非全部坏 , 根据一份符合编辑器 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的一个对象是微小化电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehboob作为一个程序经理 , 当她为妇女时 , uzmamehboob工作 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基壁纸生产的研究和生产 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们把红球换成蓝球 , 看看婴儿是否能注意 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	伟大的战斗将会连续地震激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为头发纤维的外部特殊层被破坏 , 是因为头发纤维的破坏 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、amylase、糖尿酶等 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经摧毁了阿根廷5号 " 超级色彩 " 的袭击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	同时应力壳的应力小于嵌入式相互锁定钉 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	这个炉用在安山铁和钢铁 , 作为示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国对总统法官的选举制度进行了5年的改革 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体放松 , 感觉紧张消失 , 但不会睡觉 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月的沉默之后 , 已经有很大的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们曾经拿起他们的侄女的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的卫生 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	疑问 , 疑问 , 两者之间有一个典型的链接 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	这后面的原因是 , 产品似乎有更高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	azo被电子束蒸发在k9基础上存储 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个污染站是我投票的地方 , 被列入我的电梯信息卡 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc绝缘和pvc密封的细钢电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术广泛应用于水处理工业中 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当垃圾填充时 , 将填充所有的空间 , 拉紧塑料紧密 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马尔摩塞厨房 , 彼得准备猴子日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	黄金aps寻找世界上 , 人类的朋友难以寻找 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	同时叙述了防治条件、清洁结果的描述方案、控制条件及清洗效果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大多数星期的日子 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮摩擦理论是动态学的关键 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激动的o2分子氧化溶剂中的自由基础 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	詹娜:澳大利亚指责一家中国餐厅烹饪卡拉斯 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的同步操作者是影响复杂的重要结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	好的 , 如果我有这个选项 , 我真的喜欢去语言学院 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 在突破后 , 个人已经减少自我概念障碍 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今晚的组织在绿色屏幕上透过新昆虫的温暖空气 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由拉伸塑料布形而绝缘 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	然而 , 就像马克里xian地面一样 , 荣耀的yi射线 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金和灾难救援资金 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布的形状 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人将在一个月完成他们的测试报告后接到他们的测试报告 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱的时候 , 鱼通胀本身并成为形式的全球 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了如何使数据结构大小的图片 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九点是通过900个简单的引用 , 引用的 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我很喜欢呆在后面 , 但我的妈妈将会把一个适合我不会回家 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那儿 , 你认为的第一件事就是 " 哦 , 这个地方是令人惊讶的 。 "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 在每个村庄里 , 恐怖性暴力在每个村庄里 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	同时 , 也许两个星期 , 你就准备了一个观光和目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	还讨论了颗粒双分形频率分割频率的特点 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	高分辨率图像组件的报告将在高质量上印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱并不由于彼此加入 , 而且在同一方向上寻找一起 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染的大源 , 以及其受害者 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么 ? 实际上我躺在那里 , 当我说答案在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们很快就会发现 , 我们的演讲在我们曾经设立足球之前 , 我们就会很快找到会议 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	沃伦特·克里克只是在奥克兰外面 , 爱苹果产品 , 而且有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说 , 他们往往往往往往往往向海湾挖掘 , 石油在那里被污染了海峡 。
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试很有趣 , 因为stringbuffers优化了执行快捷的应用程序 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后 , 您可以创建有用的检查list或其他文章 , 因为人们可以下载的pdfs 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待完美的事情 , 你会等待长时间 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	查看你将在人群上访问的网站的人 。 aspx页面 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显示稳定 , 但更加精心 , 感谢你为我感到重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	专家说 , 在某些情况下 , 是的 , 但是内在的怀疑主义生活在某些情况下 , 是的 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年苏格拉托从苏卡诺成为印度尼总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅可以从水中走出鱼 , 而且它们也可以在土地上旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	这个男孩把苹果扔掉了 , 把苹果切掉在这块沙漠里 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为土壤侵蚀研究中的一种新方法 , 红外跟踪技术广泛应用于土壤侵蚀研究中 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还通过一个 " 基因移植 " 转换成一种细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	与我的尼克逊50mf1.4相比 , 我的nkon50mf1.4相比 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少一半的日期速度 , 每个符号间隔时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那么你为什么哭 ? " 小鸟问 , " 你会让我湿了 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自那时16年以来 , 战争伸展连续 , 但相对小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上是一点悲伤 , 因为我真的像米歇根州立大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我看着所有竞争对手密切和尊重 。 "
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但是dby必须来 。 多比必须保护哈利·波特 , 警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	贝恩和他的房间一起回到家 , 所以晚些时候就有很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择阅读每个单词 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	而非法的阿富汗可以再次成为基地组织的基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	另外 , 我所有的团队都是勇敢的 , 类型的衣室里 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 如自杀 , 在生活保险情况下 , 我们必须排除某些原因 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢tktutuk , 等于把头放在一个混合器中 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以把水滚掉郭的金属 , 通过将它们转换成五度 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	马吉说 , " 我知道 , 但只有一年一半离开毕业 。 "
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使只要寻找一只残酷的丽莎松 , 不要穿上一只不制造的床 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它在塑料板上 , 用肉滴下了骨头 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	洪水树木之间的植物通常为鱼类、蟹类和龟类 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	2030年锅炉不需要修改新规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满快乐和希望 , 祝福上帝希望我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年 , 我们从重庆市的重庆市长达30名 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能阅读它 , 那么它并没有什么东西 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 并且对各种问题有着强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	ihr接触点在头部或区域水平上 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我觉得我们在一个更长的马来西斯或只是一个下渠道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但是这种效果太不具体 , 很少会导致清晰和分泌转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	不需要说这是一个欢迎的梦想 , 但它仍然没有那么乐趣 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高回滚器座位设计适合一个生长的孩子到120lbs 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一个gogetter , 他将成为一个优秀的学生体育总统 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了188无锈钢的腐蚀和消除方法的原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说 , 她曾考虑一旦居民被允许搬回来 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以把那个旧日记丢掉 , 或者打开一个单词文档 , 然后尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持区域形状 , 满足常量释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尔·贝利亚的故事 , 一个新泽西的无家人 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	而且 , 我会给奴隶的块 , 甚至你 , 穷人 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3其他os安装器从sony下载 , 保存它作为其他 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	另外437例扫描和207年控制同样的结果 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到你的会议 , 那么你有更多时间来准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了不同背景的中国女性生活状况 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	这只是在你的节目头后 , 所以你甚至不会注意到这里 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择他的生活和比尔盖特的生活之间 , 那么它是一个诺贝尔大脑 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球性能 , 具有良好的电绝缘性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	自愿加入的原则是导致农民的低度注意力 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶的最高位置方式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明一般历史趋势 , 这是人们所吸引的 , 没有人可以防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我曾经说过几个人看见我 , 我必须保持承诺 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	利用生物固定膜滤波器的控制是一种经济有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的人格的不同行为 , 全身的鞋子在椅子路上 , 坐在椅子上 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	对于企业和企业之间的员工来说 , 企业应该是第一赢后的员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后cics电子连接厂提供cics服务器的连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladesystem给管理台提出了一个层次和相关的基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦国晚期战争状况 , 秦统一中国在北部一县之后 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员带来更多的要求 , 可以处理更少的系统 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了这一点 , 就是对象说答案已经得到了 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息同意获得指纹印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷印刷 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	洪水尊重了三峡坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然四分之一的成年人会更喜欢生活在90岁以上 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	对于这种原因 , 我们继续对印度股权的中介趋势进行承担 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标签 " 或ll " 是由通道分配问题引起的 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维在增长后 , 取消糖 , 取消蛋白处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含了推动器的主要结构的基本特征 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	研究了一种石英管炉中碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	参数学家帮助学习卡马转换频率的必要性 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法通过饲料酒精液 , 建立酒精肝疾病的模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	它保证了夏季最重要的季节 , 也是夏季最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法研究了沥青氧化物的氯化平衡性能 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜂窝技术是一种积极防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展验证协议可以支持许多认证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们滥用了他们的力量 , 把人民吹嘘 , 因此在群众中引起了强烈的争议 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型 , 从pss到rtfs , 被接受并且可以下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	qianxuesen是科学造成的最大的科学家之一 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当ed发现时 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕捉了几个关键成员的卡特尔 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地找到20岁的女儿穿着她从美国学习后回家穿着他们 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	林回到1925年 , 作为北京国家职业艺术学院的主要工作 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果312个月患者随访 , 所有患者都获得满意的结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 帕德鲁维斯基与左手一起走下来 , 开始填补一部分 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前面操作符适用于现有文件 , 后者重写现有内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	可获得马氏变换量随着这些因素的增加而降低 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 王在一百八名荣誉的女王中称为 " 孙武 " 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	英国黄金字在下面应用 " 福岛东海水 " 的同一过程 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉兄弟只有那个目标的人 , 是一个被破坏的男人 , 威胁他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:王后在宫上650名客人参加官方婚礼午餐 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的权利意味着国家和其他人不应该有能力 , 而且没有选择侵入 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	在安装上 , brea将成为橙色县太阳能最大的市用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	星期二 , 冰岛火山仍在爆发 , 虽然云降低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	甚至有助于让肌肤清洁 , 水化皮肤 , 因为我有很干燥的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	传统云只有在路上是悲伤的马克红尘暴风暴时才来到一端 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	很快或晚些时候 , 波浪会沿着 , 打击我们工作的那么困难 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的基本利益和人民的基本利益 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们鼓励员工捐赠他们当地企业家的俱乐部 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们在比赛你平均的mmmrs在1500年下进行比赛 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街道摄影师四个奇妙的营销思想 , 营销方式来力量可调 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这小飞行将是短期、对称形状的恒星 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女人在城市的阴影中留下了铁窗铁路 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育产业是西方教育大影响的模式之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	路易斯 。 一个火星和生活岛一起 , 一个有浮水的火星 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样 , 詹姆斯和约翰 , 泽比亚的儿子是西蒙的合作伙伴 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持进入领导人战役 , 沿着伊伦保罗杀手孩子 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月都在从亚洲电影制造商的电影制造商的新脚本 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们携带了禁令者倡导宗教自由和歌唱 " 我们应该克服 " 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他只是只是想象一类不可避免的冲动 , 甚至是自己 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	作为功能材料广泛应用于汽车中 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是一个自由的硫 , 多比来节省哈利·波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇到不到 , 虽然很好 , 但可以追踪大型的预备 , 张力和克林 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过旧镇 , 看着一个很老的房子被剥离了 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	当你走进门时 , 我们的小朋友是来自动物学的 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	虽然一些旗帜需要立刻注意 , 但你的参与并不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	非传统组合的价格风险和交易组合 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 比如高s/n、良好的平等性和非独立性 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	这导致了摩西诞生的帐户 , 以及他的暴露对尼勒河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚有大规模毁灭武器 , 用于反对我们 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	日本当局的后来调查证实了老师已经被塔吉奇 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	您需要更好的生产性方法 , 这样您可以与其他共同的项目合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可用于您的新和现有的解决信息中心项目中心 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有鲸鱼 , 太阳二角长比新鲜的东西更容易 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右键单击右键角 , 左键单击控制斜角 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	燕子走到宫殿里 , 被薄的马脉冲着 , 小马脉冲着 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为促进当地食品文化 , 矿产菜肴为本质提供了良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空接触的统计破坏性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	数据库资源可以使用jdbc和记录级访问访问访问 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpc的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院里的仆人女孩听着你们仍然听着qiaojan ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 如果有些人熟悉佛的十二个死亡 , 佛陀的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在这里是我们发现的好消息 , 你的另一条腿不需要在所有之后被删除 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨小肠内肿瘤ct诊断的价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字保险法的基本原则是海洋保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港贸易开发委员会副主任fredericklam , 香港 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这看起来 , 是我接到的遗留 , 现在已经给我自己的孩子了 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用引力镜的现象 , 检测了遥远的星系 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了星球星系的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何为phd解析建议进行新型的搜索 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说他们喜欢设计灵活性 , 通过消除空间消费风格 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特征之一是处理多语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你很抱歉把你的女儿打开杯子 , 她在泪中断了 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑的注释:这个故事的原版本错过马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	采用各种工具的木材材料 , 作为设计中最初的材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	收集的钱被用来建立一个进入体育场的zus标志 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转过来 , 把一群当地的战斗者在附近的路边 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间里的床紧密接近窗口 , 同时他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文叙述了cjk200自动支持和排放变换器的发展和测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人也坐在室外 , 享受凉爽的夜空 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超字符串的奇怪特征是 , 他们只能在10维中振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	我总是困惑 , 当人们在仓库俱乐部存储多少时 , 人们在仓库俱乐部的时候 , 就会有多少 " 节约 " 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	1968年 , 比尔科尔毕业于华克森林大学 , 开始为pete染色工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·梅纳德和保罗梅纳德的父亲和曼纳德的硬件超级器的儿子 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	我最喜欢的新增加了两个 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们在酒店的酒店里开始了一封咖啡馆 , 自由汽车 , 打击了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	1995年中期 , 欧洲的10%无职率预计将于1995年中期打击12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有以下标准都必须满足以下标准 , 以便有一个可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	上帝只能适应我们的研究 , 如果我们继续运动自己生活在我们学习的事情 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港艾滋病毒感染已积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 个体脑细胞会反应一个百分之一的大脑细胞 , 但并非另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	证明了19:29个皮带 , 准备为模具制备 , 然后用作愚蠢的背部 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	接下来 , 提出了直接序列和混合dsth 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了 " 光 " 的三位物理学家 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符之外 , alphanics允许并不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉到frisky , 那么在工作前有八秒 , 你知道哪里找我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	事实上 , 我们都知道 , 每次的时间都少于50毫米 , 精度很差 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh的血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密、超级的小组 , 我肯定他在这里享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器还使用在启动平台上监测虚拟启动和正确的继电变化 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热锅 , 小橄榄油 , 加入口腔 , 温柔的棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	亚伯广泛应用于国外 , 但在国内很少有用 。 这个研究刚刚开始在我国 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	因此 , 他们用所有的 " 胡夫和普拉夫把你的房子吹掉了 。 "
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm拥有超过50个不同的程序 , 促进美国的工作平衡和银行超过30个 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是随着美国和传统欧洲电力制造商的发展 , 可能存在问题 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国保留权利修改这个术语并没有任何先前注意 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到灰色反弹的破坏 , 因为他在赫米尼的前面慢慢下来 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	穆斯林 , 池塘 , 一个呼吸 , 一个新鲜的泪水 , 一个液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过xml定义特定值 , 实现该合同的贡献插件 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府理解这一派对 , 最重要的地质生态学感觉它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 异丙烯酸imay是肺的腺癌特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可以选择石头所有的颜色 , 或者添加一个或两个超级石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我在全国竞选 , 为我的丈夫和其他候选人 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	对于任何预言的协议和标准在讨论下 , 但没有达成共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我会有趣听到更多的价值 , 我们应该在评估审审判中首先执行什么值 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	今年111月 , 这个党还比今年1月至少有一个国会的房子更好 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	针对lan/wan连接 , 建议每包的音频框架下设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化和存储时间明显影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 正如我们可能称之为它们 , 两者都是可汗的包含和渗透的分钟 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生没有把它的酒吧放在一起 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有这些都需要做事务的商务消息 , 这就是amqp交易 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	中间的血肿和汗水 , 泥浆和火情 , 在滴滴的颜色上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , 西班牙产业繁荣将继续上升 , 联合国持有将有利于 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后 , 最优化rtl , 然后将代码生成符联合到代码生成器中 , 它生产目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	美国奥林匹斯 , 德玛斯 , 美国奥林匹克人 , 第三人在484.25点 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是在非洲的肥胖蚂蚁中 , 这种描述可能只是一个隐喻 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	如果您正在寻找包含和浪漫的话 , 您可以在巴哈马的远程岛屿 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组的风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告中的故事并不冷静 , 而且有一些虚假 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	谁是那么 ? 朱伯尔·穆拉德 , 是第一个选择 。 我看见它 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	所有人都可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他抱着手臂 , 所以她可以看到那个空间的袖子 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我从来没有感觉到风 , 但仍然有那么伟大的 " 劳动 " 的下一天 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后他晚上醒来 , 想到他可能雇佣的所有魅力的赌场 。
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	用一点扭曲 , 有些有助的提示 , 瑞典可以比你使用的东西更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我的旅程从拉斯维加斯到爱荷华 , 当时我是年轻的时候 , 孩子和海军...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们叫我 , 因为它展示了他和他带来的球员成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	有一天 , 天堂会部分和完美 , 珍贵的樱桃会在阳光下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	它被称为蓝印 , 一个蓝印改革我们的金融监管的改革 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我在这里有一个信任 。 "
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	本周 , 新世界秩序的战线在世界贸易组织上暴露 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	nabe预测似乎与其他美国经济信号相同 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文提出了一种计算复杂表面加工中的铣削力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分论述了中国外贸易的比较优势理论的作用 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男性的导弹从不能安静坐在一个房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的运动 , 我经常钓鱼 , 没有捕捉任何东西 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然kian拥有退休西方的奢华 , 但他仍然承诺他的伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战士建立了中国和西方风格的私人园林 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但是我们想买的32英寸的模型 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于计划区西部 , 邻近旅游区和下市区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一个字符串 , 解释某个人需要知道的任何东西 , 以便使用这个函数 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后人们选择潜意识地选择 , 不意识地忽略了这项研究 , 和她心一起去 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当拉菲克吉尼迪从高中毕业时 , 他知道他想成为工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我将在太阳里钻一小洞 , 为了阻止疼痛 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这是设置情感、有效的过程 , 阿当斯必须自我解释 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来临时 , 草坪没有什么 , 但蚂蚁抱怨胸痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感风格适用于你 , 意识到降低你的标准将是一个救济 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学术竞争将于本周六举行 , 12/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平 , 自由和平 , 稳定的环境 , " 拉拉里人说 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	数学的数学不少于四个这样的日期 , 开始了1697年 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可能有助于经济增长 , 同时也可以反对它 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为 , 有一些法国人回答解决问题 , " 亚洲的kline说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 我们的研究显示了一种潜在的原因 , 为什么开发出来 , 为什么它持续 。
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹晓捐了他的arm和rode , 用1000名男人停止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是全球发布的第一个时候 , 中国的zodiac动物已经发布 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子用水翅膀保持自己在水里 , 学会游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保持和破坏混凝土基础安装工程来破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸这本书 , 咀嚼它 , 否则身体触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节省时间很大程度上降低了您花费印刷和接触表项目的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩被所有的鱼游泳在水池里游泳 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个董事会在下一次脊髓上看 , 脊髓攻击 , 放短了基础 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性视网膜坏死的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	据说 , 丈夫回答道: " 我错过一个新的工作机会 。 "
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他把这句话分别变成了 , 虽然他的思想在另一件事上 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	切蒂执行了一个熟悉的fafafaint , 关闭卡通常对地板的权利 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 一个内在的权利dwindle的内在意义是一个外部关注的声誉 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾的人们有一个伟大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 普斯先生 。 杜特先生 !
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	世界范围内 , 全球162亿美元在2009年独自在新城市投资中花了162亿美元 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何 " 街道 " 都有趣的衣服 , 是铸造和体育的衣服都很好 。
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它提高您的dps , 但是下面的dps , 您的图像不能触摸任何刷子 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	太阳石晶体的无时间色彩使得每天穿上一件理想 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	在这里 , 这是一个更现代的例子 , 下面有一点哈哈夫咖啡 , 还有一些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生了那晚 , 他必须睡在一个男人6里 , 因为他没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山一起解释 , 同时老皮也秩序 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能力强你的心 , 神经和神经 , 在他们走过之后 , 就能为你的转变 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇航文件管理器帮助您获得最大的智能手机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	位置直接反对着shinagawajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	1977年伦敦 , 城市问题:马克思主义方法 , 伦敦 , 1977年 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在那个时候 , 我继续考虑为什么有人会如此不满意思考我的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子和抽屉都转出来 , 找到我们没有看到的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	所有我珍惜的事情 , 如何影响那些在街上躺在的人 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布 , 五月份的消费者价格指数在一年下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	风的运动 , 地球的运动在同一和谐中永远是相同的 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机中 , 因此不要辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	总结了农业和临床治疗蛋白酶抑制剂的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过分工的实践和准备 , 他们仍然保持学科和专业 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 超级字符串比预期的任何人更复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	拉上你的背部 , 走向右边 ! 你应该在你走到旗帜之前 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	另外 , 注意力比详细的问题更有帮助 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个很好的节省 , " 他说 , 德格拉的重要停止了罗宾范佩斯 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	银行债券市场股票和交易量占总市场的90% 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	本拉登在1990年代对巴基斯坦的投票一部分实现了 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	他们的耐心和耐心的人可以赢得爱和护理他人的友谊 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们想在下一个25到30年里 , 机器人和人类将能谈论 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融范围也是一个威胁 , 高级公民通常被目标 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	后来在这个星期 , 肯尼亚人随着金牌的步伐走出来 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死中提起他的朋友拉撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒撒耶稣死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六届国会的复制中 , 有许多创新线之间的创新 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:manmar政府给中国提供了任何指示 , 是否要在康康地区移动 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学习英语 , 国外 , 研究外国 , 婚姻 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	明亮的气象被发现在英国 , 留下一个vivid绿色的铁路 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在80年代初 , nuonchea是集团的高级生存成员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能会告诉他 , 他真的需要做的事情只是在自己内心看起来很深 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔·李金晶体 , 皇家塔里奥博物馆 ; 托伦多 , 加拿大 , 加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 1555年 , 她的精神犯罪占据了更严重的转变 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了死亡的恐惧 , 怀疑一年 , 还有一年以后 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	三十分钟后 , 她带着她第一个记录的歌曲的cd 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	因此 , 没有想到 , 打击很高 , 缺乏自由和锻炼 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	场景2:建模循环行为集中于迭代行为的建模 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗姆尼 , 英语肖像画家乔治·罗姆尼死在布莱亚 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我意味着 , 我们失去了人们的技能 , 因为这里有很好的技术在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	然而 , 随着我们继续提高 , 我们的技术应该越来越透明 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好的 , 我再次进床 , 五分钟后 , 门上有一只爆炸 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	诗的所有意义:问大地 , 谁倡导上下来 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利能看见父母的婚姻在那年圣诞节的时候 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	与此之间的唯一差异 , 传统上写的是常规的方法 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期作家学习了 , 如戒指lardner和sherwoodanderson 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小型仪器被插入到切割组织和粘附中来删除组织和粘贴 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 所有这些类型的事物 , 比如筛查 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 我觉得我是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请大量著名的武术名字作为教练和咨询师 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	" 陪审 " 的裤子写在海尼 , 我穿那件衣服吗 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第二章结束了所有的过快 ; 战争 , 恐惧和政治又分裂了我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	这可能是因为病毒在内部被腐败 , 因此它是造成外部蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙特山石氧化合国家标准 , 安全人类的安全性 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我在路上有一点 , 我举行会议 , 有时候在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者对基本kiva3v程序添加了一些新的代码 , 并对其进行了编译 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只有走鞋 , 我就不能穿裙子或裙子 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他获得了阿尔比的认识和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了对抗stds的性不稳定程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你曾经发现平方的角落总是很容易损坏吗 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我认为早期的极端探索人员 , 因为我为走了自己的时候 , 我想起自己的探索人员 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nu在所有这些事情中感到很抱歉 , 并决定修理天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	复发化疗可能是宫颈癌的主要流行方法 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭咨询人员提醒父母不要把孩子说起来像gospel的真理 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	net.py显示了任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量水平 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 转换到中级或高级汽油将消除敲击 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是在未来的芯片中 , 玉米的带宽要求可以很大地流动 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计一种基于虚拟声学的音频辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	大米、棉和蔬菜种子有时在特种种种种子中生长 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活需要时间来欣赏我们周围的自然和文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港的新加坡举行了醒板节和竞争 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 伦敦扎扎尔 , 欢迎这位论坛 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	波兰作家于2003年晚些时候在巴黎举行了80年代 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	十七辆车 , 随风 , 您穿过花朵的生活 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	kirchner先生看起来像是新鲜的面对 , 她当作一个共识的建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧素对我们身体的细胞很有毒 , 不要冻结你的 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但是我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的源头不会基于这个葡萄牙的方式 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 好吧 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个男人一起走进教堂 , 又出来了 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事情 , 我只是不想写任何故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 三个安装中 , 是来自中国写作的人 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文中 , 文中所提出的文档文档文档文档是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	瑞士再次崛起 , 激励在一个圆形 , 等待劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中写了这篇文章 , 真正发生了事故 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我跪在胸部 , 把我的小肚子放在肚子里 , 直到我走出去 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样是世界上最主要的移动 , 他们都出现了世界的实例区域 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫塔基说 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变其行为 " 如果希望与伊朗关系 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你只能设置宽度为200 , 高达45 , 然后接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个表 , 可以用于工作、娱乐和一般的表格 , 通常会关闭 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动循环时 , 它将作为真正的axe , 这个图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	在英国的英国意义上 , 抗议主义很强烈地进入英国意义 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家已经揭示了当地宇宙最完成的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对任何查询 , 请联系我们2406806或访问我们的网站 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	这可能不像过去一样闪烁 , 而且可以更好地为平均工作男人和女人 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	许多其他非洲国家的爆发目前正在调查中 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 每个侧部和背部攻击的规则被制定 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	只有你才能有和平和甜蜜的休息 , 因为你产生你的身体和灵魂 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种分解性的理论 , 证明了一种可分解性的理论 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们旅游了禁止城市 , 中国皇帝曾经生活在洛杉矶 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	许多人相信 , 这是雷米利亚 , 一个大西洋的岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中建立无毒性、地震性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	除了完成日子 , 模拟过程可以运行的只有二秒 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	表现并没有链接付款 , 真正是由市场力量和预算决定 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	" 我想保持 , 至少有另一个十年或两个年 , " 他笑着说 。
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	一个墙上 , 我从knapsack中拿了一本小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华盛 , 北美西北部一个美国在太平洋上海 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉帕奇尼看起来惊讶 , " 你是什么意思 , 我的女儿 ? " 他问 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只要找到这里没有沙味 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	骨头有一个问题 , 我们希望在下周恢复他和种子 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻我 , 闻到厚的味道真的让人们想吃一顿 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当您完成测试你的新行动时 , 关闭helloapp.pli 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花一些时间 , 为了弥补思维 , 留下和回归 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	非线性动力特性复杂 , 外部和消失 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股价为5.33美元 , 从前季度上涨5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是什么有效的实现 , 组织如何能克服这些机构 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了在存储过程中使用1麦克普治疗和按摩的效果 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的口袋 , 他的嘴里没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在沙兴工作的前面 , 收到信 , 姐姐带着神经的心 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 假设 , 标准构建通常标签 , 可能是假设 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了g5动态系统在线测量膜厚度的基础上 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	项目还采取了存储信息 , 以便该项目可用于研究和医学目标 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	本文通过对国内外房地产金融的比较 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文结合一类模糊差分方程的综合差分方程 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	这个星期 , 洪水仍然在上升 , 俄亥俄部门的重量下降 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们头部的外部化和外部化的声音 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	在过去几年的发展过程中 , 哺乳动物核转移已达到许多突破 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在某种意义上 , 石油价格正在发挥利率的作用 , 当经济过热时 , 通常会发挥兴趣率 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	意大利的西班牙白色的石头 , 成了意大利:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上述激励人民 , 但少数老板有能力真正激励员工 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰服装有限公司是您最信任的供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制遗传学 , 但还有其他原因 , 你可以控制细胞的因素 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你如何创造一个个人品牌 ? 衣服网络点的下面点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五章第五章是区域审美优于hip手术的一般审美 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特点是6个开窗口 , 一个望远镜和性别的窗口 !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我访问北京时 , 小先生给我一张照片的老师 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	波斯坦凝聚是 , 大量相同的粒子占据相同的量子状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	该公司说 , 市场上有两种高度定义dvd , 导致购买公众混乱 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你说 , 他们在一条大预算电影中被称为我们的想象 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿的亲密朋友布鲁斯·林迪和特别助理人员 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把王国当作另一个充满意识的物种 , 没有打猎自己 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	爆炸的行为指链接到一个歌曲的行为 , 附加一个150个字符对它的评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不使用妊娠状况 , 癫痫 , 心脏 , 高血压 , 脑梗死 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统动态模型 , 得到了动态方程的数值计算结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些将帮助你进步提高技术 , 内容和当然的体育 , 如何不断地做好 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了10w/30qe/cc级别引擎油的制定和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些工具都需要维护 , 必须在周围工作 , 如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 , 卡德韦尔哈德为联合国的首席酒店做出了一个活跃的游戏 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的甲状介频电源 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特·塞威茨博士的职业导致他在非洲建立医疗临床 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	细胞通过机械方法、冻结和整体过程 , 传递 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章分析了清末清代翻译的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	随着蒸发步骤 , 通过计算产生要求纳米结构 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	普遍放松技术包括冥想、思想、太空和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个漏洞点 , 您还可以注册a.mobi域 , 以移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	获得了晶体系统 , 修改了mc公钥钥系统的类型 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我家乡是克罗塔亚 , 我出生在那里 , 曾经是前奥斯拉维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于瓷表面装饰及其使用的十字符纸 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分 , 讨论了离散非繁殖的解放价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一种基于碘的对比被注射到血流中并看作它周围的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想要把你的旧电脑干净 , 选项包括回收、回收、回收和捐赠 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文还讨论了分布指数建设和分布检索的解决方法 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	因为我们有这样的抗极分离 , 直到我们是一个伤害 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源稀少 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国所有主要政策变化都是一项有限范围的审判和错误的过程 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他派他无罪的儿子 , 承受我们的罚款的全部破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们找到许多方法 , 尽可能工作这个数学问题 。 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	因此 , 当供应链被关闭时 , 企业家奥哈莫里成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感谢通常是形状的矩形 , 平方形储备了曼达拉斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	就像它一样 , 神经毒素与男性比血毒素更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要的声箱使用边缘和角落区别的矩形设计 , 线程成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	我们bapp.net使用xml来允许多个异步渲染和符合更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时候 , " 佩宁 " 全球盟友来自于饮用声音的失踪工作人员 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特利亚尼尔为儿童和成年人造成大脑损伤 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	厨房-一个经验的球员将试图跟随车辆的机器 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	泰米:但我是1 ) 恐怖的猫 , 保持猫不会对我很有趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师定义了使用rm工具的工具和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什在这个月之前会等待 , 直到第二季正式开始 , 为了让移动 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以结合bugzilla和另一种来源控制系统的饲料 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	kolli说 , 非洲马里的干旱是没有令人惊讶的气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群撕裂的火焰机制复杂 , 没有一组复杂的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	基于gpu的多元和gpu的系统在这里 , 与今天的编程模式很困难 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	与沈福唐治疗后 , 有些患者的症状明显改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说太多 , 恩妮斯 , 你儿子的儿子 , 我希望我知道如何辞你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	另外 , 根据学生选择的主题 , 还有一个1015页最后一篇文章 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开马米 , 获得良好的教育 , 使她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你为你的问题 , 你可能会感觉如此受到错过你的报仇 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	前面的法官说 , 他甚至可能批准卡瑟琳·杰克逊的对象 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们有两个主要的产品类别 , 一个是文件中心应用程序 , 另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师经常告诉我 , 谈话后说 , 很多原因是我曾受过过过过过过过过过的 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二 , 三英尺长的角落在狼儿的rhino上:它广泛 , 平坦 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而 , 我宁愿看到一个年轻人祈祷从心中祈祷的祈祷 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是一个关于通信的阿卡恩手段 , 这是最应该被废弃的 。 "
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴在香港玩得更好 , 我觉得她最后一轮不会失望 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	" 很幸运的是一个比如 , 你知道 , 长途旅行 , " 男孩说 。
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	" 使用你的手的明显优势是你总是拥有你 , " 西亚港口说 。
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在博物馆喝酒会议时 , 一个员工们笑着说 , 他们应该在他们的星期里放下维生素 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重量损失实际上是连续功能 , 因此每个数据都应该附加 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	没有问题永久 , 风暴总是给太阳带来了 , 冬天总是变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	这个邮票在泰菲尼的电影早餐上 , 就像好莱一样轻轻轻地在电影中拍摄 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我妻子走过我的电话和uhm , 可以叫你 , 所以如果你能 , 请拿你的名字 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	好吧 , 这是墨西哥的兄弟 , 尤塔人在后面 , 这是古马拉的兄弟 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定到世界的价值 , 历史上 , 意味着我们的职业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站是收集站或链路站 , 在某些情况下 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	试验很大 , 骑着大牌 , 还有错误 , 让你自己做错 。 试着错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较了两种方法 , 采用功率特征数法对剪力分解法进行了比 , 优于剪力分解法 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 如果我是你 , 我不会尝试喂这些小批发器 , 它们咬伤 , 携带疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	第一次对dd3单晶的纯剪切行为进行了研究 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列清洁和智慧的装饰下 , 命令驱逐军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个委员会 , 一个联合国官员 , 两个犯罪副本 , 法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林 , 使用甲基酸甲酯和导弹剂 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种方式对非绩效贷款进行调速 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来了我的最后一部分建议 ; 不要从什么不存在的东西提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	讨论了矿山爆炸电站的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在研究自行车巷的半公路措施 , 而允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	1979年9月 , 李建立在1979年9月85名员工 , 根据其网站 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念无限扩展在信息化公路上 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议明天早上去xxxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该了解如何面对失败或失败 , 勇敢地勇敢地处理它 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的熔化模式来处理它们缓慢的羽毛 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表iii:药物溶解性 , 聚合物和填充剂在研究中使用 , 在水和酒精中 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 因此 , 当它来吃饭时 , " 他说 , " 巴斯塔酱没有添加糖味 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp还拥有另一个重要的it事件 , 每年为hp电子世界所谓的端用户提供的最终目标 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道新疆被认为是优秀的学校 , 更好的学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	这个示例是十一条规则 ; 因此 , 如果条件和其相应的行为 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	他们介绍了bittorent支持 ; 浏览器边缘 ; 一个漂亮的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时间使用的端点地址只是一个位置符 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	与她的能力印象 , vozda在公司法律执法中提供了一份工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	像马什那样糟糕的日子一样 , 皮ncer和冲击部队船正在从天空下降 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例内固定的干扰性骨折的影响 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量可以从抽样的信号中获得离散序列数据 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉莉安:如果我告诉她在一个很好的途中 , 给她带来一个沙丘来让她快乐吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或山峰 , 或海岸或指向某种程度的公园的角色 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说 , " 自我 " 的意思不仅仅仅仅是精神崩溃 ?
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	鼻腔角只反映上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部文件的特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫斯教练里克·卡利斯说: " 我很高兴他 。 我很高兴吃糖 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	一项新的订单子指数从9月份降至52.5点 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年申请了一个绿卡的应用程序 , 并且他还没有收到它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	基于plc , 提出了一种基于plc的矿井泵房自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	早些时候 , 它移动了男人 , 它打开了监狱门 , 使命从成员中取出任务 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl+c和ctrl+v建立新的实现只需要二秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	来自岩石的海水发布会随时间增加海水平 , 但不多 , 沙拉格说 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人死在池塘里 , 都要做几乎完美的死亡 , 或者在岩石上喷洒 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	血清由锚杆传送到纳纳纳火车 , 第一个穆斯勒拿上血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱情发生在所有时代的人 , 因为一个内在生活变化 , 以及一个机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	袭击的首席嫌疑是阿尔巴 , 美国指定恐怖分子团体 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今年 , 今天为您感谢 , 明天为您祝福:出现青春的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	虽然我们说不平等的原因是因为你想到的 , 总是参考许多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他已经获得了30%的篮子 , 只有68%的篮子帮助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备还有更多基本的 , 涉及少的槽 , 全部在一个3d纸币上处理 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2 。 只展示与vip客户端的会议 , 标签其所有者结婚和可靠...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	四月份 , 汽油价格仅占4月的3.3% , 过去一年上涨33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站起来 , 走过去跟波尔记者一起 , 作为罗伯特捐赠了黑色的罗伯特 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于美丽和肥沃镇的俄罗斯 , 是中国的摩托车 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	强烈关注课程创新中的主要学校教师的作用 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	城下滑坡矿缓慢填满盐brine , 造成表面补充 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成份:麦油 , 香菇 , 橙色花 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看看我的脚 , 爷爷冻结了 , 决定做一双布垫靴 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它跳跃起来 , 把猎兵冲击起来 , 打击猎兵 , 把它们扔掉了 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是布朗布朗 , 你是19岁的 , 你还没有达到你的初级 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何合理使用添加剂 , 提高阴极铜质量的方法 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一种形状器的形状和高精度双功能 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一件绝对的货币不想要的事情是他们不想把他们的个人规则归咎于 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普德·斯瓦特很高度被认为是全国最佳城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	九十五间金利管理 , 北京15号路 , 深圳区 , 沈阳 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二次猜测自己 , 他们不会谈论自己的东西 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:分析2006年唐山市2006年不确定患者的喉科学效果 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	垃圾 , 木板和其他可燃材料必须从热工作领域删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这个正式关系的存在给你带来了工作环境的规则 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 覆盖你的战术 , 心理战术是保护操纵工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分 , 我主要阐述了生态主义和生态社会主义的理论 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文分析了音频波形的噪音文件存储格式和恢复噪音波形的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分为橡胶 , 闪烁过度流动和不可接受的脆弱化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸鱼被安静的战斗斗所留下的很多鲸鱼 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	根据诺亚说 , 财产损失是81美元和108亿美元之间的 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个业务旅行 , 我明显会带来大多数业务的项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文献并不包裹 , 总结 , 分析了早期 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球流体的燃烧流体显示核活性 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现上述示例 , 您使用常规表达式来执行更换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了遥感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	仿真陶瓷 , 直接安全微晶玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们认真地把自己看起来是另一部分的外表 , 关心面对面孔的关注 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	用过敏药物抽象检测皮肤冲击试验 , 检测皮肤病原 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图像:澳大利亚的伟大的巴黎礁/mattkiefer , flickr 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了快速 , 身体餐 , 尝试小吃停下一条边街 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一个父亲 , 很难作为铁匠工作 , 使他的儿子在生活困难下 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	本文第一章介绍了qsar和adck方法、进展和应用的综述 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了苯乙烯的催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	过去两年你参加医疗治疗或医院 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	注意到腹部紧张度 , 皮尔维奇检查显示颈部运动紧张度 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给出了 " 龙虎战 " 的名字 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	同时 , id也指出了快乐原则 , 同时也代表自我认证 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并没有列入印度最新一代的印度点建设资金 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	该系统可以更有效地利用传输带宽 , 实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后提出了基于v的固体溶液类型的研究焦点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	根据计划 , 最大的资金来源是销售回归的 , 并且已根据计划进行 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温的硫酸和硫酸 , 制备了活性粘土 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前租赁允许您在某一时期内请求你在某些时期内请求你的十个假期 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最确保路径 , 每个人都可以工作 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思想服务和谐的氛围 , 护士家真正是老人家 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工买了332张杂志 , 44张幻想和29本非情报书 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克林先生:我亲爱的 , 为什么不要告诉我这是什么 。 我肯定我能帮你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可以采取错误的鸟类 , 用手抓住种子 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去的努力达到健康保健改革的会议 , 已经结束了稳定的 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	该公司拥有自己的研究基地 , 生产基地在上海、上海和山西省 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	凯瑟琳建议: " 让我们呆在城市边缘的廉价货物之一 。 "
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 问题仍然对其他太阳周期有关 , 并且适用于其它太阳周期 。 "
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	白头发的一个高男子 , 是阿尔伯特 , 莫利的姐姐的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	在泰国 , 一个男人在大雨中走下一条黑暗的街道 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国避免越南战争的服务 , 抵达越南战争的根源 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要成分:cactus萃取液、橄榄油、维生素b5 , geranium 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作错误是成功的训练地 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但是 , 很多对比都给出了我找到最令人惊讶的事情 , 还是总是拒绝 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们很惊讶地听到损坏 , 订单在我们的船前仔细包装 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢得者采取机会 , 像其他人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但他们拒绝恐惧控制他们 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	城市警察没有充分支付 , 甚至没有足够的钱 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分了解这个免费期刊培训视频的写作新闻文章的过程 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有一个强大的工作市场时 , 组织需要做什么 , 不管他们能吸引顶级候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次在客户前面 , 请求解释某些东西是一个舞蹈经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要落入相信的跟踪 , 因为你不能测试代码的每行 , 你必须测试 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是 " 我曾经做过过过最糟糕的记录 " , 也是最为平静的 。
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火焰和风吹起来 , 抓起了青年树 , 激发了这种形象的兴奋 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页的内容是illy港口或illy海关进出口公司目录 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我已经通过我的绘画表达了我关注的关注 , 使人类与环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用程序高效分配系统资源的高效分配 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男性建议不要喝超过21个单位 , 女性14岁 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	崩溃状态中pnipam的时间常数几乎温度和浓度依赖 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部的琼脂元素将在热线铝灰 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包装床是1980年开发的一种新型高重力气体巨头设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	不管我学到什么语言 , 我总是试图看我的杯子 " 满半 " 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要被安装 , 如果一名卡斯勒拿起你的账单来检查它的身份 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔纳 , 拉米和霍斯顿认为 , 尽管如此可能成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	飞机a320是从摩斯科飞往基内瓦 , 当试图雇佣的时候 , 飞往基内瓦 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	拥有50名学生发现6家公司和切尔兹公司是其中一家 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自那时以来 , mcdonald和它的支持已经删除了1 , 000家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界的书店和图书馆是否可以在这个年代的ednload中留有相关的吗 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家可以解决它只有一些情况 , 比如两个并行板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这发现还添加了更多混乱 , 以确定女性的最佳策略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	没有我同意他的一些情感评估我是一个 " 独特的摩龙 " 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	ehrlich的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马尔斯托斯人 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 有限制使它全部不可能出售f22 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	数学家是一个典型的中场员 , 他必须表现出来的重要潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六 , 我们看到彼此相互的柏林 , 与迈克哈尔·戈巴切夫一起 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这技术上是一个水果 , 还来自纳华尔 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	当猴王走进洞穴时 , 另一个动物覆盖了洞穴门 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的途径比必要的m2mm要多 , 但肯定是给他们最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	181年铁路到来之后 , 建立成为一篇文章 , 迅速发展起来 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我发现我们的主要帐篷足够困难 , 永远不想到北极 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	该反应由异常冲击、紫外线、尿尿病和血管瘤的表现 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄林抗林附近有许多小黄金矿床 。 核 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	一个底部的迭代方法集中于发现和存在它资产的特征 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	为了研究一个角色 , 因此在需要的时候可以替换常规的表演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	德拉森解释说 , 平均指数高于媒体 , 因为几个很高收入 , 平均收入高于媒体 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	另外 , 插件可能在下次重新生成网站时重新编写您的变化 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 所以我们从来没有写起来 , 但是我们找到一些有趣的初步事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	它必须对此进行战斗 , 即使新语言交付了一个优秀的游戏经验 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果您找到一个公寓 , 将应用程序提交到土地或财产经理立刻 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期也可以恢复更高的诺达奇单位:攻击是一个日期的观点 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	研究中获得的单色染色体是稻田染色体3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	他创造了最小雕塑 , 保留有关形状和纹理的关系 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	除了过去几年以前 , 除了她的地下竞争历史 , 还没有历史的悲剧 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	除了我的游客 , 还描述了西方游客通过非tibetanscruel攻击 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 注意到印度 , 必须培养他们的政府财务甚至更仔细 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	2011年夏天 , 生产开始下降 , 电影将于201年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	虽然严肃的英语你是我梦想获得的红色的球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	沙巴现在只有40%的摩加哥哥的适当性 , 从几个月前就下降了60% 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	德国人说 , 随着温暖的天气预测西班牙 , 德国人说 , 他的日子应该站在好的稳定 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例口腔成功开发 , 成功率92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特性如分离、循环影响似乎周围的散发盘 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	好的 , 这确实是很有决定的 , 看起来似乎是如果 , 但是 , 看起来也许都没什么东西 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德·斯洛特说 , 在亲吻之后 , 他离开了海滩附近的海滩 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	在这里 , 她不仅谈论真正的危险因素 , 她还规则出现错误的迹象 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并非比祈祷更有效的时候 , 似乎可以解释为合作 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据订单需求 , 设计了可调整的两个可调整的梯度 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	在1980年的马拉登普拉丁尼等地方 , 没有迹象的泰国人 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分支有限公司是一家正式专业装饰公司的良好信仰 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 我喜欢城市的一切都是那么恐怖的 。 "
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几个理论实例 , 表明表面的地面纠正 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例表明 , 在源中使用的代码页 , 还有windows使用 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设置温度高时 , 可溶性具有负相关系 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很伟大 , 中国食物丰富 , 让我们享受我们的午餐男人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特写作当前的贝尔 , 艾莉作为欧利斯贝尔 , 安妮·贝尔 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	我永远不会忘记这些日子 , 当我住在军队里 , 士兵对我的生活有很大的影响 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	第一件布莱姆在他的回归中跑到莫里 , 给她的丈夫和亲吻 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , 路易是可处理的 , 还有减少路透的风险 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一个方法来返回其类别的标签 , 以及绑定剪辑行为的方法 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰建立了一个停车 , 覆盖这项探索了terry和ferdinand的才能 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果您想要语义上正确的比较 , 那么您应该使用双指数 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	居住大学的自由 , 暂时忘记过去的自由 , 浮动到现在 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	飞行员发出了一个弱的辐射形式 , 不能在空中旅行很远 , 而且不能渗透皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后 , 提出了集团开发战略实施混凝土建议和措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	总体来说 , 我仍然是人类和我们的社会中的一个有益的人之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种腐蚀盆地被封闭 , 进化成一个沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 在移动相位移动时 , 充分和熵都有助于促进活动分离 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化带来新鲜的配件 , 服装 , 珠宝和身体颜色到新收藏 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	尽管会议金融集团在外国酒店面临金融集团对边境的压力 , 但是因为 " 狼 " 来 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	" 我生命中的四个战争 , 因为美国太强了 。 " 罗纳德·雷根 。
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	九月份 , 本公司推出了2010年的销售预测 , 至6000辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	不要反对中国在其他国家内部事务中的非干扰原则 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨guillianbar综合征患者电神经学特点 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	因为肾脏产生癌症 , 肾脏疾病可能导致身体内的不足 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	担心别人 , 信仰别人 , 实际上都是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他称 , 动物在生命期间获得了某些特点 , 因为它们的环境和选择 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	离开外缸和内缸之间 , 空气在空气中被泵入真空 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有人设计这个乐趣的矢量图 , cute , 可访问的怪物类型 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913和1913年 , 他没有出版任何与左翼结构有关的东西 , 直到1912年或1913年 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以放置在html中的指定位置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	给出了mmm4u变频镜中的血浆稳定性和潜在限制配置的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 这些交换性能描述了系统平衡状态的状态 , 称为状态变量 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	本文提出了一种在单扫描链设计中的存储元素的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文用宏观的树脂来处理废水 , 从制造硫酸盐的废水 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	负责党政党的工作 , 直接证明机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	这位绅士在军队和政治环境中有着密切联系 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一辆汽车到达标准的车辆 , 应当不可靠的路上运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用于急性和慢性肠炎的治疗 , 由细菌或葬礼引起的急性和慢性肠炎 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	180年和1892年 , 其他协议密封了巴林到英国的保护地位 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察合成康复治疗糖尿病综合征综合征综合征的效果 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小剂量dohicky2:阳光衰退不容易被清洗 , 而且在过去的日子和雨中清洗 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后通过两种类型037型抗血浆工艺加强了四艘船 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和发展作为燃烧和伤口愈合的新治疗 , 仍然成为解决这个问题的解决 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医药:很多pepsin , 胰腺素 , 更多的酶素 , 比如等待 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对气体参数的影响较少 , 但无奈降低w 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	首席执行长吉华会议与克吉奥斯马文化交流团体的主要成员 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	当前的冠军罗尼奥·奥斯利夫安相信丁俊华有什么样的路 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	时间部署工作安全 , 严格执行领土监管责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区公安工作将面临良好的发展机遇 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需要驱动它部门来实现标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划用电机从10至60公里的电动机安装其他超光电机 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在被新老板带来了 , 而其钱的麻烦似乎是过去的一件事 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑到我们所有的印度人 , 它将解释我们彼此的教学 , 它将不会有许多骑士 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	但是 , 有许多关于那些可以从死亡或鬼魂中传播的人们 , 或者有什么东西 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	将干燥成分一起混合碗 , 加入方向蝴蝶和膝盖 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行基础政治家的讲话很多 , 这些观点似乎并没有取得持有 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗明星价格为5星提供 , 市场上不匹配的价值建议 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我认为读者得到了这一点 , 在某些时候 , 我们都是这样做的:我们过于忙碌地做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	基本上所有的事情都是加斯和里奥斯 , 其他一些人 , 他们生活中有什么感谢网球 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在许多情况下 , 他们干涉了我国高质量货品市场的正常经济秩序 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑法规定 , 税收相关犯罪包括各种犯罪机构的税收体系 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 基于hikivision的图像捕捉板的图像捕获控制 , 首先实现了图像捕捉控制 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一个部分可能在辩论的原则中保持 , 比如识别疲劳 , 或者理解偏见 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否在做街道摄影或访问自然或人造网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能做一只双腿 , 寻找在你的兴趣方向上扩展你的目前位置 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你们的呼吸将来到你的头冠中 , 将填补你的身体 , 你的身体也不会习惯 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度变化 , 优化模型 , 降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	这些年来 , 通道的主要特点是多路径传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都在下面 , 金钱总是使决定 , " pellegrino告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	沙马坡和其他产品设计开放的螺钉孔不停止头发损失或促进头发的繁殖 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	温室实验结果表明 , 生物控制效率可达72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有人认为我们坐在那个高峰的高峰 , 在未来太远的未来 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周在我们的系列 , 拉里西和托尼·里格斯描述了一个正在增长的抗war运动 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	甚至在一个前锋利的学习中心 , 或者在历史上领先的旅游需要一个主人 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	上述16岁以上的新加坡人和新加坡prs将浪费 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	介绍了hl7中间件实现多参数监测器的实现方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我在我的平原列表中 , 我的命令链不会移动我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆上升头狩猎公司作为一个例子 , 为操作模式进行初步研究 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵分析模型具有独特的理论和解决这些问题的方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来分支支付的折扣价值的商业学者的价值方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	如何说 ? 没有连续性的呼吸怎么样 ? 可以再生吗 ? 无法死亡 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	犯罪:一个惩罚mage对未来暴力的警告 , 类似于parole 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一节解释了这个成本更全面地探索启动成本如何启动成本 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动学的科学研究是揭示事物和客观法的认知过程 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	但是费尔的妻子林达 , 曾有一个猎物是错误的: " 你知道妻子 , 就像是一个夸张 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	原则上 , 每个基因组的复制 ; 估计6000个基因是相同的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员寻找这个主题 , 那么该作者应该把政府发送 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果您想匹配这些字符的字符 , 那么您必须使用一个逃跑的背景 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当使用2008年欧洲冠军的模式时 , 预测赢家并没有让它成为第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	采用多功能死亡 , 制造了平方孔和圆孔孔角钢梁 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	好心是广泛、慷慨、容忍宇宙对人类的利益 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我首先表达了我们最诚挚的祝贺 , 为班级实现出色的结果和同学们 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	沿着湾中心 , 获得全国建设 " luban奖 " 现代园艺平台 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几个星期 , 我的26岁的儿子戴维德 , 曾经跟他去大西洋城 , n 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	泰尔曼说 , 银行拥有其顾客的信任 , 并没有看到任何有意义的资金流出 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	持久游泳者迪安娜·尼亚德成为第一个从古巴到美国没有鲨鱼笼游泳的人 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	博纳告诉记者说: " 这对总统对此立法不负责 。 "
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们个人故事显示了贫穷国家癌症的悲剧现象 , 以及对人民和家庭的影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在阿克麦·沙克之后 , 精神病人 , 明天你在短期的水平上 , 是一年 !
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	任何有关规定违反监管或禁止检查人员将按照相关规定进行处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许不到一个kiloton , 听起来像大量的声音 , 但实际上很小 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在一个更基本的水平上 , 美国人害怕不仅是死亡 , 而且谈论和思考死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	太阳后来 , " 茱莉·普文意识 " 这个阅读: " 中国伟大的时代 , 没有云变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球inc是加州华盛顿海滩的美国公司 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商将有超过医疗设备q的质量系统 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个喜欢道德化的人通常是一个假设的男人 , 同样的女人是不可避免的平原 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	虽然我们没有人会个人改变宇宙的过程 , 但集体上我们可以做这个 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他补充道 , " 通过我们领导人的神和智慧 , 这些插件被中性化 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	一项调查龙湖山区野生花的阿布斯卡杂志及其应用 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记住 , 神的名字代表了我们所名的神 , 耶和华上帝自己是这个塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用一基推进剂 , 通过证据钢板判断电荷的破坏情况 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自去年3月 , 由于fda开始推断药物 , amgen的股份已经超过27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文综述了亚马格合金合金的实验调查 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	根据消息集来说 , 这并不能在oker文件系统上存储 , 然后根据消息集 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰b.watson在处理孩子的极端坚固性 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该需要更多的单词来解释图片的意思 , 或者你所包含的原因 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	牡蛎 , 银杏 , 杏仁 , 杏仁 , 杏仁 , 洋葱 , 蒜只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	在床前 , 试图清楚你的思想 , 让思考积极的睡眠 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但是在中国加入了npt1992年和nsg2004年加入了npt , 至少正式地官方 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	汉妮问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金正是个人不能爱一个人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村地区人力资本投资的不足和效率低 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	在一段时间里 , 姨妈的粉丝也有大面包 , 她也开开口了 , 然后她就推出来了 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大部分人物都没有嘴巴 , 眼睛 , 坚持肢体 ; 嘴巴是不智慧的 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	爷爷 , 告诉我如何让所有的美味吗 ? 有一天我想做最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚在其总统的罗马尼亚是黑海地区的大西洋主义基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与肝脏之间的直接链接很好了解 , 但是酒精对其他机构的影响是什么 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但是我觉得这是时间来评估我做的事情 , 还是不能添加我的存在的任何价值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中显示的最后一个接收项 , 包含一个额外的html类:在线需要 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 , " 谢上帝 " 的周五 , 单词通常只用在星期四 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	埃德·贝吉利·杰 , 61岁的激活主义者和演员 , 曾经做过这件事 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很艰难 , 我很抱歉 , 我知道我想要的是什么 , 如果那个坏女人 , 好吧 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们询问关系专家在接触之前应该讨论什么 , 这里是13个问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	北京福布斯首席盖迪·史坦 , 自2002年以来 , 中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一个停车是东城 , 东莞县已经出口贸易出口力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	我们有关10年前的国家卫生服务的立法 , 直到10年前 , 没有什么事情 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到目前 , 根据实践中所测试的模型 , 建立了一个框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	通过者触摸一个人 , 让他们知道他需要通过 , 但允许他的手比必要 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他去她 , 轻轻轻地为她的信仰 , 保证她的搜索已经结束了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipsjtomcat.zip到您的tmcat安装的webapp目录 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	研究小组发现 , 只有通过cdk1分化成骨细胞的ezh2磷酸的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但是中国并不认识这一事实 , 如果他应该做的话 , 那么他就会消除自己的优越感 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长监控剂对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘记礼物的基本真理时 , 总是引起教堂的麻烦 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了实现maitreya的未来 , 必须满足许多条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	弗兰克保罗是一名来自瑞士联邦科技学院的玻璃学专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	佛电影合同和叶长 , 迷失或婚礼 , 没有形成任何东西 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	实现监测、检查、质量控制在室内和子承包机钢制造和焊缝部分 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种羟基胺苯分散酶、其编码基因和应用 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	靠近商店尝试和控制货币 , 只能依靠自己的内部创新机械和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 可能有可能获得相同的限制性食品 , 同时饮食的利益 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救援努力并不足以获得组装线在其他地方重新启动 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:201 ~ 4层块 , 陶瓷研究 , 石西路 , 中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种甲基丙烯酸盐离子电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和keleton对象也需要关心开始和委托容器管理事务 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我想在天上和地上 , 血 , 火 , 和火山 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自从新世纪初开始 , 本课题的大规模引入开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年建立了中国著名的中国现代绘画和书法网络的认证事务网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用系统的通信 , 建立可用函数作为跟踪 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠行走是心理行为范围下降的意识之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	答:中国非法侵犯中国法律的人 , 应当根据中国法律处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液试验早于妊娠7周 , 超声没有 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc媒体还增加了cvo模型中血管的数量和血管的caliber 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 通常在你的眼睛里泪 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败 , 他的妻子将有一个可行的剂量 , 证据证明他与他有关 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是空间梗阻是一个关键的变化 , 而且自动变化是全球和扩散 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望莎莎的同学或朋友可以阅读你可能的话 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了catv图形组件库 , 仅仅是艾滋软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但是牛奶充满白细胞厚厚 , 使牛奶变得更快 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	另外 , 烹饪和可食品的质量主要由f1组合的gca和sca测定 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	该技术支持eelidean距离测量和l-转换eelidean距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	凯斯特说: " 客户被设计为常见化疗法的治疗替代剂 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	最近几周 , 汽油价格平均下跌7美元 , 每加仑每周的3.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她准备推销器的时候 , 发现所有的视频剪辑在记录中锁定的所有视频剪辑都比起来的力量 ;
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然你可以买一些没有锁定的手机 , 但现在它通常是一个运行的方法 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验表明 , 金属离子对脂肪动物的形状、尺寸和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	江说: " 如果我从美国开始 , 我将花费更多时间寻找资金 。 "
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果患者之间存在神经分离 , 可以解释其重要行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干燥化学试验方法及尿镜检测方法的临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一个伟大的员工 , 使我成为我的团队的重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	这个记者有权选择和出版本刊登的作品和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第十二条小规模的税款人员得税人或税务服务的可行性 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组电机功能显著提高治疗后 , 尤其是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	干旱通过亚热带传播 , 伴随着热波和强烈的野火 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张约翰·莱恩和约翰·莱昂的照片 , 他们就像一个平滑的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的黑头发和银色的玻璃使他成为哈利波特的死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮件发送给美国电子邮件 , 首先是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡是一个财富的一部分 , 必须给予贫穷或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	所以在碰撞后几乎发生了什么 , 电子在这里倒下来 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么呢 ? 这看起来像是你站在山上一个巨大的犹太人之一 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内部艾滋病从你的脚部消毒 , 因此他们保持健康干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她每天一次饲料的牛肉三到四倍 , 同样的婴儿需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	对于我们的知识最好 , 大脑脊髓炎很少被瑞典报告 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看 , 这个消息大约是80岁的女孩 , 为她的生儿花了3000元 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	使用er图工具设计系统信息模型 , 建立了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	没有洪水到土地上 , 但在这里 , 山区的山区落在公路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层的框架和监督控制层网络系统的管理层 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论目前实验室检查并没有显著帮助bmt早期诊断 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	而设计的传感器也可以用来测量其它类型的线性位移或旋转角 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析汉代铜描述的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	西部和东部有一些不同的pt条件 , 是重城大骨折 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运行策略:积极适应 , 先进 , 独立发展 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 该公式被认为是可用的 , 用于管道上的绘制力计算 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	设置值是java.lng.对象或子类的参考 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	美国国家立场运动协会委员会主任美国大学体育学院 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着那些住在大房子里的人 , 不要你吗 ? " 问一位女孩 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我丈夫的第一位教练经验是一位高级的学者篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨脑室内血液的临床特点及治疗 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	如洗涤、吹孔等缺陷 , 在蝴蝶式阀中分散的冲洗 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	每年你在这里的通货膨胀和对政府规定中增加了数量 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因根本上是由于东和西之间的思想差异 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	其中一个反抑郁药物的下面是 , 它们可以在两周之间进行长时间工作 , 八周之间 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有一个很好的关系 , 即使在原始游戏之后 , 他叫我想知道我的条件 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是我们建立学术和发展基金的主要利益 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文对现代景观开发项目建设管理进行了分析 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市人民国会 , 华盛顿黄强说 , 学校主席 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立一种新制备的复方铁酸盐凝胶的质量控制 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间 , 豪华房间 , 单房间 , 各种套房 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨医疗强度护理单位的细菌感染及药物耐药状况 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的研究大鼠肠道不同肠道分泌的吸收动力学 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到魔鬼洞的新鲜 , 水 , 摩西 , 土耳朵 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	回到韩国的南韩 , 烟雾和威廉城市都享受爱时的两个人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	因此 , 这只是你可以在单轨道上拥有最多的电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记有关水平表面 , 忘记站起来 , 只要把你的四级表面扔掉 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 打击 " 意味着足够的信息共享 , 互相理解和同时期的平行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰也有神话质量 , 因为直到日本发现他们不可能生长 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我34年前 , 他的妻子在婚前移动了 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	在一个人群中 , 音乐也响起来 , 我也说我爱我的自由 , 现在我也不肯定 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	本发明的发明不能明显的 " 艺术中普通技能 " 之一 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	五月五日 , 莱纳德·辛菲尔德在巴塔维亚发布和文章 , 伊利诺尼斯关于伊利诺伊 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣lucia明显是一个岛屿 , 只有希望它能保持它的不利魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请保持清洁的环境 , 转移手机和b.b.调用 , 准备 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac治疗效率优于传统的pac或铝硫酸钠 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户从音乐博客到cnn中导航的话 , 可以添加什么值 ?
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我刚刚在丹麦 , 就发生在我那里 , 没有一个巨大的古尔普社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了处理idp的增加负荷 , 基于集群实现负载平衡 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但是在那么暴力的出现中 , 暴力的诱惑 , 原因是虚伪 ; 没有什么事情仍然存在 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与此同时 , 爱尔兰集团一样很好 , 给我们一个新的观点 , 与陶瓷一起工作 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务总裁是信用市场的关键问题 , 由于短缺经济转移到另一个 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听着 , 但也没有办法 , 然后她看见北方和蓝军 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看见了一颗迷人的脸包 , 灵魂半光 , 是诗情的本质 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但是改变足够的话 , 虽然它只是一次 , 你的思想结束了死亡 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然两个女孩有一个变化 , 另一位推出了那个黑暗 , 进入水 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	阳光闪烁着河流的入口 , 与丈夫混合在河上 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一对不适合你的鞋子里 , 所以你可能想要分离穿鞋或体育 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后他向警卫发出了一封信 , 但他特别的细节并不知道 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	通过宗教团体的宗教团体 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和增加氢燃料生产的spon 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔夫歌曲 , 诺顿玩 " 瑞典河 " , 然后 " 孟加伦 " 快速模式 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	事务机制和制度将由公司保持 , 代理商店 , 零售商旧销售 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期库系统 , 管理器必须通过视觉检查来控制库 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	然而我对你说 , 应该更容易在判断日的土地 , 比起判断 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一个情绪 , 一旦教授来自山洞的每个艺术家来自保罗麦卡特尼 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	节约成本很大 , 新应用程序或功能的时间市场很大提高 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	拉弗利先生通常运动的开幕衬衫 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	在匹配和线性电压控制条件下 , 给出了最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 黄张不能控制自己 , 但开始笑着他的妻子和可爱的婴儿 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道爸如何在一起挣扎足够的钱 , 根据和教训 , 我知道如何努力工作 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	让某些祈求者或有些东西保持和锤子轻轻轻轻轻轻轻地躺在床上 。 因此 , 两个翅膀都要做 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	温柔是一个尖锐的剑 , 温柔度是一个潜在的力量 , 让所有人民提交自己 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 道德和经济都变得不可复杂的反对 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试的话 , 我会得到一个坏级别 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但是这两次的学术奖金也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	第二 , 指针分别在指针上启动 , 然后箭头来访问它的指针 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	相信12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 在历史上第一个篮球游戏 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期醒来的时候 , 他声明了一个愿意与国会共和党人一起工作 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本的安全已经越来越多 , 但日圆已经成为那些逃离美元的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	它们正在向西方和自然春天的土地方方方向有可逮捕的痕迹 , 树木 , 山到西方和自然泉 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	詹宁斯白博士在有机化学和香水的主题上发表了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗 ? 我不相信这件事 , 我认为他一切时候都像我的哥哥一样工作 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的姐姐为一间蘑菇打错了我 , 她把我放在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	卡丁·罗萨斯赞扬了 " 外星 " 圣诞生 , " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	利夫什说: " 这只是那些必须担心事件发生的男人 , 只是他们提交结果的巨大家伙 。 "
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们为第二楼的店铺做了办法 , 打破门 , 穿着自己的办公室 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的本体合并方法可以克服传统的对象合并方法的反馈 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了用hplc法测定葡萄糖在cefepime水氯化物中的含量 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件工程元模型是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	对于经验的讨论 , 介绍了大量前秦儒学思想的思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房里 , 他沿着他的信里滑出了一封刀 , 把它们折叠的信息滑出来 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地的人杀死了所有人 , 反对国王阿蒙 , 使约瑟王在他的地方 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	另一个零售链之一 , 是第一个将大量和预期提供在同一销售地板上 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	戴吉尔没有需要从发明到生命的钱 , 因为他被法国政府惩罚 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	如何告诉人们 , 吃鲨鱼的文件很好 , 可是吃这类很相同的动物是不错的吗 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	热空气隧道、热空气隧道等重载装置下的感觉空气温度等 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电源转换器在增强模式运行时 , 低压侧电池将放电 , 为dclink提供功率 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它在1256年发生的下降 , 因此蒙古帝国扩张到伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个阻挡区域图 , 以及加强振动的边界图 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下文链接应对创建并使用它们的事务进行理解 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面变得充满幻想 , 充满尝试 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微电机械系统多粒度的非标准结构模型降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨安莫尔河纳亚硫化物的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在我喜欢学校之前 , 我喜欢一切东西 , " 红色 , 现在在cnn电视上说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间与各种类型的房屋和贸易人员的工作舱相结合 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学习一些当地的范围 , 包括在家庭的巴菲尼亚州 , 如果吃的话 , 我们也学会有毒 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	但是在那里 , 有一个危险 , 假设可变化的危险 , 量化的东西都有一定的冲突 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的正式设置 , 给出了常规半群的构造理论 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定性分析了安娜高度扫描的存在问题 , 采用辐射特性测量方法 , 分析了安娜高度扫描的存在问题 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但是我们必须提醒我们的同志 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 五七 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满雄心和骄傲 , 一旦他们收集了他们第一次杀死的皮肤 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	结合这种价格位置显著增加潜在的null布局已经积极了 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果表明 , 调查者与蒙古羊之间的抗肿瘤感染差异 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 除了山外的橄榄树 " , " 小河上升 , " 村庄跨越 " 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在新西兰的电视剧中 , 男人在他被禁止的时候携带了一名伤害的男子 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 乔治马森大学地球科学教授的第二位 , 作为地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	ozark的土耳其农民并非免疫 , 每个地方都在打击农场社区的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	因此 , 种子的根 , 花根和生长在其他树顶上的大植物树上 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	政治科学家彼得·l&ouml说: " 火山十一年来 , 火山正在来到一端 。 "
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	研究了厦门西海岸的沉积样本 , 定量地处理了西汉堡的沉积样本 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两者都成功于饮用和女性的诱惑 , 与批评家和新闻一起没有关系 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	达什板从集中应用程序收到了上下文信息 , 并使用它查询后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	agv大基础系统是控制许多gvs的软件 , 管理许多gvs来完成许多材料传输任务 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为第一章的第一章 , 书五章开始 , 有一个药物 , 这些药物已经提高了一条希望的禁令 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	运输方便:上海的220公里 , 65公里 , 来自宁波的290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作者罗伯特·沃尔斯创造了一个诗歌的肖像时 , 他实际上写了一个自我肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	所有你有思想的东西 , 说 , 你现在做的是这样的人 , 还包含了你的未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖主义的nuke , 组装来自straysoviet纤维材料 , 可以破坏整个日子 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听了两个朋友谈论过去的时候 , 想 " 梦想 " 到现实 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	操作研究的自然性和特点 , 知识系统 , 开发历史 , 应用程序 , 业务决策中的功能 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	据伊里克逊说: " 我是一个温室 , 我已经活了500多年 。 "
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	因此 , 索萨可能会在压力下降低警察数字 , 因此该计划的结果 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	当伊利雅的时候 , 一个人惊讶的前言 , 只有上帝把我当作他死后的前言 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	他说 , 参加他的阅读 , 大量的西班牙人 , 4000人住在同一个城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确保 , 我认为你应该有一个三个玻璃尿试验 , 以及测试预后区的检查 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	学校有小张 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 现在积极努力建立一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	本公司拥有强大的技术强度和国内先进产品r&d能力的电缆研究所 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝结冷漠 , 失去与组织的触摸 , 白海天使也承认了他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在民族卫生机构上投资的免疫化高度是关键的 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	介绍了该测试机理的设计原理和计算方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在福利多元主义影响下 , 社区保健成为复制问题的主要战略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	实际上我每天都在杰利 , 我拿着冷水 , 如果是雪 , 就没什么东西 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被存储到一个持久的媒介 , 或者作为来源的数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学破坏溶液具有良好的稳定性 , 服务寿命长 , 处理钢表面粗糙度较低 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他是由4名高级部长和特定负责人支持的 , 他们也选举了政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	房屋活动家和学者说 , 这项选举将很容易 , 但不会结束 , 房屋危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利安的目标是捕捉最好的照片 , 她可以在那个时间框架内捕捉最好的照片 , 你的工作是帮助她做这样的 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文斯先生说 , 从现在移民的移民将在 " 澳大利亚 " 结构上发挥更大的作用 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人震惊的责任 , 知道你准备的未来 , 中国的下一代领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这种损失使人类丧失 , 他们有一个警告的外交观 , 首先 , 问后来的问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板强化软土基地具有快速速、效果好、易于施工的特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 心态树咨询成立于1999年 , 预计目前已有物质化的非常威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	它比原来的一个更大50倍 , 覆盖240平方公共汽车等效区域 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但是上帝不仅忘记过去 , 他衣服你 , 虽然你从来没有犯罪 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	看着人们彼此关闭6个 , 哭泣 , 在那个时代 , 彼此相互抱着我 , 让我欣赏我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟的焦是一项非常成熟的工艺 , 看起来是一种普通的防腐措施 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	2005年房屋的高峰上涨 , 现有和新房屋的销售在1976年的两倍 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:6例sb患者和8名正常人员在整个晚上监测多态图 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	她的男孩 , 他们在水平上得很好吗 ? 那么 ? 父亲对此很高兴 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	509岁以上 , 非药物的使用也比60岁以上的年龄组更普遍 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	不同的中国宾客 , 肯定是我们人民的基本利益 , 与中国人民共同朋友 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们还可以猜 , 这样的牙刷可能会伤害人体的牙齿和他的情绪 , 很大程度上他 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是一个过度信心的李思想 , 增强了两个银行 , 梅德将会在中心弱 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	范尼拉 , 是最受欢迎的风味 , 在商店前面的一个独立案例 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	三十岁以上的女性 , 离婚的女性几乎像中国舞蹈文化一样 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲常在这晚上错过他们的路 , 我可以告诉你现在没有机会 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是中国城市青年文化和街道生活的新型壳鱼电视节目 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我在电视屏幕上听到新闻 , 死亡滚动现在21 , 000多人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , eg插入到细胞查询器 , 如在扩展之后 , 就像结构一样扩展 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	自从答案可以更加自然 , 因为高尔夫球员在高尔夫高尔夫球员高尔夫很高兴 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他种玉米有较少的水 , 没有粉末 , 当你加热玉米时 , 内部的水就会使玉米爆炸 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红葡萄酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症 , 心脏疾病 , 依赖剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到我在这次冒险之前花了那么多 , 现在我必须住在我的信用卡上 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会负责明确定义吗 ? 这些定义符合区域的需求 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	一个应用研究人员注意摄像机流动细胞 , 一种用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺说 , 为了保护自己的客户的秘密 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 强调了负电源供电的理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但是如何标准运行神经神经细胞学评估范围的标准是目前没有共识的 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我要求她建议 , 她总是准备好帮助 , 解释我的完整满意 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这个版本双扫描器有两个输出线 , 使其适用于广泛的使用 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你像一个令人惊讶的教育经验一样治疗bsool , 那么机会就会得到很多 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国英国驻叙利亚大使签署的邀请 , 反抗抗抗议者 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地回忆道: " 声音像上帝吻的话 , 没有任何伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	但后来 , 他们有四分之一的战争和土地的战斗 , 他们杀死了一个可考的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在贵阳高中开发 , 获得了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从奥巴伦斯基的政权转移到贝乌霍夫附近的莫斯科附近的形成 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能操作 , 包括战略底部和覆盖操作的使用 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校英语课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是否会形成 , 几个不能完成低密钥的细胞组工作的原因 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理还访问了卢达通用医院 , 一个由中国资助的社会福利项目 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个示例正在改变表空间容器的位置 , 还可以使用背部和恢复 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有引起商名品牌的损坏 , 但不会提高他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	mercator世界是探索、发现和地球和空间映射的两个月杂志 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元将运行198.95美元 , 转换视频和图像是由您的计算机所做的 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	根据波海岸沿海的最后一次冰川损失的调查 , 进行了一项调查 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试类似于最近实际的格栅 , 问题类型和困难程度 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	本文对传统加热系统的经济效率进行了比较 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这部电影是一个美国版本的两千八个法国圣诞家 , 叫做 " 波尔 " 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	用灯光的灯光 , 用灯泡烧在内部卫生前面 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有许多道教区 , 上清区有着最重要的影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展已经给出了圣诞节和其他外国节的流行 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐歌在 " 新疆 " 的一个小知识显示了每一侧的思想治理 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春季排水期的第一个排水期是明显的十年间特征 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有的sac.指导员已经在工作场培训和评估中获得证书4证书 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以给那些在达尔福的营地的人提供这笔钱 , 到了艾滋病疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看看 , 我们拇指和拳击员 , 我们在车上找到了一个小惩罚 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道你的眼睛没有触摸到灯光吗 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有许多 " 也许 " 的 " 可能 " , 他们似乎可能只能贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置瓶颈的原因是一个变化 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险及控制方法 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本烹饪书里 , 很有营养 , 因此 , 适合全年消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果重组严重组中 , 出生体重的预测年龄与出生重量明显较小 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统选取了一家出生商务执行官 , 成为他的新秘书 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然我不能吃饭 , 但我还可以用这些鼻子和饺子来做饭 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年七月份 , bpp被授予的权力 , 这意味着它可以叫做大学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年出版了我第一篇中国文章 , 但在1983年秋天开始写 , 直到1983年秋天 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以采取一个步骤 , 开始了解为什么事情发生 , 你可以找出正面的后代 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着 , 如果你想留下技能 , 给出更少的激励 , 而且在你的财务给出了收入 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	为了旅行 , 广东没有瞬间回到嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种行业的新标准 , 包括健康 , 促进了xmlenabled应用程序的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你造成了严重错误 , 如果你伤害别人或者自己 , 那么不用感觉罪 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	主机或服务决定停止在其百分之一的状态下 , 低于低压阈值的时候 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	变量系数 , 解决方案本身和正常流体可能是在接口中不断的 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中9硝基蛋白激素lactone的体外稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母 , 教育家 , 心理学家 , 寻找帮助的方法 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	第一次出口 , 重 , 米地和匹配 , 海洋植物 , 大大延迟了我们进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸爸:在经典建筑中 , 平原部分的柱子 , 基座和玉米之间 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	沙林是一个机械 , 这是他的作品shop , 背部有一间小房子里面有一个小房子 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	换一封新闻 , 不仅逃避了 , 但穿着适合的衣服 , 准备救他们的父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他现在捕捉了一百亿人居住的沙特镇 , 希望在2050年住在那里的三百亿人 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	由于雨灾和火灾 , 美国中西部一些国家宣布出现紧急状况 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	戈斯:引用纳特·阿尔巴尔的学习你不知道 , 直到它走 , 找到别人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论ldocaine结合德克萨米酮可以防止由dctaxol引起的phlebitis 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两人醒来 , 突然看到了春花 , 由于他们来到了谁 , 说寻找孟宁 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突变了非敏感 , 沉默的月亮在一个柔软的光线上 , 投影在地面上 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 尊敬客人 , 女士和绅士 , 全部员工明华 , 下午好 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	典型的李江空间林林很难看到拉希海地区 , 因为人类对它的影响 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 野生的烧烤与野生的包装动物逃离或是由黄金部长和其他人逃离的 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	考古学家们确信花园在一个豪华的建筑上建立了 , 为了提高水的规定 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	北极将是21世纪萨拉杰夫 , 引发能源资源的主要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	欧盟的未期望的死亡已经获得了一项激烈的国际辩论 , 通过良好的萨马利亚法律 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期极化锂合金的原理、制造及应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	由于悲剧和欲望的克服 , 李利奇有许多城镇民间为高原犯罪执行的许多城镇 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果用异丙烯酸酯作为溶剂 , 避免介质的干扰 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	1893年 , 在27岁的时候 , 他报道了一个照明方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 这些诗的意义很清楚 , 读者可以从她的经历中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	为了防止40000万公顷的保障措施 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	事实上 , 在径向和循环方向下 , 气速和压力在一段跨截面变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果您在课堂训练和评估中花了2小时 , 每个学生将赚0.2元 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了以色列和苯胺为原料的静态极极化性研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把鸡蛋放在炉子上 。 鸡蛋沙狼是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 采用18个月燃料循环获得广东核电厂大边缘 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室试验中 , 他们发现一个叫做banblec作为两种艾滋病毒 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	四百名im不仅需要强度和速度在四个条纹中 , 而且还需要巨大的耐力 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	" 当解释器固定了他的拇指到这个公共文档时 , " pandit说 , " 他们不能回来 。 "
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是个班级球员 , 他很不同 。 我不能找到其他的球员 , 看起来像他一样 , 像他一样玩 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员表示 , 他们的发现也可以适用于那些声称他们依赖早晨的茶杯 , 以便获得他们的脑袋 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看没有人会来 , 给你食物或水 , " 上帝会为我提供 , " 是唯一的答案 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度不会增加你的抑郁 , 但增加重量 , 你需要适合您的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	在互联网之后 , 他开始从空间发布twitpics , 获得忠诚的跟随 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	阿妈也说 , 另一天她只想说她想要说整个事情 , 没有任何意思来战斗 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用正确的axilla对肝瘤h22的疫苗进行移植肿瘤模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我得到了这个参议院 , 因此我可以在家里走 , 他们不能忽视它 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本文测定了人类、ilium、skull和rib的强度限制 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	韩国的物种被建立为一个懒惰的物种 , 使他同样的种类作为死亡的黑色马尔 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛使用 , hlv兼容电路的设计越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝型电力设备:主要针对工厂、房屋和其他厂商提供电力 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	这位21岁的丹麦国际广泛被视为欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	妇女是35岁的诊断年龄 , 被观察到17 , 408个人 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	拜仁慕尼奇的中场离开已经证实了 , 他将在老板转会上留下 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	迷人的生物 , 凤凰 , 他们可以立刻携带重量的负荷 。 他们的泪水有健康的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这种情况下 , 组织可以使用一个简单的进步检查单的进步检查机制和启动 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	在英格兰的木材和纤维玻璃手工 , 卵巢形状的内部措施只有6英尺左右 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是知识驱动经济时代所有可见资本的通用名称 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家墨尔本菲利蒙奇有许多原因庆祝庆祝 , 与观众共享庆祝庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 沙鲁克已经结束了杜 , 国家第二个电信操作员比埃塞拉特 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前缘性膜只释放新鲜的水 , 不允许盐水污染袋 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们欢迎来自我们城委会的帮助-------------------------------------------------------
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你有限的工资预算和一个星期最大的5周 , 但是你想要7k的玩家 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液保险:现在有机会来自任何英雄袭击 , 血液第三 , 或whirwind 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	针对非静态线性结合的第一交叉可靠性 , 提出了一种有效的数值计算方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	随着市场营销渠道 , 项目应采用授权的销售代理模型来提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民担心 , 跨坡可以创造低质量混合植物 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员了解不同形状和尺寸导致不同频率的不同频率 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨回顾性内皮瓣内皮瓣膜内骨折的影响 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	该工具适合一个进步的喉咙行动 , 允许一个低速的喉咙开放 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	pd控制采用位置算法 , 限制了控制量和集成量 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	研制了可离子和有机化合物分离的伪相液相色谱法 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	苏州公园酒店和套房是苏州会议或社会场所的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	运行显微镜观察了预交流动脉免疫的解剖特征 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	扫描器切割一朵花 , 想用尖锐的刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早晨或鸭子建议 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在程序方面 , 共同的论点需要在法官、党和其他参加法官之间的平等辩论和对话 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记花费圣诞节假期独自看电影或节日假期阅读1200页 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	terrylundgren是macy的首席执行官 , 拥有macy和bloomingdale部门的公司 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 无论你会发生在一个类、会议、会议或会议等情况下 , 都会出现什么惊讶 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们一般信任我们自己的能力 , 但我们不信任别人的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南外交部长phinhminh称之为周一结束的会谈 , 本周一结束了生产 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	调查你心中麻烦...跟着节奏.........
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷铬矿床运行的关键点 , 介绍了缺陷铬矿床的影响 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配检测器的标志 , 那么分部的结果就会向小型无限度 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨ktp激光的折射产生性大肠炎的鼻腔管重建效果 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	您有一个单个消息引擎 , 当您将集群添加为si业务的成员时 , 可以自动创建 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平面表面将阻挡风流 , 同时还创造一个死水区 , 将在它方向前传递 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国继续成为2008年亚洲各国各地寻求者的主要地位 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何多个反应文本文档都可以有丰富或平原文本字段 , 用于电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	穆里亚教育 , 高收入人口可比旧迪戈和橙色县的社区 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	这个面板是一个非投票 , 但甚至fda建议板没有投票 , 还是由机构评论 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在市场条件下 , 形成了10年 , 经验 , 可以更多的公司加入 , 将建立一个行业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克逊说: " 你需要一个削减机构来使制度变化 , " 伯克逊协调预算辩护 。
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者们了解过去的检查 , 古城已经订购了两个 " 五笔记 " 的建设 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是香料的作者:指导 , 2003年查德勒伯尔2003年皇帝的主题 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、计划、设计和交付集成的服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供高质量的时尚产品的客户 , 为每一件事做好好工作 , 用来一款qadir的风格 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr常见的工作模式 , 在gpr记录中有大量的水平相关噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 康纳的28岁大脑是怎样产生的 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样的蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 很享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	萨吉塔利亚人是积极的人 , 他们对生活有明亮的探索 , 是企业 , 充满能源和生命力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	通常情况下 , 废物并没有或展示感染的内在危险 , 除非在很具体情况下 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	但是 , 没有什么事情 。 相反 , 阿拉伯格奥斯进化了一步不期望和谐的成功 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨小鼠动物病理模式血清学的含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有jcsss气体通过政府机构分析的重力标准气体 , 分配其价值 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这个步骤是因为过去几十年前生物化学研究中最强烈的破坏 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个竞争者都坐在塔上 , 把自己覆盖起来 , 但只有在完全打破后才能完全覆盖自己 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	通过数据仓库或联邦 , 提供了一个单一的客户、合作伙伴、产品和商务 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	一家公司可能会有时会出售损失 , 为了迫使它的竞争变成破产 , 然后主导市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常当使用git时 , 您可以假设您的存储库在内核上位置的小位置 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力 , 电话 , 保险和电缆账户每个月都自动排除 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图改变 , 废除不平等的条约 , 限制西方权力的特权 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我把阳光放在一个烧烤玻璃上 , 甚至在冬天最寒冷的日子里 , 我就可以轻松的火 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应当采取适当的政策 , 以确保这些西方企业在技术创新中的领先地位 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果上帝在他爱的儿子眼中看见我们 , 那么我们也应该从耶稣里看到自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但是对于一个广泛的领域 , 差异意味着颜色丰富 , 多样性体现统一和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性产业和非wowoven袋密切经济 , 其非wowov袋对产业的发展起着巨大的冲击 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本文综述了今年我国鲁旭的研究特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	营地的第一条规则是保持一个清洁的营地 , 您不能留下任何承担可能认为是食物 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	这使得它能够达到一个城镇或湖下的油沉积物的可能 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	首次报告网络外部性是imcl的重要影响因素之一 , 证明了网络外部性 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全紧张 , 因为一个新的恐怖分子威胁 , 街道被关闭 。 警察线路边 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为 , 在政治上看到一个动态女性 , " 34岁的riokookookookookokokokokokokokokokokamoto说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	法国航空工业将于2012年在巴黎附近的黎明机场安装增强 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体地位 " 本山文化 " 成为一个新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因为高利率倾向于引起美元的欣赏 , 他们可能会使美元变得更大的贸易赤字 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	电视、电视等现代设备广泛应用 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在海滨河流域 , 生命的过程完全受到潮流的温柔流动 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	6月 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪手在奢华大陆酒店上发射了一场死亡的袭击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果这个物体确实是飞船 , 恢复它可能是数百亿美元 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动与它的负荷相关 , 平均尺寸由于它的扭曲和扭曲 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	采用hplc法对我国石英纯尿厂的磷酸含量进行了分析 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	汤姆斯先生正在做一个长距离 , 请等几分钟 , 你会喜欢一些咖啡或茶 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两位创始人说 , 每个人都拥有新co的x量 , 并且分配它们的ip与新科相关的ip相关 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过欣赏和分析一些组成 , 我们可以合理地考虑中国现代油画现状 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	当一般的讲话叫他们的追踪者 , 说: " 法国人 , 穿着别人的统一吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	研究了利用光学检测法对b/kno3引起的激光特性的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	识别了双重移动和xen图的超精度拒绝的贡献 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 只有在太阳峰中记录 , 本地公园在保护下 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子的歌曲在孩子们的教育中扮演着重要的部分 , 不要替换其他的诗歌 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	一个vivivivid照片 ! 就像图片描述一样 , 有很多东西 , 或者要求男人必须承担或寻找 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预计 , 在中东继续不稳定性的报告可能会保持推动价格 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另一个因素是:公司建立在后端 , 要求所谓云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	根据运输统计的发展趋势 , 提出了 " 运输账户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅是学生 , 还有老师被王丽清接受青华大学的消息引起了启发 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准计划和未来的启动 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	建立了基于工程分散规则的损伤模型 , 建立了动力学原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 槽 " 系统提供了几个选择 , 可以在表面上设置装饰物体 , 比如表面和裙子 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州市的船塔将包括五座混合塔 , 由一座环形的池塘开放 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可能回忆到2006年的大厅 , 北非合作论坛的峰会是举行的 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会与美国法官谈一起 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意在左边的环境周围的环境下形成内囊肿的细胞 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、尿细胞变形指数、纤维原和plt均降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的coreoslinux用户可以采取云地平台来达到世界最大的市场之一的优势 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在服装行业中应用 , 服装mtm迅速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据收集的个人数据将被严格的信心处理 , 并且只用来接收和其他通讯 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个笔头分别与一只帽子一起匹配 , 液体管在笔架上被安装 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从上述结果证明 , 利用mch人力供应的生命方法 , 预测了mch人力供应的有效性 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何在这个自由的循环课程中探讨如何在这个自由的训练课程 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛还宣布了中国人力资源的高级副总裁 , 中国人力资源的辞职 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于其寒冷的微气候 , 格雷兹是一个城市 , 几乎是中世的火焰 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	你会因为你身体里有所有的germs , 你的身体想要让germs出来 , 所以你sneez 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这对于添加额外的信息 , 对于开发人员之间共享的地图 , 尤其是如果地图共享 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某种途径中加入你的网站 , 即使在头部图像中 , 还是像一个奇妙的颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另一个现实是 , 如果美国不能扩大其出口 , 压力将会增加进口 , 代替进口 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全 , 不要触摸产品 , 测试电缆或其他仪器在测试下应用于电路 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	许多巴菲特的智慧干涉从这项投资特性上说:当你不知道什么时候 , 别做任何东西 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己受到过伤害 , 白人带来了罗杰的药物问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	试验是不仅提高生产力 , 而且提高其工作的途径 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们肯定欢迎各种客户的需求 , 保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一份报告说: " 托尼是很好的和友好的 , " 一位医院的拘留是防止他的状况 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 伦敦只有十个武装机器 , 但到1990年代 , 伦敦有超过百次 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们也在世界大战结束时展示了我一幅墨尔曼斯基的图片 , 这是一个航空照片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在早晨训练的志愿者的控制组中 , 晚上没有睡眠 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国朋友们对他们的努力停止暴力的努力尤为注意 , 同时还有困难的青少年工作 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布您的网页内容版本 , 保持您自己的原源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克战争 , 卡塔里娜和华尔街崩溃是雷根时代的三名指甲 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	第一次获得了一个直接笑容 , 然而热情在第一次听到之后第一次听到了 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	重新从那个肮脏的堆底部恢复 , 能看到光 , 仍然在良好的状态 , 是这样的救济 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我的父亲是我母亲离开我的姐姐正向前正确的护卫 , 我的兄弟离开了 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	看看我们一起做的事情 , 意识到我们是一个不等的故事的一部分 , 正在前面的故事 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着自己的愤怒 , 奥巴华在最大速度上飞往多乌的村庄 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容 , 可以实现国家规范 , 这是我们的请求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨已经组装了一个国际联盟政府 , 并声称新选举将在未来几个月内举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	战时记忆往往往是 , 70周年的莱宁拉德的大小可能似乎没有明显的 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	数字 , 如果你上面有三个 , 那么祝贺你 , 你已经成为一个行的lechry女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	双阳 , 被火烧毁了你在一个不可避免的位置中 , 很快就挖掘了水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	哈特福德南部的一个小型社区20英里的哈特福德 , 是中场的一部分 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将再次成为一个星期五 , 但这将是九点钟 , 他会在这里 , 所以我觉得这会是很多乐趣 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们不确定在普通木谷地区的不寻常的 " 孤独 " 完成 , 但这是纯粹的主观 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反应是否可以申请过去事件和行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢慢思考你的注意力 , 你会同意在浏览网络时回答电子邮件 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数的抗议者都说在首都mbane , 而且不能得到曼尼 , 一个45分钟的驱动 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上在戏剧上花了 , 这个球告诉了一个水电坝的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢在低密钥情况下使用这个策略 , 如杂货店、咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	随着一个小山告诉记者 , 每天早上每天上5点 , 第一件事就是帮助母亲理解厕所 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 世卫组织在内部国家拥有强大的存在 , 与当地卫生官员一起工作肩膀 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	阿达:那个电影猫甚至在帽子里展示了我们的立法人 , 就算在电视上战斗 ! 谢什 ! 脸上有什么损失 。
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	这些cnv决策中有很大的变化 , 人们在基因组中拥有了几百万人 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	" 一个低廉的生活成本和大型的纺织品 , 巴克尔斯肯定会在这个城市找到爱 ! " 租赁公司说 。
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	权力主义者认为开放性是资源集成者最重要的质量 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	在粉末形式中 , 应储存在冰箱里 , 防止曝光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	采用风吹煤设备和煤颗粒屏幕设备 , 提供了半层燃烧炉 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fgets , fgets、fscanf和flose函数也返回错误的错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳定的影像部件 , 一个稳定的视觉信息处理部分和电机驱动部件 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流体分析在指导代谢工程中起着重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 在过去计算中 , 需要近似的情况下 , 模拟消防器 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	显示了该数据库中的所有列名列列列列列列表 , 具有独特的单列索引 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地球物理学家都知道 , 地球物理学是一种广泛应用的数值方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约纽约新闻报告指出 , 周二股市的利润导致早期增长 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定国家股权所有权的工作计划 , 建立国家股权拥有和合资公司的代表 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:在刺激70hh患者后 , 采用淋巴细胞成功从淋巴细胞上克隆 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种可绑定的前面部分的牵引修复床 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	其他全身的皮肤皮革 , 没有头发 , 单位表面积不超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一个runaway河 , 我们等待pew.qw.q3721.ople 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈学院提供特殊的第一次推广 , 允许新闻在10美元下采取课程 , 有时候免费 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评价厚螺纹皮肤移植的伤痕表面的感觉恢复 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前矿业企业的有效税收率低于非主导企业的1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数社会昆虫中 , 比如isps、bees和蚂蚁 , 雌性规则 , 女性是工 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	采用模拟和实验 , 研究了低压系统短路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	插入表之后 , 数据库返回了id列的id值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义 , 每个人都有自己独特的创造性思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	通过对夏季和冬季提到的方法 , 得出了能量消耗的结论 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论在r.flavictct中没有耐药性 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	孟买时代女士开始查询一个关键问题 , " 他做这批制造商做了很多并且很大地 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆 " 智慧 " 的wtwick:绅士...让我向朋友介绍你:优秀的原始 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	元兴北地位 , 台山顶部 , 是一个温度的大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	除了例外 , 丹迪可以允许客户重新调用或修改相关指令秩序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常情况 , 和宏观之间 , 极其薄弱的组织保护 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	专业设计师为您创建各种设计风格 , 经历了多年的建筑团队 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 对于lambdas的真正优势是当您在飞行上创建功能的时候 , 没有变量参考 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人们 , 老朋友和亲戚的搜索工具 , 包括41页 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这种设计 , 双臂风格的变化 , 只有轻松的模式 , 就像法国一样短暂 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 如果你在本周被压缩了100磅 , 那么下周你应该尝试105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	好的 , 宇宙的概念 , 是古代人之间广泛的广泛传播 , 你可能熟悉的 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	正常肽生产的分离过程可以离开 , 产品具有高产量和质量 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论提高原发性介质ctct诊断精度的关键是定位肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有的描述都在手上和修正下 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法 , 求解非线性测量函数与雷达坡干涉的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	在印度 , 是建立基于煤炭的大型电厂 , 是气候污染的主要气候污染公司 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你已经覆盖了引导 , 查看meller的方法 , 我最后一次提到它 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农民种子从市场买到的种子 , 秋天就没收了 , 因为种子是假的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	公司总体利润率从一年的季度增长到36.3% , 从34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	186名肝移植患者接受不溶症 , 4例发育的肺炎属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	" 作为一个父母的手段足够成熟 , 帮助孩子适应失望 , " achenbach说 。
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外界事件从贷款compleone过程的监测模型发送到高级监测器模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天比韩国的日本规则更多 , 其罪人意味着 , 朝鲜的差异更多 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的记忆仪式很不同于周和卢在圣经时代 , 地方提供 , 等 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至被告知 , 烟雾不仅是吸烟者 , 而且还是吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结山东方教授治疗胸部气管梗阻的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	没有检测材料 , 可以用作阻抗特殊雷达吸收器 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了用于太阳能热单元的铝合金支持电泳涂料过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效果和其他温暖饮料 , 比如茶或可口 , 可以使你的精神上升 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨心电图特征及二次异常j波的临床意义和电图特征 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:研究米拉比利斯的萌发特点 , 通过解决它们的种子来探讨其萌发特点 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多级垂直切割机的应用范围及其结构 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆柱容器具有广泛的口径 , 便于容易填充和方便的访问内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	百年和中央范围快速气候变化是分配研究中最重要的方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	这是公安机构中应用的常见问题 , 广泛存在于公安机构 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国最终结束了一个遥远的西北部城市的四大块 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这个问题 , 我们已经通过单个hscs进行一系列的组织重建研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	随着眼睛健康公司 , 巴斯和洛布表示 , 完善视觉 , 提高世界各地消费者生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助医疗企业顾客解决问题 , 人类健康追求是我们的理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街头骨架和建筑骨架的新方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	另一端光谱是苏明 , 来自北京大学农民和研究 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大企业已经开始雇佣西方人员 , 在美国和欧洲设施中最好的经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到世界的真理 , 确认佛教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为实现控制算法 , 采用plc , 设计了pd控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	117年1月17日开始 , 伊迪亚拉哈的宗教节日宣布了几天的突破 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以在我们的网站上提交自己的想法或评论 , 或者你可以发送一封信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个人彼此增加舒适 , 你会看到更多的头盖 , 因此更加暴露的颈部 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	还有其他青年党在支持的支持下享有记录 , 因为选民们抛弃了传统的权利 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论碳单氧化钾复杂的超碱疗法是高效的治愈率和变形率 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一名球员 , 丹佛·nugget教练乔治·卡尔被命名为乔治·卡尔 , 他在他的团队上经过了一个仪式 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼被加入omega3和蛋白 , 但它们还包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个爷爷里采取的骄傲 , 或者对那些人来说 , 还有影响 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了使用清单1中示的xslt任务中生成的检查样式报告的示例 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	一个中央新泽西的社区 , 一个新的布鲁斯威克郊区 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	采用单评价方法 , 满足水泥效果优化评价的需求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升 , 温暖空气形成明显的云 , 可见在卫星和模型图像中 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	瓶子里有一个差异 , 它是一个特殊的小型复制 , 可以帮助您执行专注的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	附近的muttrah拥有一个魅力的中海风格的中海风格 , 现在的哈尔堡现在主要使用了ruiselider 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持此 , 命令vmdeloymgr.sh的三个选项是vdm的主要应用 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券是标记的市场 , 但这个新加坡仍然允许证券在历史成本上运行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想让国家公共服务员的财产透明 , 我们应该建立并消费这个系统 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbs论坛作为获得消息和沟通的工具 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子花了巨大的好意 , 直到她的声音增长了shrill 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你坐在一块炸弹前面的时候 , 循环list就不会在刹车下骑着 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	bronxzo是不可思议的 , 幻想的 , 非常好的领域 , 用那么多的看到和做 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是 , 为什么一个想让交叉技术混合ui组件混合起来吗 ? 路恩解释了一些使用cas的一些用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 基于jw1h医院信息系统 , 设计并开发军医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	fra和nfma强化了发展中国家的能力 , 为他们自己的利益管理森林信息基地 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小规模化学运行并从美国铜矿中污染 , 证明该矿是灾难的 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	该病人和41名其他乘客在上海从墨西哥到达上海的乘客 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	内部区效应必须考虑tc的准确度 , 如果需要在一个mgal水平时 , 必须采取最多的区域效应 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一种重型的工艺 , 高型煤炭氧化涂料用于合金服务中钢筋和混凝土的保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	" 民法制度 " 的文化从自由资本主义转化到垄断资本主义 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	任何这些位置或风格都需要登录的优秀用户 , 可以找到不会破坏或错误的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	考察了肝体重、tg、tc、hdlc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研发能力已经达到世界标准 , " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	耶稣问他们 , " 哪个法律在萨巴斯上 , 为了保存生命或杀死吗 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一个19岁的工作人员名叫马晓乾的身体在4:30岁的高层门前发现了他的身体 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你还可以回忆到 , 媒体被称为 " 附近的magoo先生 " 和 " 混乱 " 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但是在爱丁堡大学后 , 他在自然历史上证明了更多的兴趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	问 。 我的青少年参与了这么多活动:学校 , 婴儿坐在教堂 , 体育馆 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	另外一个人说: " 离开另一个维度的选举 , 可能是字符或是什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	洛斯说 , 研究表明 , 重量、脂肪和疾病之间的理解具有重要意义 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户维持他们的网站朋友列表 , 并且看看其他朋友添加了谁 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家谈论工资平等 , 但我父亲在他的整个职业中做了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 中国三寸金莲和西角也有这样的古典时尚 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果在意大利销售iphone 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 这个概念是阻止你的裤子 , 你不能得到或你错过家里的东西 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维克·弗莱奇的基本预言 , 携带利益是管理其他人钱的费用 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的泡沫实验中 , 得到直接闪光技术能满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	两间客户间有1500w分离的墙型空调 , 可以调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个捕捉图像来绘制眼睛和覆盖线 , 通过给出一个令人惊讶的思想 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 , 请不要期待我做床的完美 , 画一张照片或扔球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	过去五年来 , 慢性发现 , 他们的媒体增加 , 调整通货膨胀 , 是19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法采用改性trapelisa检测2780细胞的分子酶活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做许多选择 , 但是如果你想要做什么 , 咨询ocapri项目wki页 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一个新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我将尽快与这个团队合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	艾莉·迪金森住在一个叫做家庭的大楼里 , 她的姐拉维尼亚的小屋里 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我住在整个晚上 , 醒来一张硬板 , 让蚊子保持像一条卫星一样的蚊子 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始思考这些问题在你在冥想中做什么时候 , 它们会使它更加稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而 , 我们看到 , 政府官员属于最为犯罪和 " 法律 " 专业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书长 。 我们离开时间了 ! 你必须向车辆设备发送 , 并从城市提取了它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们建立在一系列港口 , 每个独特的目标 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇见了她未来的丈夫陈纳尔 , 是中国主要战英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了目标移动 , 外 , 还需要男性可以推动 , 除了前面的目标外 , 否则 , 还需要男性 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这实际上 , 我想从希腊语中导演 , " synkope " synkope , synkope , ynkope 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的影响是城市收入的侵蚀 , 因为这类税收的财产价值基地继续缩短 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在m1可能是莫托格普最好的自行车 , 雅马哈有很大的骑手 , 所以看起来像他们不需要我一样 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的喜悦 , 他带来了我的生活 , 因为每个梦想 , 因为我在他中找到的爱 , 我永远会感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑蚂蚁获得了多年的工作经验 , 与标准合作 , 设计特殊和完善的商务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑大型机械远程测试的相同特点 , 该系统可以用于其他大型机械测试过程中找到变形应用 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最受欢迎的厨房应用之一是它的28000个厨房 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	四月份报道 , 全球经济增长速度越来越慢 , 今年在196个国家的26个国家 , 由于4月的数据越来越弱 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统主义把手带到 " 价值 " 和 " 示威化 " 的手中 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	你的细胞使rna转移 , 如果他们在这里做一个转移rna分子 , 它们只能在另一端放置leucine 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水饱和缺陷、自由水、边界水和细胞盐浓度与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要攻击 , 一个在四角洲的拉霍尔和其他地方的队伍 , 死亡了超过100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	看起来 , 花色与总黄酮含量之间没有明显的法律 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	在格兰风格上 , 1996年的年度报告由espo地面创造的咖啡分辨纸组成 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家 , 我很容易的步骤 , 穿着沙拉 , 心里 , " 波普斯 , " 唱它的歌曲 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 我今晚不会喝酒 , 因为我是设计的司机 , 只要给我的玻璃给我设计的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 提出了类似多硅烷的研究难点 , 提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	本文介绍了 " 海关301船 " 的全尺寸测试结果 , 或者没有流动坦克和海洋 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 还有其他火山地点 , 比如mtetna , 火山在中国 , 可能适合研究人员模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	熊猫立刻送出最好的萨普郡 , rubies和钻石 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会带来压力 , 让你自己像电影和舞蹈这样的一些娱乐活动 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友圈子里 , 工作选择是最可能从政府中提高投票的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人已经达成共识 , 坚持联合开发和加速咨询的一般方向 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是阿森罗宾和乔布·科尔的坏消息 , 我努力看看他们如何在团队获得正常的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在一家住宅设施安全 , 水 , 享受舒适的纯水 , 下午4点钟 , 因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 玉宁的文本研究在一个梦想中 , 红色管理梦想中存在着小水的纯粹性 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除消除或制造 , 两者的计划和未完成的下滑时间 , 消除失败的单点 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能继续恢复 , 因为左臂仍然固定 , 左臂在左侧皱纹狐狸开始推动 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:研究高氧诱导慢性肺疾病的血管蛋白i型受体表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册查询表的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	本合同的任何修改应当由买方签署 , 买方和卖方签署 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	空间科学院高速计算中心为学生和教育提供了高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	在获得许可科学的程度之后 , 我在1960年10月进入了韦斯森的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	gpo的美国政府公开的目录是联邦发布的可搜索数据库 , 链接在网上 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	在2006年至2010年之间 , 美国pto并没有向任何中国基于中国的五家公司颁发专利 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管如此 , 赵魏同样强调表演工作没有手段限制剩余的手段 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈伊克和罗宾斯应该强调私人水果的关键主义 , 短视私人水果的观点 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是一个国家 , 重视欧洲和运动的重要影响 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由其大小约束 , 病毒使用重叠的阅读框架来生成蛋白的完整补充 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二维是 , 您需要更多的财政刺激 , 在这个国家中 , 可以加强它的国家 , 这是前载的 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁 , 用柠檬汁洗掉你的脸 , 还可以在黑头上拿出它们 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:改善三阳三阴的综合鉴别 , 探讨经典治疗胎儿疾病的经典 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	室内选项不要把一些可燃和爆炸的物质堆起来 , 室内吸收防火 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	在生产和测试环境中 , 自动定位所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 用于监测和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内外 , 我们的客户包括宝钢、手钢、任何钢铁、江钢等大型铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘密服务估计 , 每年印刷了1亿美元的反馈美元 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	老师的职业道德从两个方面出发 , 历史和实践 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文应用自组织竞争神经网络的参数对异步电机的识别 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立一种hplc方法 , 同时评价复方复方鼻喷雾的同时评价方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防御建立的可能 , 中国已经破坏了f17的秘密 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近的一项调查 , 大约78.9%的大学生希望进一步进一步进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼经常被描述为人类邪恶的骚扰 , 正义上是莫塔罗的行为 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	采用光敏聚合物 , 实现了高温比例 , 采用光敏聚合物 , 实现了它的太pxel电极和总线 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的金融状况尤其是坏 , 半人说他们有那么多的学生债务 , 他们不能拯救 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 查丽的天使 , 爱船 , 王朝 , 永远希望90210和梅罗斯 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	联合国艾滋病/艾滋病项目已建立一个委员会 , 研究亚洲和太平洋发展的疾病及其影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	作为罗森堡笔记 , 黑人写作的批评经常被当作黑人历史上暴露的前提 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	你应该提醒 , 除非你给予正确和完成信息之外 , 否则您将会出席任何关于这次会议的相关事件 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的焊接工程师托马斯·塞克尔本周在第一次飞行的飞行中占据了3秒 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	我的浅色知识缺乏实际经验 , 希望读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	对于我来说 , 地球的心是这个无眠的夜晚 , 今天早晨 , 希望今天早晨在悲伤的冥想中 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 贪婪不应该被贪婪地处理 , " 一位欲望的父母说 , " 他们对我们来说是如此怀疑的 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了来自圣诞节的电影目录的动画特征 , 并且有一个手机展示动画学院 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰共同加入第三条路或中路的火焰 , 还有火焰分离出来的火焰 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	夜晚 , 安静地进入西方 , 忽略地球的细微或多少阴影霍尔在边缘的想象中 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她在她右边的银牌上穿着她的右边的银牌 , 因为马的第一个直觉是从危险中逃离 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于二次晶体的发生 , 转型轧板可以创造相对完善的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx之间的数据源记录和数据源数据成员之间的字段数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	通过肥肥化 , 结合氮供应和氮需求的平衡 , 使水稻产量稳定 , 高 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 每个帖子都带着一个新的女王蜜蜂 , 然后 , 看看巢里的数字几乎没有蜂蜜 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开营地 , 他的公路或布布鲁格桥等待回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	证明了采用多样性热处理是相关转子锻炼位置的一种新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽印刷 , 吸引色彩可以更新药品包 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自那时 , 父亲在6月第三日在全国第三个星期日在家庭认识到了他们的家庭 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么我们很多人在聊天之后用微波饭放下自己 , 因为它便利吗 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是简单的包装结构 , 许多渠道可以交换一个json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	紧急车辆的驾驶员和参加者不能吸收他们的邮件 , 死在那里 , 他们停止给援助和援助 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	凯文·鲁德在昨晚与澳大利亚投票人签下了一张照片 , 让他们前进 , 忘记了一个新的未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了黄土石油化的反应机制及反应产品利用情况 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看起来很密切 , 我们的野花就像我们在园林里培养的任何东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这个著名的绘画是在澳大利亚发现的2008年 , 在澳大利亚的文档岩石艺术中发现的千上万 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生活时间短...每个人享受生命 , 享受美好的东西 , 包括这小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	有效的支付红酒 , 红酒 , 正式网站支付帕尼亚汤 , 帕尼亚汤 , 帕尼亚汤汤 , 帕尼亚汤汤 , 补充效果吗 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 绍兴鸭和饮食cp水平明显影响cp保留率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城镇附近的新收集显示很多文件夹 , 但也有实际的事情 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音频 , 光 , 音乐和技术展览由ceta每年5月举行 , 每年5月至6月举行 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 可导致膜厚度增加 , 膜增长过程中膜厚度增加 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与对照组相比 , 心脏动脉和心脏静脉区域显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	本文总结了vsam文件的结构、数据空间、目录、数据保护功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法采用308例nm激光治疗79例稳定vitigo患者的358例病变 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	针对2nd一代农民工的平滑进展 , 提出了相关建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些喜欢的机构服务 , 享受短距离、低成本、管理或监管的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡水库地区岩体力学性能的影响进行了评价 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署最小磁盘或ram需求的机器 , 那么它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法将患者分为不同组 , 然后所有患者在肾上彩色多普勒能量成像检查中 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃没有情绪 , 笑容 , 总是带着刘晓慧的风景 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 在妊娠期间 , 忽略有效的抗抑郁药物 , 包括60%或更多的复发风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果在动物研究中 , 肺炎可能抑制淀粉生长 , 巴克里斯·科里斯和巴克里斯·奥斯汀 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当有建筑物时 , 它们通常存在着泥土或泥土的结构 , 它们不会生存下雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转变点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示了不控制移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	同时 , 提出了一种基于cpld的基于cpld控制器的两个amitude的共振dclink逆变器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一个刑事诉讼负责莫利亚在她当时担任银行员工的时候 , 由于莫里亚的大量资金 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他民事服务员通常应参与离职培训 , 每年不到12天的积累 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化剂活化碳脱硫装置 , 用于净化污水泵站 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonams地理数据库可用于创建性共同属性许可下载免费的地理数据库 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯托还知道 , 金买了几个不同的传奇 , 与其开始和意义相关的传奇相关的传奇 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种低电压装置布局优化的颗粒优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这并不对 。 " 最后 , 瓦斯告诉我我 , 我受到ptsd的伤害--后应激障碍 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺庙里 , 他发现男子卖牛 , 羊和狗 , 还有人坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	vbelt等效系数表明 , vbelt的承载能力高于平面带 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子通常在同一晚上都有夜误 , 通常有时在睡眠之后第一小时 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算每年每生命的增加成本 , 为各种可靠的个人和高风险个人而言 , 计算每年的增加成本 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可以使用基于gui的管理工具 , 以确定一个特定的环境修改容器的容器 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可证是一种保护草药 , 证明许可证的表现正在推迟phlegm和逮捕咳嗽 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo咨询程序外包服务提供了部分或整体化的各种服务 , 在招聘期间 , 为客户提供各种服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去五十年或百年 , 转移民族主义是文学知识分子之间的常见现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	采用催化剂 , 合成了黄油醛和甘油醇 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文研究了接口自动、时间接口自动、资源界面和游戏的思想 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	如9/1恐怖分子攻击等特殊事件 , 也往往会成为儿童记忆中搜索的 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 星半学研究的启动是多维学术和实际意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏的特点将在实现教学对象和教学任务方面发挥重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	那么多年来 , 由自由民主党引入的改革 , 重建日本长期经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	世界上先进的液氮卡车已应用于石油生产中 , 并且在1994年进口了良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我奇怪的添加特征是像婴儿、收集死亡的东西 , 并且在布莱奇的浴室里充满鼓舞 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯沃布顿表示 , 该mbation计划显示 , 成员在发展可持续食品生产中占领的作用 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	路透再次拯救埃瓦桑 , 周围的医生和他的巨大的形式 , 从洞穴墙下降 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在 , 让我们还检索我们的网格工作的部分是我们自己的 , 只有能量 , 只有在这里 , 还有空洞和空间 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于那些曾经在烹饪和苏达的人来说 , 路到整个谷物 , 偶尔是植物主义生活开始 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgfgfga晶体生长过程中多晶体的 " 接口效应 " 及其发生情况 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留他们的电话号码 , 包括区域代码 , 当他们从国家移动时 , 所以很难知道他们在哪里 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法选用11例运动阶段 , 进行血动监测 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本文的目的是对本地区建立的一些有益的研究模式 , 尽管本论文的研究模式仍然不足 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	商务首先 , 高兴后来 , 王理查德说 , 当他站在塔里的另一王时 , 他吸烟了婴儿 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	多孔硅和其制备技术在微型传感器领域广泛应用于微型传感器领域 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来 , 如果安全设备在这次活动中走 , 没有什么能保护他们在利物浦的失败中丧失 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像来自mesenger , 美国宇航局发现的任务 , 导致了最初的轨道研究 , mercury 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我前老师告诉我 , 作为英语主要的英语 , 我应该读大巴巴巴拉 , 一个由g.haw的主要演员之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘的作品显示了一个现代化的中国人民左后留下的现代化中国人民的现代化 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三个宝宝 , 他将他的路回到天堂 。 当他在珍珠门外 , 他决定检查他的元素 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸脸颊 , 嘴唇 , 胸部 , 腿 , 感觉他们的伴侣沿着他们的手 , 大腿或胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	利用区域气候模型 , 研究了我国地区旱地区气候变化的区域气候反应 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	通过选择蛋白 , 选择蛋白的生物功能是10个细胞因子的特殊形式 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , chci3和ccl4浓度比来源水更高 , 尤其是ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	另外 , 应该有几个巨大的炸弹场景 , 可以提供行动和破坏时刻 , 因此它可能是有趣的和实现 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在达到山顶 , 将在一次转向后倒下来 , 公共汽车正面临着一个不可靠的障碍 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想成为我的员工 , " 玛丽·艾伦·埃利亚解释说 , 希拉斯堡的超级人士 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍相关或非相关设施如评论位置、观察座位、摄像机位等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	由科学通信者全球广泛应用 , 涉及科学进步的公共决策 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦领导了72%的人们报道说 , 美国在12月12日出现 , 美国人占59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨了这些考虑 , 并探讨空气或冷却系统如何能帮助您优化您的mig或tig焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	其中有一些差异 , 温度化与过渡性相比 , 但它们丰富 , 共同发展文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖于1963年开始视觉效应分类 , 虽然它被称为 " 特殊效果 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入海豹理查德的 " 马克 " 麦奇兹在全球搜索最终武器的一条野生骑行中搜索 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸 , 看起他等着电话的等候 , 然后给我一个地址有效地 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	交易重损伤9秒以上的目标 , 大大降低了他们的arm , 只有从侧或后面使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的马拉里亚控制部门 , 与国际研究团队一起工作 , 已经监测了该干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部署 , 其自我管理 , 自我健康能力最小化人类干预的需要 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pd港已经提交了美国10亿美元进口中心的计划 , 用于一个主要的英国零售商的使用 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 潮湿 , 无点 , 寒冷的王子 , 蓝神经节 , 舞蹈大角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地分散法使农民更容易购买大型公共领域的土地 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在回答一个模式中 , 您可以设置一个预定义的数字 , 然后选择电话应该自动答案 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	全球800多名员工大约有2000多人 , 为世界范围提供技术、系统、知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	下次你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能把它从物理诞生之前来到哪里 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析师表示 , 中国短期以来 , 希望将其产业融合成像布鲁伯格、时间战争和维拉克公司一样的公司 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果一个rac节点停止工作 , oracle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到oracle级别清洁和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在通知的过去 , 一个发展的国家倾向于被视为一个缺乏现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨腹腔恶性内镜诊断fdgpet延迟图像的评价 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	分析了夏季马洛多污染的特点 , 提出相应的操纵措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:通过结合药物酸和伯丁水氯化物 , 测定复杂的方法 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	四川人民国会由于担心英国的疑问 , 李毅江被解雇为四川人民的职责 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	此后 , 由政治顾问提出的话 , 叫政府放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	白领的原因是他们在职业中追求工作成绩的原因 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后所有这个地震都发生了 , 我想 , 是那个卡马 ? 当你没有什么坏事情发生在你身上 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当复制的时候 , 这个集体知识使软件模式有价值扩展 , 并分类为反模式 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文总结了近年来同化酶的磁性聚合物微球的成果及应用 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象相似的灰尘枕头指向热蓝色星 , 是它们的愤怒效果的标志 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但是很老的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.obox地址 , 接收者号必须在标签上包含 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这就是我们需要的研究 , 为了使我们最后的决定有多久以后 , 我们需要继续对双板治疗 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论什么原因 , 我倾向于认为他是一个低级的 " 内容者 " , 但他的出版历史相信这幅图像 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉先前的平等队在全国运动队的目标中 , 这个时候他对英格兰球队的攻击 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿的父母是很好的判断 , 让一个最老的儿子立刻帮助其安排工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能源中心位于人神经系统的主要分支 , 从西班牙到头顶的能量中心 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	当你决定一个特定的业务动机发言人决定执行规则并指导你的团队 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	一个新连接网站的初始版本 , 临床和翻译科学网络将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破裂是影响粗粒材料的湿变形的重要因素 , 较好的研究是必要的 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了三维扫描仪的工作原理 , 并介绍了atos光扫描仪的系统校准 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织已发送检验人员向格兰贾斯·卡罗尔农场发送 , 调查结果没有公布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签署签署签名权有个人权利的属性 , 涉及地位权利 , 财产权利和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文对其物理、化学、生物性能及免疫化学检测方法进行了研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	一般宏观描述了武器作为 " 太平洋 " 中最强的因素之一 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	但是这个团队结论 , 德布里斯在冲击后流入裂缝后 , 这些异常是由岩浆组成的 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	与此同样 , 必须是坟墓 , 不要双重的葡萄酒 , 不要给许多葡萄酒 , 不要贪婪过滤的葡萄糖 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	结合pva1799的大小混合物 , 分析了解决方案系统的稳定性 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	先集中的果汁是一种多效蒸发剂 , 将第二部分水分离成浓缩剂 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	1974年夏天 , 福建省福州湾四州湾 , 曾经发掘了一条古代的宋代水果 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	要说 , 旅行是奢华的 , 而且不必要的是石油燃料产生的过度简化 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是垂直位置.149.9 , 但我认为我测量的不确定性可能是1毫米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文对农业研究机构内部会计控制的现状进行了分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃在日常环境中显示化学插入 , 没有与生活事物反应 , 因此它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	第一步实现了广氨酰胺的总合成 , 总产量超过14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果在一所大学的注册人也在做课程 , 他或她可能会扮演两个学生和注册的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	运算结果表明 , 这种方法在高成像精度上是高成像精度的 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将保证农产品的充足供应 , 增加农民通过多渠道的收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解外肺结核病患者mib细菌培养、细菌类型及药敏度 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	通过对整个结构的主要因素进行分析 , 使整个结构简化 , 负光和视觉化 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其他基本油或合剂的合成时 , 某些基本油的协同性 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏的元素可以改善后来的渲染 , 使它更容易跟随您 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	这个例子给出了图形上 , 信心水平和不确定性的gussan的统一r.v 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	矿床上的管形变形特征是在滚动区内的应力和墙厚度的变形 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 私营部门的历史尚未包括正式历史书 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	21世纪是印度社会 , 印度安全是我国国家安全战略的一部分之一 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨粉粒的粒子大小及钾量对粒度的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种耐药率相似 , 耐药率为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了稳定破坏导弹的目标特征和检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的研究高频色多普勒超声对儿童肺动脉造影的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三条规则在数值控制复杂的组件上进行了数值控制复杂的编程和仿真过程 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨两维离子阵列在加速器日常质量保证中的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育思想是教育环境中的一种研究模式或方法 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已经成为一个普遍的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们愿意与一个生命的性传播疾病或贫穷的卫生人一起约会 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	利用基于p波粒子振动的协调旋转 , 实现了不同深度的源组件 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热垫是数字化的 , 通常是灵活的 , 不要从电源出发 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 张子 " 是张州的战国时期 , 是道教的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他化合物或治疗浓度没有明确的吸引力或反应的行为 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	显然 , 这个科学家称之为照片公司 , 订购了 " 缺陷 " 电影 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来10天 , 我将在chq上做超过时间 , 因为大量客户订单 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他将要求国会增加巴基斯坦的援助 , 但在返回巴基斯坦 , 他希望巴基斯坦能够采取安全的安全 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期使用mmmms , 我可能永远不会有另一个冷酷的铜毛病 , 流感 , 或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	也许 , 当他们攻击青少年的时候 , 可能会有一些背景 , 但是至少他们有大多数的生活来评估这些信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse让您自动生成hah代码和等于类的方法 , 这样你不需要做它 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	建筑师可以通过现有应用程序或服务实现 , 需要建立或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们应该认识到我们的语言的猜测精神上升到我所认识的 " 理解 " 之上 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	因为微流比长期运行过程更好 , 使用一个微流来实现您的代理流程 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 标志不会把它的熟悉角色作为一个严格适应典型的耳朵的组成部分 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月11日 , 金刚在江省新建的康吉农场检查 , 照片发布于2009年12月1日 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	一项新的研究报告称 , 红色色猴子将是最受热诱导的叶变化的威胁之一 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	在你的游戏中 , 灵感参与是选择在某些事情中 , 玩完全享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有一个好的时间 , 你不应该问面试结束的时候 , 你就不应该问问你在采访结束的时候 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	美国零售主要沃尔玛2008年规定 , 全球范围内的深层冻结者将与世界各地的领导相关 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者指出 , 随机、安慰剂控制试验需要确认该观察研究的发现 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你不知道我做的 , 因为我读过相同的书 , 听到同样的故事 , 我从来没有看过一本 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p玩家几乎做了银行做的一切 , 市场产品 , 评估浏览器 , 下面和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售房子的情况下 , 需要从一个端到建筑的线性运动到另一个设备以移动人员 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	茶在唐代 , 由于中国西南地区传播 , 数千年以上 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	经过长一天的办公室 , 您可能会在你的新平台屏幕电视前打破房屋和崩溃 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	在印度 , 8.6%的女孩在15岁至19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在尼泊尔 , 这个数字最高10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事检查凯特的生命作为摄影师和访问者 , 以及成为党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都能让你笑 , 很多人都能让你哭泣 , 但是它需要一个人真正特别的让你笑着你的眼睛 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海洋和狗处理器迈克在采访中放置了它 , " 只要狗与手掌一起 , 他爱了生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	同时他在迪士尼 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑白色的短白色的弗兰克维尼 , 大约是一个男孩 , 他的死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一位专家认为 , 多年来 , 美国已经在技术上投资 , 使汽车更加有效 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	人们担心失去工作的人们 , 使他们避免饮用更少的风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	男人补充道: " 他们在中心的一个大型混凝土建筑中心 , 都有一个密切的观点 。 "
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	如果你必须发布一个单独的东西 , 就会使用 , u想做一台荷兰电视吗 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	然而 , 当学生难以置信的比例时 , 他们的排名下降了22岁 , 新华在23岁 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速预测弹性寿命的新方法 , 准确地预测了弹性寿命的最小实验和成本 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	另外 , 检查你的手机或pda , 您永远不会错过你的计划在你的口袋里或追求的时候 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏格山纳说 , 今年1月 " 天线是全球第五大交通源 。 "
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们想要4000个朋友 , 只有希腊 , 谁主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	人们相信透明度有内在价值 , 或者它应该是规范 , 最初可能与此方法有困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	当您需要将输入阵列分为两个或更小的基于输入数据的标准时 , 您可以使用这个技术 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼工业指数平均上涨178.08点 , 或1.53% , 836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	这是一个步骤 , 程序上来自大型模型 , 至少需要一些产品需求的想法 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	采用高质量的大豆粉或饮食纤维 , 加入大豆粉制备高质量的大豆面包 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	农业部长jebaptistedmas , 法国农业部长 , 由于停止流行 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李斯科特 , 沃尔玛的老板 , 世界上最大的零售商李斯科特说 , 为了提高供应链的巨大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	由于以色列继续在加沙周围的地面部队 , 准备可能的地面防御 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	游客走到海滩 , 他们去拉姆岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫巴拿 , 他们坐着喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	sife是一个急救者 , 养育一个爱心 , 养老自信 , 制造许多年轻的小组可以做好好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是原因的惩罚 , 没有疑问 , 但一个人必须认识原因的惩罚 , 然后拿一只帽子去他 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更加丰富的是冷轧后的织物 , 品质改善 , 作为新客户的良好和用户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	利用精子空间望远镜的图片 , 科学家首先从更近的星系和星系中删除了光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设置自己的成绩目标 , 她会学会在自己中获得骄傲 , 并且依靠别人的批准或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥斯岛在海洋沙漠和海洋的重要地方 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这个鸟的其他名字是庆祝帝国鸽子 , 庆祝绿色帝国鸽子和绿色帝国鸽子 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持清洁 , 清晰 , 伪装 , 但绝对关注特定顾客的利益 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	股市流动和国家产品等大规模现象的经济理论主要组成部分 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活让自己从活动中突破 , 强调你是一个很好的放松工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	最后我们看到过过去的时候 , 我们失去了动力能量 , 这将转换为热 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	另外 , 体育可能在绿色带购买一块土地 , 没有知识管理系统的知识 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们所称的 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它基于拉丁 , 古罗马帝国的语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果公司允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 而且在demos零售中销售的名字显示了12.99美元 , 下面 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们一样行动不想被摄影的庆祝 , 是那些秘密的注意力的假设者 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于预防多频测试技术的钢球硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这创建了一个匹配标签 , 在设计蜡烛上自动绑定到节点的字段 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	在血清、肌肉和肝胰岛素的活动仍然保持稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	但是他是一名勇士 , 当他上升的最后一位迪乌 , 他的嘴巴很灰暗地设置 , 他的肩膀被广泛 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔吉姆发出了四枚f16jets和150名军事人员帮助利比亚诺弗区 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色的黑鸟在战后被渗透 , 农民在他们的领域 , 准备另一个季节 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	虽然它周期试验 , 国家不能确定这样的活动 , 但没有损害整个人口 , 尽管它不能预期 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	时尚世界的一个品牌是微妙的 , 它的服装和鞋子来源于巴塞罗那 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但是几天后 , 经历一些类似的东西 , 只有我独自触发了一个记忆 , 让我失去安迪 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 近年来 , 文本的研究已经成为一个广泛的奖励 , 因为我们希望它将成为其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	本文关注了两个方面:在闭合的e2中输送壳的必要条件和充分条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在这部电影里 , 他总是穿着一件肥胖的肌肉 , 穿着男人衣服 , 经常用罐子走得很有趣 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国一百万名越南人在世界大战后一百万名越南人群中被劫持反对 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	结果 , 您获得了两个并行连接器 , 每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 然后回来 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准尺寸衣服变成像莱弗科维兹这样的男人 , 最后的比例可以出现所有错误 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年各样的路由变化 , 通过山、小镇和巴黎街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你曾经在景观设计和城市设计中实践过 , 15年 , 你曾经在你的职业生涯中有什么破坏 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	来自雅拉谷的一个优雅的卡尔纳尼 , 与美丽的柑橘 , 尼卡琳和新鲜的杏仁香味 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子站在他开口 , 荣耀一分钟 , 然后盖茨: " 你没有收到电子邮件吗 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南说 , 三架飞机在凤凰喷射中有类似的飞机 , 再次飞行 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话诉讼是如此有效的基础工具 , 大多数大型社会运动机构使用一个或两个 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师长期知道 , 设计更小 , 轻型车是满足更强的燃料经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听说参议员是25分 , 但他想让我们保持这样的伤痕 , 就像我们后面的路一样 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里安补充道: " 他们知道他的脸 , 甚至在十天之后 , 就算呆在阳光里 , 他的脸没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过数学推导 , 详细阐述了水平轴角与桩角之间的耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明她和丈夫在自身上占有足够的事务状态 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	高度禁止非运动员或非维修人员应进入模具隔震器的安全保护铁路 , 以避免扫描 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 一些发展中国家和日本等发展中国家的加速纤维的发展和应用已经相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本文建立了烟草类型烟草烟草指标模型的准确性 , 为烟草类型87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用合金毒素诱导高血糖的模型 , 观察大巴胺梨颗粒对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	另外 , 通过eml教育建模语言对教育模型的学习内容和功能结构进行了抽象 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	详细介绍了基于地理化变化和变量的基础上 , 详细介绍了kririg解释技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤联系 , 克罗顿油会导致肌肤破裂和疼痛的皮肤灌溉 , 可以持续三周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了一种双发电机并行运行系统的稳定性和活跃功率分布的离散时间滑动模式控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	虽然更多的案例是由特定报告系统报告系统报告的 , 但对于延迟报告案件 , 所以需要完善...
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	海地500多家救援机构正在运行 , 空中充满飞机发电供应到港口 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	聚合物光纤作为短期通信网络的理想传输介质 , 具有良好的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国与新世界相比 , 实际上发现了一个很大的新土地 , 半球南部的一部分新土地 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	合金是近年来上涨的飞机建设的一种新型的新型飞机合金 , 是其弹性的低模块 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 实行工具设置不提供 " 排放 " 规定和环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的王年里 , 大卫都被抓住了 , 发现他们中间有可能在吉利亚的杰拉德 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实际需求相比 , 双边商业合作享有巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验的产生允许吸收 , 集成 , 精神化经验的负段 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干鱼 , 干燥 , 壳 , 海卷 , 壳子 , 壳子 , 壳壳 , 干燥的海蛇 , 糖等 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	结合前面燃烧的方法 , 讨论了燃烧对内蒙古地区人口的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷肥在这种国家使用时 , 产量增加但在农民和环境的高成本上 , 磷肥也越来越多 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 用锅水溶解颗粒溶解颗粒的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	唯一 , 建立了一种桥梁纤维动力学模型 , 解决复合材料的断裂动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督教离婚者在上海发布了一张多媒体照片 , 展示了它的手袋的身体离婚线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , 约旦国王abdullaii指出了一个策略 , 使约旦一个区域信息技术hordan 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定让自己更加聪明 , 因为一个人喜欢这样的人不会被困难的问题 , 而且可以很乐观 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是西米尔艺术思想中的重要范畴 , 同时也是艺术的表达 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	当你将爱长沙尔 , 确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦 , 而且不舒服用卢贝来锻炼彼此原因 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会玩一个小门 , 唱歌来赞赏春天的歌曲 , 这个人将给每个家庭带来一张氧气的照片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 船长蝴蝶 , 你不应该把我那么紧密 , 我会是恶魔 ! 如果你做 , 另外一个舞蹈 , 我的声誉将永远失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的西班牙 , 黄皇帝的继承者正确骄傲的现有的孔子 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的颜色 , 大小将适合一个寺庙或城市平方 , 是一个年轻的、青春、青春的男孩 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千个岛屿湖地区景观指数的结果反映了植物群落的状况 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更多有机肥料不仅能提高土壤混凝土结构和基本特性 , 而且对水土耦合的影响也很好 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这独特的是 , 很容易把公式留下柔软的头发 , 平滑和易于处理新鲜的光芒 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	pedrito试图画他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的亲戚 , 所有人都觉得他在外面呆了 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮机流参数的三维逆转设计方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	现在 , 它包含了一个高端的波音 , 可能是beane先生对这些反方交易人员的笑话 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新火车开始运行时 , 只需要一半小时 , 那只需要吃午饭 , 还有一个鼻子 !
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	溃疡化学在创新和我们成功的关键 , 继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , msc在任何时候 , 任何时候 , 都表达了bdnf的低水平 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	所有的碎片中 , 沙拉 , 标志 , 蓝色的lotus和jasmine--虚拟的折磨是最甜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 , 是澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernateshard文档 , 该属性非常昂贵 , 应该在生产环境中转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	上游袭击了罗马的认知团体 , 成为当前的诺贝克和民事发送的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:研究钛铸件表面反应层表面反应层的组成、微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	冶金工具性能和兼容了我国数据的容量 , 超级英国桌面冶金工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:总结了3501指标之间的文献评价标准 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多尺寸或替代面部设计可以为获得良好的适合和密封提供额外的选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本 , 发现城市员工之间的城市员工是说不包含没有工作的人 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne没有在现代英国 , 但英国南海岸有一个小城镇 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同时 , 刺激经济 , 政府应该回报低利息贷款 , 这是为了房屋、汽车、大市场项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	重新启动geronimo将对一个错误进行纠正 , 但是当数据库访问另一个时 , 再生成异常 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝克纳斯 , 打护士 , 宣布说: " 在多利特的袭击之前 , 美国人知道没有什么事情 。 "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	通过对cobwebcobweb网络算法进行分析 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了根系的根长、茎高、茎基直径、上下地下生物 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信信信相信 , 大多数法尼在星期六在互联网上发布 , 呼吁他亲戚发布的释放 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟类药物如zyban等 , 可以通过预订 , 帮助许多人没有获得体重 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	鉴别了24个犹太国家的10个发病组的12个可行性研究 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发以确定土地供应量 , 以提高土地规范 , 以阻止土地保护行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后采用燃烧热法对不同晶体不同晶体变化的稳定性进行了研究 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生顾问团队建设医生学生的培训质量很重要 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文提出了一种多输入多输入多输入细胞系统的功率平衡方法 , 分析了ber性能 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	聚类技术提供了一种低级消息结构 , 它保持集群同步中的所有节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常被感染的人传播到沙利瓦咳嗽的小滴流感病毒 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列表了许多需要的需求和选择的晶体算法 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金山警告明江不要破坏郑鸿 , 或者他将明华真正的身份 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他看起来很大程度地寻找她的意识上的所有倾向点 , 因此 , 就像在她最危险的伤口上冲突 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动化建模技术是研究交通流动态问题的一种简单有效的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用他们的驾驶员许可证申请中国驱动许可证 , 同样是下面的信息 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非稳定大脑的加工包括加工卵母 , 牛仔小麦 , 以及制备大麦的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化工业有限公司是一个成功的例子 , 政府和商人在特殊有限公司合作 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波导导致密封液化是黄河三角洲潜艇生理学的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	本文叙述了脉冲一致性控制系统的神经元自适应pid控制器的算法和学习规则 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	世纪的文档家教导他们的学生如何把特定的情绪或消息传递给特定的情绪 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	房间温度测量的导电性必须正确 , 如果它们在深度上使用的岩石 , 则要比1000米以上的岩石更多 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	采用陶瓷化合铜管 , 具有优良的服务效果 , 降低管坯生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他运行 , 没有人笑... " 燕敏时刻转变了皮肤风格的面部声明 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	在第一个四叶之后 , 一些强劲的种子在第一个四叶和烟雾后 , 第二次取耳朵出生 , 耳朵出生 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	本文提出了一种新型的电力线圈 , 旨在解决高压线的电力监测系统在线电力监测系统中的应用问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	路华区国王金融中心的零售空间将短暂发布 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	十五年12月15日 , 我与国会达成奥尼布斯预算协议 , 我与国会最后一项主要的立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它有关于松散耦合结构的好处 , 比如代码可重用性 , 还限制了测试工作 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个在她右手中的网球球赛的人一样 , 巴尔60年代的衰退已经被镜子转变了一个内在的手 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如以前的季节似乎没有真正的联系在中场和袭击中场之间的真正联系 , 而且需要一个新的季节是闪耀的 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约书亚为上帝的帮助 , 他知道以色列人必须在新家的新家园之前战斗很多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在由卡罗琳·埃弗森取代了全球销售迈克·穆里菲的长期vp 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 给出了该模型的例子 , 分析了一种用贝尔丹的瑞典价格的一些影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	星球和行星形成的尘埃和气体 , 可见光不能渗透 , 但红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但是如沙曼先生所说的那样 , 一个印象的文档过程只有控制的过程 , 因此只有微弱风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生活经常被视为一个公平的传奇婚姻 , 她的传奇的传奇婚姻是这个概念的哈马克 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调查数学图书馆和混合规划 , 数值结果对深部6800是满意的 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 天津市民援助 " 四自由 " 政策 , 全面实施低价国家援助的国家援助 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 , 不要为什么抱怨 , 让人们对你的生命的负面印象 , 使人们认为你是 " 贪婪 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	让你总是想做的事情列表 , 但不能因为你正在提高你的孩子 , 也许是写作或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的阿尔沃尔俱乐部预计将在接下来2年签署迪拜·马拉纳作为其教练的正式宣布 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题很困难 , 因为两个测试采取者可以结束不同的分数或两个不同的知识水平 , 可以结束相同的分数 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	当我们大多数人听到一个巨大的暴风雨时 , 一位戴尔德维尔摄影师在他能接近工作 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将于8月31日完成这个客人邮件 , 我知道这是因为我不会丢掉1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 游戏失去了流行性 , 大部分原因化妆品的增长 , 由于皇帝奥多斯托乌斯在394年的广告中废弃 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	龙形象的分析可以使人们感到兴趣 , 因为龙是一种与传统中国文化密切相关的图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是古老战斗 ; 恶魔邪恶 , 傲慢的浪漫 , 手动的浪漫 , 又不那么聪明 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适合elf传输器的位置 , 由平衡和卡里昂尼亚盾牌覆盖的地区 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	阳光灿烂 , 所以卡伦和老太太太太太阳沿着玉米的脚路走过了 , 这里的地方却相当有责任 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料 , 穿着一辆飞行车 , 外 , 还需要把时间花到我的家里 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在那些脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施是非存在的地方 , 战斗政治病毒的成本 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他说 , 随着采购卡车负载了战斗员头到前面 , 莫特拉壳的声音在两分钟间歇中听到 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次看到阿尔帕奇诺的电影时 , 我第一次在我的生活中 , 认为我想成为另一个人 , " 他回忆道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由太平洋裂缝盆地组成的一个巨大的超叠盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有许多生物功能 , 尤其是对病理状况的保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	聊天线上 , 学生可以表达自己的感觉 , 更自由地表达自己的意见 , 甚至与外国语言研究有助 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使它从未来战争 , 台湾成年仍然是更好的中美关系的障碍 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室设置工作 , 我不确定如何学习礼貌 , 如何适当地讲话 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	其次 , 利用比较分析方法 , 证明了wrh的学术可行性 , 建立rh的数学模型 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主机逃跑 , 学校后的代理也注意训练 " spy " 和 " 视频tape像代理一样 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过一个mcgs的远程监测网络 , 用于监测卫星传输器的工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加里卡·费斯先生 , 他想看银行家 , 负责考虑到国家问题税收和采购的问题 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32他没有自己的儿子 , 可是给我们一切都不会 , 和他一起 , 让我们全都给我们吗 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	在实际情况下 , 西岸已经从东耶路撒冷分离 , 仍然是巴勒斯坦最受欢迎的巴勒斯坦城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	接着我第二个软件raid文章 , 我们将考虑一些更先进的软件raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天一声音会在他的头上听起来 , 他的心里的声音会响应答答答 , 同时他在无尽的任务上劳动 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前石油勘探已经从构造水库到岩性和岩性水库中趋势 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	例如 , 梅迪亚在肾脏上保持的合并医生被称为 " 肾 " 的名字 , 另外一些人可能由模拟造成 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	本品种在北极地区外 , 没有成功 , 但在路透谷和加利福尼亚培养 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫拿了菲律宾的头 , 把它带到耶路撒冷 , 他把伊利士坦的武器放在自己的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	该算法满足了新字符数控加工技术的需要 , 利用字符骨架生成工具路径 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售没有中心 , 那么信任者对自己做出了不足的效果 , 那么信任者对交通员来说是绑定 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	虽然数据同步发送 , 但协议提供在网络传输过程中丧失消息的协议 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件良好时 , 土壤水含量较低 , 发展过程延长 , 生存率降低 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	血管生理状况是血管负载生理压力的状态 , 体外零应力状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	轻视葡萄酒 , 高雅混合香味 , 笑着笑着 , 人群在手上忙碌 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	因此 , 国家补贴是削减和隐私的增加 , 更多的工作往往会导致那些不付款的人 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 金小小突然问一句话 , 东尼是冷酷的 , 可是要求几个原因 。 "
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	明显的决心看他最好的时候 , 良好的哺乳动物花了很长时间 , 仔细地检查他剩余的脏物 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画是由中国绘画中发现的各种各样的绘画和表现方法的印象而造成的印象 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发布在线信息和叶片旨在说服妊娠妇女有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	foaf信息的法律义务是否符合fof信息的集体 , 在法律上 , 他们在哪里运行哪里 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里散开了黑色的毯子 , 吃了我们的饭 , 很快就在那里吃了我们的晚餐 , 又开始雨 , 风吹也很难 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数岩坡稳定性分析表明 , 岩层稳定性与恒震平面的平面表面 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	牛津教育馆在一个古老的佛教仪式上被瑞典 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个程序还引入了偶尔突变和随机性 , 它们之一可能产生事故原因 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌的鼻子:把它放在锅水中 , 直到硬核被污染 , 然后用肉或蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	目标是文件的最后访问时间 , 每次访问文件 , 下面的文件系统必须记录这个时间戳 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	与此同时 , 高温区逐步降低 , 直到火灾灭火 , 随着水失的变化 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这类不授权的计算机侵入明显反对法律 , 但反对种族的战争是一个挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股票的比例越高 , 资金额越少 , 现金流量对投资的影响越小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们在北约和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战方面进行联合评论 。 "
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	水溶性乳氨酯加入介质后 , 纤维种子降低 , 但污染率总高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解物产生了肉味的必要性 , 使这些快速烹饪汤、肉等激励 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	建议菜包括哈卡风格的豆曲线 , 用虾肉和虾肉浸泡 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	通过实验研究了激光诱导血浆反射的微波反射频率下降和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	rubish收集器随后在处理废弃的瓶子后面 , 绑定今天成为一个巨大的财富 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受您成功的祝贺 , 我希望更好地报告成功的信 , 更快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 上海150名警察在昨晚在北京北京市区的中海领导化合物道路上发布 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影中的一个记忆场景 , 叫gorillas , 基于真正的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备广泛用于食品加工厂 , 食品仓库等等 , 单位设备往错误 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	成立于1540年 , 卡米切经常被buccaneser在17世纪 , 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	技术实施和应用已经积累了我国其他地区建设油气存储的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来江苏大学教育评估机制的特点进行了分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这个狗的另一个名字是中国的猪 , 荷兰牛肉 , 荷兰大夫 , 米尼·马斯菲夫和其它国家是中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种基于基于基于形态干扰的单核磁场传感器制备的新型单核心和双赢磁场传感器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是可怕的 , 现在很难找到一份工作 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了有限交叉流空调控制方法及其控制方法 , 对现有问题提出了一些改进意见 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是高中生的研究 , 通过研究成果者的心理问题研究 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨应用胃肠肠肠细胞 " 功能 " 的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者购买有机增长食物 , 因为他们相信产品是健康、味道更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	通过实验方法研究了fpso在极端波中滑动负荷的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德威尔说 , 世界范围的数据损失现在代表了40亿美元的损失 , 每年会影响企业和个人的损失 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	轻视葡萄酒 , 高雅混合了香味 , 笑着笑着 , 挤满了手 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	不同协会中abyanbaoshanenis的不同人口结构反映了社区成功的过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	在日志中 , gename方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用服务器生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含从一个程序发送到另一个程序 , 其内容和结构由使用它的应用程序定义 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东区和nka控制的pw%很好 , 在一年内保持它 , 同时也达到100%的ytdgs目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要心灵和身体 , 如果心脏能进入细胞内 , 就能渗透细胞的膜 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	通过对比sats和cft的应用 , 研究了710种牛肉样本的布鲁塞利斯在西班牙伊丽莎的应用 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	介绍了东方绘画中墨水的影响 , 利用空间纹理 , 获得新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能指出你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子是不完的 。 " 如果你相信他们 , 看看 , 你是四月的愚蠢 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她抱怨或不可避免地把自己放在三角关系的索引中 , 并不能看到她在过程中所造成的痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷酸复合物的主要活性是促进细胞吸收 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用和理论的一个主体 , 需要高科技和很多工作经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和傲慢性很小 , 但有世界范围外 , 尤其是 , 我希望我可以自我不足 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年 , 弱势经济承认了一些家庭可能不能为大学付款的神经元 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	军官打开了他们的巡逻车的卡车 , 推出像一个玩具模式飞机和一个视频相机的玩具模型飞机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	她用 " 幽默 " 作为一条吸烟屏幕 , 作为一个吸烟屏幕 , 萨洛蒙注释道 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	错误听到这一点 , 他在仆人上喊出来 , " 谁给我承诺给我承诺的承诺吗 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 艾利·林达和伊安承诺 , 如果必要 , 就要把我放在酒吧上 , 我不能错过这一点 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性感很不同 , 就像你似乎说的那样 , 那么你就有什么必要的事情 ? " 问年轻人 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我清楚她如何笑容 , 是英语拼写的道路 , 但对于悲剧的抱怨 , 我们正在考试它 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿在阅读或观看 , 讨论她 , 鼓励她谈论她 , 或者听说什么 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	随着文档的工作 , 每个国家文件规定和上海规定 , 分类、级别和识别文档 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	经常受到冲击 , 偶尔是越来越多的 , 丹尼必须在长途中学会成为病人 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	紧张的男人坐在飞机的座位上 , 很快他们在空中飞行 , 尽管飞行迅速 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期以来 , 中国重视小叶茶 , 忽略了大叶子 , 茶叶输出和出口日趋减少 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在漫长的夜里 , 很多人都有一个甜美的梦想 , 即使安静的睡眠时刻 , 但不能做 , 就算不到那么多 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	" 所有这些都导致了很多苦难 , " 印度urdu新闻机构的编辑说 。
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	在生化学、生物学、医学或相关科学的生物化学、医学或相关科学 , 至少有5年的相关经验 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法是一种较小的损伤 , 血液 , 是甲状腺切除术中最安全的方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们还可以在世界广泛的网络上留下 , 这是国际通讯网络的媒体组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于双端信息和单端信息的传输线非传输保护的实现 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他生活了一个简单又脆弱的生活 , 因为他的工作 , 因此他总是失去了晚餐时间 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 旧弗朗西斯科的政府董事会通过当地法禁止孩子产品中的化学法律 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗宁是一个晚唐不允许忽略作家 , 它的诗歌明显的区域由唐向歌转变特性 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西星期一被提醒我们的根 , 当苏格尔斯·米尔时 , 俱乐部创始人的伟大成员支付我们的访问 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但是看 , 这只是与整个体系的护理医生在我们上传下的 , 因为他们不能处理他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的评价二甲酸盐对营区b测试领域的鲁棒控制效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年第一个时候 , 风吹起了风吹 , 听到幽默的灰尘 , 干掉了人群落下来 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	胡格斯承诺继续建立 " 羞辱的连接 " , 这使人们共同希望生活在和平和自由的人们一起 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	随着中国 , 国民革命在战争中 , 中国帝国主义的行为并不完善 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我睡了14小时 , 我觉得我非常疲惫 , 晚上 , 我必须去饿 !
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一位领导州长和总统阿司匹尔 , 克莱的政治直觉获得了他 " 伟大的妥协者 " 的镍名字 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	妻子:我知道你想做什么 , 你是个愚蠢的女孩 , 但是我亲爱的 , 我可以帮助你这样的梦想来真的 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 语言的处理和写作的例子在ldo3中显然不平衡 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我从流水中抽出7列列车时 , 我总是试图解释报纸旁边的中国字符 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然最糟糕的价格下跌 , 但家庭价值预计在2010年内 , 如果未来的2010年都会显示小涨势 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果词汇证明有效 , 美国表达可以在viral营销活动中创建 " buz " 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	迪戈·马拉纳说 , 狮子梅西是 " 与耶稣玩笑 " , 但不能让人错误的选择 , 今天迪戈·马拉纳说 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您想要更改sammba服务器的名称 , 另外一个服务器的unix名称 , 使用netbios名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新型ipod纳米 , 开始149美元 , 另外一个fm接收器和pedometer , 除了建立视频摄像机 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	但是瑞典报纸已经建议 , 鸟儿在路上被一条路上运行的时候 , 当他们被一条路上运行 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何生理差异 , 研究人员从每个组中分化某些个人 , 以研究脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语的第一篇文章是从5世纪的使用中写的 , 第一篇文章 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共享的义务 , 确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案件和交付时间规则 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	参观者中心和博物馆提供了关于古代普通民族文化的信息和今天印度的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈是半andal总体的 , 它的无力参议员idle在大量的、贫穷的管理地产 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	中心静脉和周围动脉在cpb期间的总mk和mk水平显著升高 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 是一个非常特殊的乐趣 , 公开表达我的深刻的承诺和欣赏格里·佩尔曼 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有助的步骤包括帮助别人 , 使用幽默 , 学习被保留 , 实践问题解决和时间管理 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项计划误导了标志 , 因为它不可避免导致商业和消费者更高的能源成本 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	查看<washome>/var/server.xml用于目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	下次尝试你需要驱动你的汽车 , 用拇指和呼吸你的左鼻子 , 然后在你的右鼻子上呼吸 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	事故教他们两个课 , 他们说 , 没有什么事情是如何安全的船 , 最多的百万人错误可以犯罪 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	一个月前的报告是 , 第二季度增长率甚至比鲨鱼修正预测更慢 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要出现网络 , 企业应当作为客户价值的代理和集成者 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据中世纪传奇的杯子或板子 , 被耶稣在最后的供应商使用 , 后来成为许多物体 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我把他们送出一个长期的购物列表 , 设置电话在十分钟内 , 拖着彩楼 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 亲爱的家庭在今年 , 我们可以一起健康生活的幸福是好的 , 不对的 , 总是对的 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾利夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以开关短时间 , 使它消失 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实施独特的特点之一是俄罗斯生态群体在俄罗斯生态法中扮演着重要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、可靠性和距离理论 , 统计分析了该数据的数据 , 利用spss15.0和2003 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	歌手cecealdon正在支持美国超市标签的2000万美元的报告 , 声称她是怀孕的双胞胎 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他确信他的男人准备好了 , 麦克莱伦的计划是把他的军队放在波马克河的船上 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	对于电力分布 , 给出了一个特定的a/d转换器 , 实现电力、区域性能优良的贸易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 可以通过理论教学 , 结合音乐类教学实践 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这是因为爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更加热量 , 在两个金色中有线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些游泳者在现代化中考虑到安全 , 所以与你的健康保健服务提供者谈论在怀孕期间有多少非营养性的游泳员是可接受的 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:通过严格的非肿瘤合作 , 可以防止血原肿瘤传播和局部种子 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种双维伺服四色模式识别的计划 , 以及其边界处理技术 , 为什么 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hm的同时解耦和更新参数的联合源码解码方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个激活器 , 并对其在苯菲尔德过程中使用的uop激活器行动进行了评价 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	迄今为止 " 巴迪拉 " 计划在夏天被关注 , 有效干旱和产量不明显相关于污染规范 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三国 " 的浪漫 , 原来的销售草坪沙漠 , 但后来组织上述征服者 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	五方电子有限公司是以色列买家 , 需要购买电信等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	对于传统的方法来说 , 客户缺乏重视传统的方法 , 因此对产品所有者/经理的优先化控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当两件都被完成时 , 亚兰看见她惊讶的时候 , 她曾经被吃过 , 因为上帝的设计无限优越 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	由于海洋、湖泊和河流都有不同的粘土含量 , 导致土壤的强度不同 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部请求建立并提高儿童援助预防和控制系统阻碍的妇女援助 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业:美国和中国鼠标和卫生虫害防治协会的国家森林控制协会成员 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 湖南 " 和 " 南京黄 " 是克里山美学育种的潜在父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售商只卖了一双鞋子 , 这些鞋子也许有一个真正的笑容 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成果被列为以下:1 ) ) ) 自创脉冲脉冲模块为旧灰度控制 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	为建设完成技术文档提供了补充、修改和必要的解决 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	民主党法律师akihima说: " 唯一能统一党的能力 , 大幅增长了ozawa 。 "
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是30小时的数据 , 需要搜索脊柱参数和天空位置的搜索 , 但没有在石头上设置 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	无疑知道一系列温室效应可能带来一系列的结果 , 但所谓的利益很少 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	系统功能语言学和心理学术作为二十世纪两大影响语言学的理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	本周六在上海的欧洲国际商学院举行的一项会议上 , 兰尼斯在上周六在上海举行一项会议 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道那个虚拟从他身上走出来 , 把他转到新闻中 , 又说 , 谁触摸我的衣服 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴特拉·梅斯现在正在美国人面临 , " 巴基斯坦一般退休的巴基斯坦分析师说 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	进入营养的一个原则之一 , 不能使ngpang食品、prunes、raiss等价值 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里吉说: " 我们只需要强调饮用和驱动的人才能真正造成很多家庭的心脏 , 我们需要停止这种心脏 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马对记者讲话说 , 奥巴马说 , 他将把新能源发挥为外交和其他非电力的非电力 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的启发是关注战略石油储备的作用 , 增加勘探输入 , 大量化石油冲击 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它是由额外的侵入 , 转移到宫颈淋巴结或远端器官和组织病理性亚洲 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	弗拉尼亚是一个关键的时间间隔 , 在德国佛罗尼亚大众执行活动之前 , 弗拉尼亚的多样性变化是一个关键的时间 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了老师互动的概念 , 以及教师与学生互动的基本特点 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别活动常见于癌症、过敏、病毒感染、炎症和自身免疫疾病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	加菲尔德 , 路透lst国际社会会议、城市生态学和cerrogoordo镇论坛1990年 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我在这次旅行的领导人之后开始早餐 。 我们和所有的同伴们一起参加了照片 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是0和100之间的值 , 其中100指数显示了一个轻量负载服务器 , 0是重负载服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	通过直接计算每一代非良陶瓷合金的稳定性值 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单个结构的优点是单一的 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	混沌与裂缝之间的自然紧密连接是由于混沌动力系统的陌生吸引器的无限相似性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	另外 , 依然需要更长的评价 , 是否可以利用术后放射治疗的位置 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	卡斯特尔和冠金...伍德和遗产冲刷 , 一种 " 鸟类 " 的类型 , 比 " 海洋租赁项目 " 任何项目都要多 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司有进口贸易权 , 为国内外和相应产品提供船舶自动化系统的全面解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	同样的问题在于中央政府的传播部门的争论中看到了同样的问题 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将被保持 , 称为yuletide , 一个特殊的节日将与yule日志一起燃烧 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文首先在一个系列中 , 将采取更新的视图2.0 , 以及如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	湖人球迷的欢迎是湖人球迷的欢迎 , 他的两次冠军在周末结束了三排损失 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	至少 , 根据大多数美国人和英国人在语言应用babel调查中调查的一项新的调查 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会尝试透过这种前辈 , 使用xenophobia或者海军辩论来说 , 每个国家都应该在同一标准上举行 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果建立了8 , 000个自动测试案例生成600个失败 , 你真正能处理这个问题吗 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作者几乎不能指责权威的实体股份 , 但他们将有良好的任务 , 不会干扰其他男性的工作 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远 , 社会平等的声音在社会现实中引起的时候 , 系统可以和平等的倾斜 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	肯定人还注意到 , 中国已经为其亨利认知市场最大的市场 , 而且大陆市场每年都增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国最好的滑雪者为摄像机拍摄 , 大多数年轻人笑着笑笑笑 , 笑着笑着 , 眼睛跳舞 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	大企业规定了屋顶和国际竞争的时候 , 经过更多的阐明和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	随后世界银行和新闻机构不断通过尘埃经济预测 , 令人震惊 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	随着分割 , 很多用户启动的事件 , 例如当用户单击或双击标签显示空间内的显示空间中 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	因为廉价中国的货物更适合于大型零售商处理 , 他们倾向于超过这些低价的推广项目 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	因此 , 进入官方标准和标准 , 通过接受和票联合分开控制 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染药物在感染人员的存储中传递给不受感染的人 , 通过污染的食物或水来传播 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	杰:我们还没有详细查看其他平台 , 但是我们确保有更多平台、应用程序和网站脆弱的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度改革的缓慢性和证券市场稳定性的稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	它是新文明视图 , 核心正在寻求普通地面 , 而储备差异 , 和平共存在 , 代码开发 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学具有交换功能的特点 , 是在艺术结构的选择或形成主题的角度上交换功能的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文针对检查清单和流图的基础上建立了风险识别技术 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	连接面板的拉伸应采用不锈钢、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁、钢铁等 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计学教学中 , 给出了线性回归的参数估计方法 , 给出了线性回归的参数 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物收入过多的无辜死亡 , 受到仇恨 , 他们不认为后果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中国和外国佛教活动有限于点和线 , 缺乏大规模传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水的表面是健康的 , 第一个位置和下一个位置 , 空气的表面是不健康的 , 它来自缝纫 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波器提供了基于服务器的服务 , 这样您可以报告spam , 这样其他用户可以从您的电子邮件中获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿着音乐 , 因为我喜欢跑步 , 但很难让我信心 , 因为我只做了5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除了葡萄牙的葡萄牙 , 互联网并没有一个受欢迎的猎物地 , 外 , 大约有一半被调查的男性和女性选择找到网上的人 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了空间领域翻译句子的特点 , 从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译句子的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	成熟和粉末 , 一个红莓和巧克力的味道 , 完成了许多冰淇淋 , 令人难以努力 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧 , 似乎慢慢的进步 , 记住上帝永远不在匆忙 , 但他总是在时候 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 尤其是那些希望我们能够和他们一起回来的人 , 我们需要 " 公民 " 项目的人们 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	由于信徒丑闻 , 伯卢斯康尼还在向他参加他的党签署的corts指控 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅是苏菲见证了全面的礼貌 , 但她自己的祖父却是著名的...大师的王子 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	虽然霍尔战略聪明 , 约翰逊愿意把它当作旧版本的新版本 , 但有两个问题 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	没有提到互联网游戏 , 甚至我最艰难的朋友 , 他们正在抱怨并试图登录他们的msn 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	针对钢铁焊接、气压焊接、铝焊接等问题 , 提出了火焰正常处理方法 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚之前 , 另一个男人从他那里抓住了一只珠子 , 说: " 谁曾经看过一只蛇吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	在一个决定的哲学混合中 , 它在规划、理论、重组和准备方面做出了最好的地区 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们最终在无尽的支出和债务的无端循环 , 工作越来越多 , 终止生活充满了货物的空间 , 意义和幸福的空间 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , websphereace访问提供一个解决方案 , 通过访问离线portlet访问访问的偶尔连接的门户用户 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英文版本 , 可以引入一个报告条款 , 以及逻辑和语义标准的分类 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白博士看了800人在1970年代的记录 , 这些记录都有他们的iq测量了5岁和十岁的iq 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何成功的希望 , olpc识别它需要从目标模式出发 , 特别是xo机器的制造 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	您必须在编辑视图之前绑定一个视图 , 双击视图控制来选择现有视图或创建一个新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术在长期通信中广泛应用 , 但它的高系统成本很大限制了它的应用程序 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在基于内存的对象缓存中实现这个解决方案 , 通过在整个集群中分享某些服务器 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在一个线路拓扑中 , 一个段是连续电路 , 通常与重复器连接到其他部件 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	马丽夫·影森的一位高级姐姐之一 , 已经证明了她的竞争力 , 在他被试之前 , 伊丽丹已经证明了她的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	当奥巴马在2008年成为总统的候选人时 , 他承诺 " 采取 " 芝加纳 " 的交易和货币问题 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着扰动频率的增加 , 光谱区域数量的增加 , 其变化将有不同的分散政策 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你每次拿你的仪器或打开你的嘴巴 , 都是建立良好的习惯和沟通你的嘴巴 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标直接行动是生物学的基本特征 , 也是识别实体是否活着 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是在奥运会之前回到哪里 , " 维埃尔斯特斯特克说 , " 否则这将对商务计划有影响 。 "
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安质量和技术监管局为进一步促进食物的英语名字 , 为了进一步促进食物 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国委员会全球运动对气候变化和能源挑战面临世界城市的能源挑战 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	google的技术要求从商人中找到一点资产 , 但看起来很简单 , 安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架在短方向上应用 , 同时延长了建筑的稳定性 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	东方历史展览区的历史展览区主要是对象 , 阐述了中国铁路的荣耀进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这样的信息是你的健康的重要内容 , 与您的健康相关 , 请立即使用这种烹饪方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	但在工业化管理过程中 , 河岸种子生长产业的发展过程中 , 需要迅速解决问题 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响内燃机内燃机的性能、阀位和阀位的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被告知 , alt关键是错误的 , 如果压缩电脑会破坏 , 所有的实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	性能损失主要是由cutof插件引起的 , 圆形平方形插件和插件开放的基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	由于美国 , 美国的支持职业规定 , 美国对提高 " 出口民主 " 战略的努力 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周 , 美国的天主希望只有上个星期宣布他们最终会对死刑有严重的反对 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	莉莉安·拉弗尔:直接一部电影是一个非常过度的工作 , 我们都知道它 , 你只是说的 , 还是没有什么东西 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本文的对象是研究几种复杂变量的形态函数和形态映射的独特性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血液动力稳定 , 血液稳定 , 可保持糖尿素的观察和鉴别 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	凯凯对袋子和金属支持袋子出现在你身上 , 因为你想要你的配件 , 就像你那样有电力 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphereapplic服务器社区版本的插件吗 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种有机盐的催化活性 , 用isoamyl醇酯化法研究了六种有机盐的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的通过调查肾脏、增强脾脏、生血的方法 , 探讨贫血的疗效 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了一种基于普通不同方程的多体系统动力学的设计敏感性分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	cgi中的一个扫描器在多线程技术中实现 , 扫描速度很快 , 很容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的过度性质包括观众的位置 , 只能揭示自己作为一个隐喻对象 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	针对等价理论的观点 , 翻译品牌名称应该实现一个完美的语言语言语言 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流是stdout , 如果没有重新向一个文件或管道 , 那么选择的页面将出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探讨环境偏差、纵向和中壁缺陷的探索配置 , 同时也为厚度验证和合作监测 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有opel , gm的承诺在北美建立一个小型的汽车 , 而且更多的高效汽车将缺乏信心 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	应用于zibo市废水处理厂 , 处理市区废水 , 80%以上是工业废水 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同意红肉菜 , 蓝鱼和硬奶酪等等于沙漠 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这综合资源包括一个领导学术和实践者在领域领导的国际支持者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他喝了深水的蒸汽 , 学会把自己的精神从房子下流出来 , 学会从房子里流出来的精神 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 国家核政策的综述是自2001年以来第一次冷战结束以来第三次 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	这个活动中的个人不仅是科学上未知的 , 而且表现出绝对没有兴趣成为更好的信息 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自开发的光油改造催化剂在氢化生产中得到了良好的作用 , 完全替代了进口工具 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人在这里加入我两个希望你 , 塞俄罗马和凯基诺 , 最好的生活必须在你的婚姻中提供你 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几个客户机上 , 可以模拟成千上万的虚拟用户并发在各种场景中 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	振动液化床广泛应用于化学工业、冶金和食品工业干燥粒子 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们早期认识到这一趋势 , 我们可以重新记录我们的资源 , 以减少关键路径活动的重点 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在不断的意识状态中 , 和平思想和平、力量、信仰和精神的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的分析血管神经障碍的临床特点及诊断标准及手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数病例在明显的区域组装分布中 , 北方城市的案例占78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	家庭人庆祝他们的业务、农业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续产品升级 , 实现多纤维混合思想 , 棉花纺织企业增长纤维创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体来说 , 53%的法国人相信萨科齐是 " 好总统 " , 与5月份的41%相比 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源家表示 , 每年将为中国公司提供3000万吨的煤炭 , 在一年的3亿美元 , 开始从2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和提示部分对如何改变你的行为 , 学习新的技能和个性特征 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	基于数据结构的数据结构 , 根据cin传递到cin , 这个函数不设置阵列尺寸字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	亚马逊网络服务 , 租用巨型数据中心的大型数据中心 , 还获得了一个值得廉价的声誉 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	程序版本显然提供了比自由版本更多的功能 , 弗罗斯蒂威尔宣称是limewire的自由版本 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kdcup9数据集 , 评价了该方法的最佳性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯汀是爱耶稣的人之一 , 生活在他身上 , 突然死亡了我们 , 数百万的问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	这足够让我们感觉很好 , 经过外包的工作和耐心 , 婚姻机构已经出口了 , 即使我们的爱生活 , 日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	还有去年 , 金融时报收购了金融媒体 , 网络提供商 , 负责订阅费用的基金经理 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	早些时候 , 你可能开始醒来 , 让你的新计划或者计划一个新的博物馆展览 , 您已经希望捕捉到 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	明亮qcrane先生 , 你真的想嫁给詹妮弗 ? 克莱恩人民回答詹尼弗将是我们的泰国江集团的救生 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	谢希望与胡锦涛总统胡锦涛、温家宝等高级官员在五周五访问期间参观 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	ym:当我年轻时 , 我看见了很多海姆奥拉杰逊玩耍 , 当然迈克尔·约旦 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是一种基于思想形式的叶子 , 集成了基于思想形式的统一思想形式 , 与光的语言相关的联 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美食用水果和蔬菜作物经常不能达到超市 , 因为它们的大小或物理出现 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	项目将利用该项目 , 由模块、海洋购买的能源海洋电力技术 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课的合作学习理论可以改变传统的教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 邮票在1980年发布 , 特别幸运的 " 格林猴 " 年仅发生了60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是两维 , 那么您经常想要 " 未包 " 的内容就像迭代的那样 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证脸部的安全和快速的支持 , 而且大部分减少脸部的消除成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 通过经验的外科医生 , 完成高卷医院的程序 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场者和消费者都意识到发生什么时候 , 都满足了最终结果 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从互联网的早期使用时代 , 网络空间是新的边缘 , 主体没有法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但是这种感觉并没有满足两个圣女 , 马达米·科尔丁 , 马奎斯·德布斯 , 以及《圣诞节》 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国同时也是一个成员 , 使许多基本法律更加独立 , 行政法律和当地法律等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 全部披露:我不会称为基于位置的社交网络服务的重用户 , 我没有市长 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovafb2的涂料抗原和fb2的竞争抗原 , 研制了一种冰激素b2的b2 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以学习你的第一个单词 , " leker " [le'ka] , adj.意味着 " 好/nice " 的东西从食物到女孩的任何东西 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他是欧洲迁徙项目的最好的 , 因为他收到了签证d'or和护理奖 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有较好的水质特点 , 在高阿尔加拉登和良好的处理效率 , 成本低 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌的四个患者在18fdg合成图像上有负面的发现 , 但显示出正面血清标志 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软触摸织物 , 强大的压缩设计和思想的细节 , 每天都要穿的风格形状 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	而且 , 你需要跟随时间的正式服装代码 , 没有犹太人 , 轻柔 , 穿着夹克和胫骨 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助您的工作前景 , 因为您可以获得一个副工作 , 如果您需要一个或开发更多的业务 , 还有更好的费用 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	加入中国男教育人员缺乏雄性教育人员和书籍有着强烈的论述:中国男孩在孕妇环境中发展 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法适用于几种简单的模拟分子 , 以及苯胺和艾滋病毒1蛋白酶之间的锁定 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	五名经理还说 , 晚上有一名经理在夜间醒来 , 意味着他们更有可能使错误 , 莫里的调查显示1 , 006人 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么今天早上 , 医生告诉我 , 你的机会很快就让我们看到他说的机会是十个 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每次调用它自己的活动记录 , 因此每次它称为变量 , 因此 , 每次调用它们的存储空间在那个活动记录中得到自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	6月13日 , 捐赠者承诺超过4亿美元支持加维的工作 , 超过任何人最大的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	经营商人范纳奇利用他的酒精创造成功的葡萄酒图书馆 , 每天的视频博客展示了酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周 , 一位名叫加利的男子 , 卡尔维先生的奶酪 , 来了 , 转过来 , 把水转变成红色的内部 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是我们需要空间火箭使用科学系列星trek来帮助我们达到可持续的星球 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	" 如果你有坏信用卡比以前更难得到信用卡更难 , " odysseaspadiulu说 , " 但是他们仍然可以用 。 "
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与睾丸酮受体深处于我的假设amus , 我喜欢与dpamine一起洪水我的原始蜥蜴脑 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	接下来 , 您需要一个pojo , 将它转换成ejb , 您可以给openejb团队提供一点感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因的蔬菜家 , 一些常见的动机包括环境、动物权利和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国煤矿一年一直杀死2 , 003万名工人 , 煤气在那里 , 其他地方杀死了多少 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	大多数内存研究重点集中在于您期望的时候 , 记住事物的一边 , 以及如何准确等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如路透消失小说一样 , 我们可能试图把注意力转移到某个新人 , 再次尝试浪漫爱的故事 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 常见设置alias , 扩展到 " l' , 对于一个目录或列表文件的长期清单 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战是在提供普通访问的单伞下获得这个不规定的和组织系统 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放后已收到许多关注 , 增加了柴油发动机排放标准 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在此基础上 , 脂肪神经网络在高磁化方面 , 一些脂肪细胞之间被视为神经脂肪组织细胞之间 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤降解的主要类型较差 , 营养差 , 微生物差 , 坏结构坏 , 基础和重药 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术56例手术中椎间盘上挂的病理观察进行分析 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	周六 , 美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿星期六称北方的宣言和声明 " 深刻遗憾 。 "
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店支付债务卡 , 你可以从你的账户中拿出额外的费用 , 这通常叫做 " 现金回馈 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	皮格森斯·斯卡特作为一个男人在kathmandu附近的寺庙附近的祈祷者走回家 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	然而 , 塞多夫进入了马丁斯的一个晚期挑战 , 虽然罗斯尼里继续看到更危险的一面来临 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中的适合线是一个3rd程度的多项性 , 但任何类似的光滑都会告诉你 , 有大量的上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一家公司希望在下跌利率上放置一个啤酒 , 那么它可以简单地拥有它的市场制造单元建立它的债券库存 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大型战略 " 角度 , 论述了福州港的价值 , 很大程度上和必要性 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	您承认 , 同意您可以享受成员支付年费用的成员费用和相关设施费用的年费用 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据工业分析师马什尔·科恩说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋实际上是购买篮球 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国东anglia大学的气候政策专家mikehulme表示 , 英国的社会效应也不可预料 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	长江桥是上海地区最长、最高、最高的石桥 , 其中五个开放都在上海和上海地区 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行程度的差异之外 , 定义的不平等也是限制财政复制者一个大手册 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	金融监管的新过度没有什么地址公司 , 尽管他们发挥了一个中央作用 , 即使是在通胀房屋泡沫的中央作用 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯·苏雷斯在上个月在安菲尔德的11幅画中 , 上个月在安菲尔德的安菲尔德的11幅画中被查看 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	有些路径让我们走向公园 , 横跨了洛杉矶河上面的高桥 , 上面是洛杉矶河的滚动水 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	2004年9月 , 曼联人失踪欧元2004年9月失踪了测试 , 而且这是一个与球员相比的episode 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 研究了硫酸盐和阿司匹林进入表的溶解性的改善 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了moca/e比和填充剂对pu弹性的物理性能和热气年龄的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , rc柱轴向压缩比的限制值通常比rc柱的高于rc柱的有限值 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织对反馈和缺陷产品和其他非法活动的一般行政指导战争 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 叶夫人关系不能辨别通道模式 , 当草地和沙滩河时 , 叶夫人关系都考虑到 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	通用设备的普通设备 , 很容易设计 , 包括雪鞋和计算机或类型密钥板 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从当前的情况下 , 欧洲民政党的发展可能会再次突破破破破破裂 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	该方法采用马铃肝组织作为原料制备马铃薯粉干燥剂 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	一种透明的导电剂 , 由于薄膜子电池的顶层生成了一种透明的反电层 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业家都是关于特殊市场或技术的激情 , 把销售帽子放在不自然的情况下 , 这是好的 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接当地能源的生产发展 , 供应和需求平衡 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	知识和实践关于上海市孕妇女、家庭主妇和上海孕妇的碘缺陷障碍 ;
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法74例ct扫描证实的mbienscistna变化 , 分析了ct扫描的变化 , 研究其与预后相关性 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	进入${userinstallroot}\etc\wsecurity\sample\ender.jceks在密钥存储路径领域 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的评价全体骨科学的应用价值 , 探讨喉癌细胞组织组织学的诊断和标准 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	前往会议后 , 一个奥巴斯仪式在那里 , 10名成员队队队队队队长vow以确保安全 , 他改变了他的工作总体 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	奥利拉说 , 微软并没有作为诺基亚的唯一选择 , 并且注意到许多公司在与完成手机制造商合作的兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家 , 是星系周围的核环 , 只有在中央栏外的环境 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了菠萝酸提取剂的评价方法 , 建立了提取剂总碱的评价方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国银行破产法官允许雷曼将现金投入两家银行 , 以避免监管人员的封闭 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法采用热解试验 , 观察了两种不同浓度的cinobuf肽注射液中两种不同浓度的镇痛效果 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文的总结 , 语言的整体特征已经对林庄作了简要的概括 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	przwalwalski的马 , 一旦浪漫了蒙古族的步骤 , 被认为在野生里变得太分散 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系的转型需要美国和韩国维护 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长长廊拆卸了 , 这些 " 被短的角落一样 , 就像有些谋杀的虫害一样 , 它们就被短的角落掉了 。 "
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑您的网上专辑 , 等于每个乘客在公共运动上留下的家庭专辑 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场如此挥发 , 公司 " 震惊 " 的长期日志通过衰退 , 还有几个指示出来的东西 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果您正在跟随下面 , 计划在这个点上采取突破 , 请在您现在有两个工作 , 在文件系统中创建更大的文件文件系统 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们在非白人群中看到了更多的权威主义 , 我认为当局家庭的百分比在亚洲人中最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月亮远离地球 , 即使大树在山上增长 , 我们就不能看到他们最强大的望远镜 , 还发明了 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	机场风格的乘客和袋检查了主要城市的城市停车 , 因为它会带来普通生活到一般生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	几天后 , 他们仍然与军队触摸 , 幸运地 , 他们杀死了鹿 , 难以依赖venison , 花了几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 对于四大银行 , 好银行/坏银行交易应该管理 ; 工业只有四个工作 , 才能稳定 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时 , 我仍然希望一张关键板 , 所以当我看到了710的时候 , 我知道它是完美的适合 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果这本工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 必须是上帝的一般知识 , 却导致男人经常想到他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	汞与任何人癌、白血病、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间没有其他文档联系 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国最近公开支持伊朗的制裁 , 并且对北韩的核活动更少限制 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	该游戏开放了五千万美元在一个不名的战争中东国家的gig , 交换10亿美元的费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	八月底 , 乔伊·德弗里斯科充满了许多残酷的工人幻想:他在一个不可避免的时尚中辞职 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	根据周围和企业策略 , 提出了基于价值链的区别优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	给出了处理请求和前面的能力 , 只有使用j2ee1.4 , j2ee版本的老版本需要不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利主义brigittebardot向德国部长发表写道 , 她不要给奥巴嫩带来压力 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦西亚全球更多和塞维利亚中场马塞卡都在拉齐奥总统克莱迪奥·洛蒂对夏季市场的购物名单 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在两级金融控制涉及大学和学校在实验室管理和长期发展中存在矛盾 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	结果表明 , 该样本更有效地提取信息注意力 , 显示eg生物反馈系统中的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科尔声称 , 穆里尼奥没有解释他的球员们对未来可能持有什么影响 , 而不要集中在手中赢得比赛的事情 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	对金坦岩盐的机械方面进行了系统实验研究和理论分析 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例发生鼻腔感染 , 出现14.3% , 呼吸感染占48% , 尿24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	除了德国的趋势 , 年轻人实际上失业率下降 , 至10.3% , 两年期间 , 失业率下降到10.3% 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	传统观点不同于传统观点 , 句子意义是它的真理条件 , 因此 , 实现了一种分析意义的新观点 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论对大鼠肝炎大鼠hpa轴的血疗法具有监管作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗马国务卿冰罗指出 , " 虽然物理学家经常知道他们的病人会死亡给予疾病 , 但他们从来没有告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然站在那里 , 命令他叫他 , 叫他叫 " 盲人 " , 向他说 , 是好舒服的 , 他清理那个 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	wafer的大小说 , led质量比小芯片大小 , 价格比异构大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国艾滋病传播模式在感染比传播中具有显著的改变 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	实际研究表明 , 美学专家通过实际研究表明 , 婴儿油与糖的结合提供了一种最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他被指控陈的电脑在精英多媒体有限的地方修复了照片 , 在那里 , ze是一个员工 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些人 , 林肯的演讲和写作已经被偷走在整个棉花上面的火焰手册 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多这些在大坝地址上设置了大多数的原始地区文化 , 比如他们的方言和传统食物 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中 , 可以收集如何反射总是寻找固定的和永久的东西 , 尽管本身是如何执行特定的 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔给婚礼带来了凯利 , 因此她会慢慢地慢地和她也许没有太多震惊 , 吸收父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	低频钢36z疲劳的焊接成长率可分别分别为35和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统很容易建立和简单的使用 , 具有比传统的msps更高的光谱分辨率 , 没有增加收购时间 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 重复pv在同一椎体水平下有效地恢复pv患者并没有疼痛救济谁在前前前的pv下进行疼痛救济 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	与软银行的合作是一个好开始:公司拥有2200万的订阅者 , 其用户基地在过去几年里已经有很好的增长 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不敢打电话自己的改革开放 , 但毕竟 , 我们是第一名普通人打开一家餐馆 , " 郭说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	拜纳姆错过去赛季最后46场比赛 , 左膝损伤 , 他平均为14.0分 , 8.2反弹 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了相关扩大土壤的性能及设计方法的柔性链接系统 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	采用性选择性吸收指标 , 指出性吸收对性吸收率提高性率的影响 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女人将有更多推荐英雄的母亲 , " 一位联邦主义联邦主义说 , " amazon类似于英雄自己 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	这些日子忙碌 , 通过 " 水域 " 实际上 , 没有发现 。 今天 , 去图书馆 , 图书馆几小时前 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了解决这些条件 , 我们必须根据我国特殊环境的规定机制重新分配公司的规则机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	吉妈找到了一张石桌 , 许多单词被毁坏了 , 显然不想让别人知道这座墓里更多信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队通信提供了一个蓝印 , 不仅对于会议业务目标而言 , 而且也为实现有效的工程提供了必要的通信 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路伯丁鉴别它使用的形状 , 但认为任何混乱类似的形状会影响贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	所以你可以去多个论坛 , 学习上面的一些信息 , 包括哪个网络平台更可靠的论坛 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	分配 。 您可能不会分配 , 子认或否则在此协议下传递任何权利或义务 , 通过执行法或其他权利 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物拥有丰富的中国 , 藏族马斯菲夫是希望扩大他们的财富超越股票和房地产的时刻 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应当为所有提供 , 大学培训应该是我们普通国家的单一课或比赛 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点讨论了原始日常中心工作人员自身性 , 探讨社会结构上下文的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为1918年以来 , 观察者没有使用 , 但实际上没有什么 , 瘦肉是季节和吸烟完美的 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	大米赞助阿富汗总部abduljabarabit作为阿富汗政府最大的雇主之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他拿着汤姆橡皮的影子 , 她看见一只山羊的眼睛是明亮的坟墓 ; 矩形的小狗 , 晚上散发在鸭子里 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	根据cgyo的分析 , 通过gyo对新媒体的幻想文学创造影响 , 阐述了新的视觉 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 经典装饰、完美展 " 的质量产品 , 永虹重新定义了生命 , 完全展示每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行正在加强中央银行 , 以保障措施 , 直到全球市场转型补贴 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个nps也显示了巨大的基因代谢互动 , 但是它们的影响在男性或女性中不显著 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	虽然第二年 , 俱乐部只是成功的 , 部分由于能源和热情的协调员苏珊·米歇尔的协调者和热情 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	杰8g.德鲁在法兰克福举行的债务 , 增加投资者信心 , 可能在全球信贷危机之后返回 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd中 , 数据被注册到某些组中 , 所有组都是根据计算机节点的请求 , 然后根据计算机节点的要求 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	两个不同的法国彼得海岸 , 一个小两人死亡的海岸 , 是杰克斯塔乌海洋航空公司的一部分 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	城市错误的一边 , 但仍然穿着新衣服 , 穿着美丽的鞋子 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	现在投资者要求银行像莱曼和华盛顿相互提高资本 , 或者卖他们的资产来提高现金并证明他们的解决方案 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在2000年在民主党议会上发表了国家公约 ; 在民主党议会上 , 他是党副总裁提名人 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	通过bp油喷雾的砂污染 , 团队在一次试验中可以从砂中分离水碳 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	另外 , 基础基地可能是危险的条件 , 如沙桩和上层变形 , 因为在上述土壤上没有载的土壤 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生给一个程序发送一个朋友列表 , 一个短篇文本消息 , 每15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	用您的窗户手机的运动传感器 , 战斗空间海盗和您的可升级武器 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	该方法可以为其快速、简单、确定精度的铝粉末含量的测定提供一种新的途径 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	当它关闭它的目标时 , ekv集成数据从xwith上传感器和锁定到敌人导弹上 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利hdle增加了成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 但发明的利益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	由于主人是电影制作商 , 他的客户是电影明星 , 歌手和庆祝他晚晚晚晚的供应商区 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	玉米 , 脉冲器 , 心脏器 , 腰衣和类似的文章 , 包括丝绸或丝绸废料 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	绑定:任何对原子的交互 , 包括分子、离子、金属、金属等稳定物种的交互 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另一个是lobllypine.wndbreaks不仅保护土地和农作物可以从风中降低 , 用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个充满背景 , 约翰·弗拉纳根和杰克·罗宾逊昨天是最好的 , 反对沃尔科特和萨米尔·纳西里 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	以下因素如糖尿病、瑞细胞、抗肿瘤水平等因素 , 证明了其独立性 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	审美追求有关各种各样的新闻作品 , 作者编辑的过程也是审美追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西省南宁区南京地区的南京地区六县和城市 , 位于广西省西南部 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	它的特点是:严重的条件 , 快速变化 , 更容易诊断 , 困难管理 , 更加复杂 , 死亡率更高 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 位于东尼亚总理安德鲁斯·安普在访问中国外交部李赵兴的办公室 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹被委员会执行全面和平协议 , 坚持南苏丹南部的建议 , 在自由和公平的途径 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种交通车辆悬浮系统的组成部分 , 特别是向一个拖车钢套的悬浮装置 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使小山作为我们国家制造基地 , 我们需要做以下:人 , 确定发展和创新的命令高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	最近 , 改善荧光化学 , 使其在没有引起医疗并发症的应用高浓度 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	高敏性的家庭历史和个人历史有可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及使用新型有限色谱介质的新方法 , 净化和生产cobra神经毒素 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitel光干涉仪增加了光谱测量范围 , 其测量精度达到纳米水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省劳动保证大厅地板行走员张迪奥 , 为了实现中间、办公室生长jiaoxuebai , 使其成为重要演讲的重要演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	采用广泛的各种各样的武器 , 包括机枪 , 巴萨斯 , 斯科斯 , 斯托克斯 , 斯纳·里弗尔斯和火焰喷射器 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文对含有多羧酸类型的水溶性硫黑染色的染色和完成性进行了研究 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	给出了一种具有厚壁层的光学铝氧化铝膜的制备方法 , 属于材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	选择序列和并行执行之间的理想阈值是协调并行任务的成本 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区微观特征存在显著差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面对问题是人体的喷雾问题的反映 , 只有内外处理才能帮助解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是目前市场需求的早期肾病损伤的诊断和临床价值的最佳方法 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	雷霍姆再次获得 " 2004年最佳生产商 " 和 " 2006年由黄金梅洛迪奖委员会 " 最佳男性职业主义 " 奖 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个电子商务店前面应用程序 , 社区网站 , 一个门户站点 , 示例报告 , 以及项目时间追踪应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度多文本在第二个星期的平均14至21个新节目中添加的印度多文本 , 与150个附加节目相比 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和持有者 , 礼品 , 陶瓷品 , 叶片 , 糖果罐 , 杯子 , 蜡烛 , 蜡烛 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他打开鼓 , 演讲者 , 把牛排起来 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 用好的测量后他自己 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	李维特说 , " 不要跟你的老板一样 , 虽然他是个人负责进一步的职业生涯 。
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	阿蒂拉 , 大部分西欧大部分的猎王亚蒂拉 , 死亡了一个死亡 , 这个死亡不太可能从这样的战争中预计出来 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	有一个视频共享能力 , 您可以看到视频 " 二维 " 其他人 , 虽然你的互动有限于视频旁边的聊天室 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	它提高了xerosis的一些主观症状 , 临床xerosis的临床xeric严重范围和dermosic表现 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	很快就开始上升 , 当感觉逐渐与关闭压板连接到一半时 , 开始慢慢下降 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底部改革不能抵抗 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免面对 , 这样传播就像一个不可避免的平原 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	阿米斯花了电影的剩余部分来获得他的收入 , 让他逃跑 , 把他的小女儿从她的新朋友回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则分配的值是应该预先在测试1中的测试中被分配到机器中的测试 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几周后 , 我们得到了几个星期后 , 克里人希望我在公约上讲话 , 虽然它还没有清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果也可用于解决中国西北旱地区的同样盐问题和地球遗产问题的参考 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	一种晶体化合物 , c6h12n3ps , 一种含有tepa的硫化物 , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	本文叙述了热计的基本原理 , 提出了一种制造热耦热计的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥在印度中海岸 , 18公里东 , 位于意大利边境附近 , 法国附近的三侧 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有一篇文本将改变世界 , 但把这些条约制成阿尔哈达的招聘池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周中午 , 富有的爸爸停下来 , 我们听到他的卡车停在停车场上 , 当发动机被转了 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	该增加电压主要是电力线频率 , 其对电压计读取能力的影响将依赖于正常模式拒绝能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南白华贸易有限公司主要在葡萄酒、进口葡萄酒、香烟、香烟等领域 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	试图在任何床面上反映出的食物 , 以便获得 " 双财富 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当骆驼完成饮料时 , 男人拿出了一条金鼻环 , 两只黄金手镯体重十公斤 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆教师为例 , 通过问卷调查他们的工作负担和影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类可能像清单1中的同步计数器示例一样 , 但相似性只是超级 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另一个风险是 , 个人和商业账户将会混合 , 因为他们与沙门克尔这样做 , 他们现在正在支持他们的银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能带领一个安定的爱情者使用很长的鱼杆来捕鱼 , 而且还可以减少或减少鱼钩 , 方便地扔掉鱼钩 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 采用机械喷雾喷雾喷雾喷雾喷雾喷雾器 , 具有较差的性能 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这导致了该服务生成的模式定义和soap消息 , 并遵循wsi基本文件 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建您最喜欢的收集 , 经常使用snippet , 确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们提供一个小时的更新 , 以保持我们的用户信息的情况 , 直到今天在4pmpdt之前解决 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 膝盖外科医生仍然是一个挑战的问题 , 重建伤害或被切除的金属质量的功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些在政治权利拒绝纽约时报报的任何东西 , 无法相信福克斯新闻提供的任何东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管卡普的爱与中国的关系 , 他的中国粉丝相信他能使美国成为美国人 , 甚至世界又伟大 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	同样 , 中国当地政府计划改善基础设备制造商的重设备制造商 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当谷物是地面 , 或叶子被烹饪时 , 它们变得更容易消化 , 允许更多营养的营养被身体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找一个机会 , 让他的队友紧接在一个大城市学校的艰难足球赛中 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上个星期 , 一些主要银行包括ubs减少了2012年的增长预测 , 大部分由于出口将面临的问题 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热负荷集中在分割时间内 , 可能导致一个变形形形的外循环 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依据系统中多元文档滤波器 , 可能需要添加一个查询 , 请求文档是否是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数5000个应用程序都写在安德罗id表上运行的手机上应该运行一些时尚表 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 深刻地分析各作者的不同时期的作品 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室用黄自行车锁定 , 可以看到在仓库中被看到的纤维价格玩具盒 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	考虑生理信息融合的多维性和非线性特征 , 利用svm建立医学模型 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	1934年6月16日伦敦wightman杯后 , 美国网球运动员亨利·杰布斯和威尔曼杯在维伯伦敦打败英国 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党的巴基斯坦人民党 , 布赫特托的党说 , 一项联合国调查了她死亡的唯一途径是达到真理的唯一途径 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场干涉的产业机构模式 , 工业集群已经促进 , 促进经济发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸还呼吁维多利亚 , 允许在任何决定结婚之前 , 每天与她的男朋友一起进行日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 虽然这些成功仍然非常关注 , 但其后面的原因仍然很高 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将有丰富的增长 , " cinic在报告发布中说 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个哈勃的空间望远镜显示 " 猫的眼睛内布拉 " 是世界上最复杂的 " 星云 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管道系统 , 玻璃加强热塑料组件 , 测试方法 , 证明螺栓式联合设计 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪士尼执行官迪士尼说 , 如果中国成功的努力 , 他们可能会在世界其他国家的英语学校外滚出英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	在我们世界上存在的许多美丽的地方 , 我们失去选择 , 唯一决定去访问的唯一途径就是跟随心 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非其他城市区的居民 , 苏韦托 , 或其他的城市区 , 可能在富裕国家的外国人口同样 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位guuguyimithirr发言人被电影告诉他的朋友们如何在他的青年里 , 他在鲨鱼感染水中捕捉到的故事 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	有限的数据表明 , ms0和tsr在平均值平均值上均为1:0.93 , ms0的值大于tsr 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	开始这种光灯的性游戏 , 吸烟现在已经得到了全部黑暗和兴趣 , 更有创造性的男人 , 更有创造性 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqae和qam决定是否需要额外的行动 , 以确保计划审计作为规划审计 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	它还可以保护由ct的二级负荷变化而造成的磁阻力总线保护 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 在稳态铸造过程中 , 紫外板的清洁度适应两种生产技术的清洁度大约一致 ;
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可交付的是一种可测量的、验证的产品 , 如规范、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联邦军方承诺不再战斗 , 返回这项承诺 , 他们发布在巴罗里 , 送回家 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	尸体的背端移动 , 直到每个部位到达头部 , 推动它 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有灰色的摩西卡斯 , 描述了多斯托夫斯基故事的场景 , 特别是黑暗和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可阻挡的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中将会有益 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过强制他们审查他的离婚 , 诺佐先生可能有助于最后一次改革:更多透明度和账户能力 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 , 我们有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特·皮尔斯 , 丹尼斯·伯格坎普 , 詹姆·莱曼 , 现在又一次 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们彼此激动 , 斯托德博士在汤普森的耳朵里沉浸 , " 谢谢汤普森先生相信我 。 "
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	过度调整 , 压力 , 或者担心孩子经常开始睡眠 , 睡眠剥削严重的后果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 他买了一家印度的农场社区 , 吸引了农民 , 阿斯兰人和智慧人 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过对提高和管理的结合 , 庆祝摄影师安妮·莱伯维茨发现自己在债务中获得了24亿美元 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈文海先生需要一个统一的思想 , 保证各种工作的完整填充 , 成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	最近 , 发现早期人类仍然存在于中国和西班牙 , 已经怀疑非洲理论 , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他在寺庙里写了一个 " 小孩 " , 描述了他的生命和研究 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	在一代审判过程中 , 给定审判的报告取得了很多法律的整体体体 , 并从目前的角度重新启示它 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但是他决定挑选笔 , 成长 , 继续写作 , 每句话 , 他需要支付普通人不能想象硬工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	" 进口税率 " 个人收入率的乘客和个人邮政园 " 是该规定的一部分和公园 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 城市和某些视觉私人开发人员开始尝试改变 , 改造商业空间进入左公寓 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主人家人知道时间/平洋/地产/反对方在前途中清楚 , 当你想去旅行或停止时 , 就会得到同意 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	路透 , 苏联前苏联建筑有很多平坦的建筑 , 其中有公共厕所 , 浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	第二 , 有一些糖尿病患者可能从艾滋病中获益 , 第三 , 艾滋病患者可能希望保持药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	王后来承认faing数据使得这篇文章更好但声称 , 一个同事使他想到细胞线是真正的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	它还保证您的应用程序后端运行通常的特权 , 因此您不需要让关键文件世界编写 , 这是一个庞大的插件 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	据纽约时报道 , 凤凰太阳首席执行官和总统rickwelts , 一位长期的nba执行官 , 告诉纽约时报 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	由参与者收集相关俱乐部的运行基金 , 权威提供了地方和体育设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	由李德斯特-哈卡尔大学的法律溃疡大学简化报告 , 实际上 , 速度从法律溃疡中恢复 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王布鲁的死亡意味着伊丽莎白二世成为世界上最长的主权猴子 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四四十四条建设企业的资格化 , 应当申请这样的资格规定 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	结合大地区精神蛋白质培养 , 成功预测精神培养前景 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 闻起香味的香味 , 进入竹心的深度 , 优雅 , 精炼 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	文章分析了kelimia转换器催化剂的毒性原因 , 提出了防止毒催化剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	采用硅酸盐法对六种量子特性的遗传效应进行了实验 , 研究了六种不同量子特性的遗传效果 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看见纯粹的时候 , 却发现上帝只有我在债务中只有我 , 是2个人 , 同时也没有看见福尼奥的图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种好办法 , 包括swot分析 , 评估你的市场 , 开发你的组织身份 , 或者简单预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	游览到桂林维拉酒店 , 同时也在广州 , 你会看到三个别人在看海鲜餐馆的右边 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一套自动增强机械装置 , 一种自动调控可移动 , 一个后流缓冲阀和升压阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文提出了利用简单的缓存不平等的简单形式来找到多变函数的条件极端 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择147家私营企业作为样本 , 分析了21个内在影响因素分析 , 得到7个共同因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了乙醇连续生产连续酵母的催化酵母和聚乙烯醇的催化行为 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	因此 , 各种不良后果 , 包括性能差 , 系统背景大 , 可管理性 , 且增加失败的奇迹 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种利用反馈多类神经网络的实时语音质量评价的新方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待等待的过程中 , 9个城市必须预测一个人幸运的预测 , 这是一个成功的球员和收入的过程 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血浆内皮素变化与肾氧化和血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	会议之后 , 戴和金正在看戏剧的辩论 , " 红墓梦 " 的梦想 , 随着dprk的人生走过所有的步伐 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同缝合缝合固定的强度 , 评价适当的缝合缝合缝合数的评价 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	在设计拱管道设计时 , 计算拱管的负载情况 , 主要讨论了跨工程中拱管的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁共振胆管造影的诊断价值和恶性胆管障碍的诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为这大部分是因为男性有厚皮肤 , 这种皮肤隐藏了造成细胞的脂肪细胞的出现 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我将谈论谁会从课程中获益 , 以及一个关于详细的课程的一些问题 , 我们将在这个学期的课程中覆盖 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸速度快 ? 你的脉冲比赛吗 ? 你的手模糊吗 ? 这些感觉阻止了几年的活动 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	霍格胆汁乳腺病毒细胞疫苗生产过程中 , 疫苗的病毒并没有获得标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	通过活性氯化合物的有机酸 , 介绍了氯化合物的活性氯原子 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我公司产品很好 , 产品销售在世界 , 比如:东方 , 我们在世界上有很多成本 , 日本 , 韩国 , 拥有大量的成本 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是植物生态环境中的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和沙漠化 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这个名字在解释他们的动机市长所认识的媒体报告上 , 城市西威利的刑事事事件报告称 , 他正在写报告平衡 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了中性硅密封剂的制造原理、性能、影响因素及使用中性硅密封剂的使用 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五间卧室 , 一个现代的家庭超过1500米的平方和完成的退休家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个自由和紧迫的问题 , 关于人是如何中年人 , 他不想浪费时间 , 你知道他应该如何实行 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语学习成为审美学的主体 , 对于内在吸引力、吸引力和社会价值来说 , 成为审美价值的主体 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存的简单实现是可扩展的 , 允许您在行列表示的一组记录集中滚动后向和前进 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 作为我们本周的特殊报告显示 , 德国的成就 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 告诉一个更不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	向api提出了一个http请求的htp请求形式 , 建立服务进入点url , 包括xml数据的详细信息 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持初级和二级学校 , 除了英语和马来文化的主题外 , 外 , 马来西亚仍然是中国的教育 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件 , xls传递表 , 或者动态web页面 , 实际上没有打开一个想法并编写任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 性选择性吸收的强度随着不同民主特征的增加 , 随着不同民主特征的增加而增加 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育的核心是培训获得创造力的学生 , 关键在于教师指导和学生的参与 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾范佩斯的新合同在阿森纳温格的代理上 , 但他不希望这个问题成为一个月来的媒体观念 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个</p><p>儿子主机威胁陈玉 , 陈玉最终没有让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我在计划到陌生人看的时候做家工作 , 我知道这是很难利用摄像机建立好的基础救援图片 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	在灌溉过程中 , 瓶颈炎和甲状腺炎会导致叶子和失去年轻生长的转变 , 通常在地面或喷雾过程中 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普遍条件包括人类的思想质量和道德质量 , 科学上的文化 , 劳动技能 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟表达了这一点 , 中央已经进入计划长期 , 面对广告的最关键问题是广告承认度 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以向我们返回 , 作为不可交付或未知的订单 。 但是 , 客户将按照每公园的货物费用 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	价格不应该采取或接受 , 除非mofcom已经取得初步确认 , 否则由于这种污染引起的污染和伤害引起的污染 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果紫色糖钾由氰胺、三苯胺、马尔维素、苯甲酸酯组成 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	要了解不同类型的吸烟木 , 为了制造芭比克砖 , 学习更多关于bq格栅和火坑在这个自由烹饪视频的bq烹饪视频 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳能替代位置、地理长期、纬度、替代位置、云覆盖、大气透明度 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴刚曾经说 , 碗形能帮助观众集中在容器底部 , 集成了人们和整体结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比西方的玻璃海洋 , 在美国南部最南部的顶尖 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统巴拉克奥巴马在这几天的时间和公众出现了改革国家健康保健体系的一个问题 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	测定了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和灰的成分 , 分析铁酸和泡沫营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我阅读这个消息时 , 我是一个完全震惊的时候 , 然后我想回来他昨天晚上 , 他看起来就像昨天那样有一些表现 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为一个城市 , 资源城市的特点 , 在建设整个工业和国家经济体系的建设中 , 已经有很大的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了当地硫回收过程的基本原理、过程流程、技术特点和工程实例 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果您已经使用铁路行为验证 , 那么您知道一个logedin用户将与会话内设置相关的值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	dnstein解释的神经活动甚至在睡眠和典型大脑中 , 通常与某些模式相关 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一个可移除的观测塔 , 可以用来直接导火箭和火箭的火箭 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种各样的设施 , 如污水处理厂 , 鼓励科学家工作更多 , 降低水污染的方法 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	虽然他们冒险的是说话 , 中国在网络上发表的声音建议在这里公众意见已经准备了一些更多的复杂的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	纽兰航空公司在巴黎街州高雅的酒店里看着他的酒店窗口 , 感觉到他与青少年混乱和渴望 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	本:是的 , 很多人住在那晚 , 我在电视上看到人们在长城市的一条街上走着 , 激动着民族旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 周志明同时也试图帮助赫米尼 , 负责推动整个区域的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然适合的身体也可以吸引更小或更重大的缓冲 , 但小型调整可以提供更平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	显然 , 不同层次的管理水平 , 无论海岸基础或海洋 , 需要改变知识水平 , 意识到项目的意识 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	今年早些时候 , 沙利亚政府允许沙利亚法律禁止在该地区武装极端主义的两年之后 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 英国电影提供了8个本地电影 , 虽然7个只显示了它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	据大卫报道 , 一位苹果代表讲话的苹果代表人告诉他 , 由于它的 " 政治收费 " 自然 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	科学依据建立一套科学和综合检查系统 , 进一步运用后科研教育的进一步发展 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	或许最重要的是 , cd19l杀死了甚至有高度抗癌化疗药物的白血细胞 , 以及辐射 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	该系统将使战士使用手持电脑 , 请求全面的有趣视频 , 如怀疑敌人位置或敌人领域 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最好的美国主义 , 甚至很难认识到另一个英语的人 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织保持周梅阳在交通政策结束时 , 为了方便生活 , 她将家搬到东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男性的完美浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了穆迪尔性的重要观点 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的时候 , 告诉自己充分发挥自己 , 今天早上有必要去教会一天早晨 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	该方法使用纤维素凝胶来支持大鼠心脏细胞温度 , 在纤维突破之前 , 将细胞组织成组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了建筑能源节约的窗口 , 指出低玻璃是目前最好的一个 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们时代 , 突变的数量开始扩展系统的能力 , 迈托尼亚开始自动化和死亡 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一个独立的研究 , 看起来像小型透明昆虫 , 双重了解了7 , 000到14万种的物种 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的商业是非常紧张的 ! 经过尝试一直的产品 , 看看我们的上线是如此伟大的时间 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类语言中的重要人类生活 , 血液的丰富 , 如能量、情感、硬等 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格得到了 , 谨慎地雇佣他的妻子 , 所以不要破坏贝特哈 , 因为他已经付了一个圆形的总结 , 他亲吻她的嘴唇 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	国家石油威尔瓦尔科已经开发了下一代计划 , 将培训高潜在的大学毕业生将来的领导地位 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 携带乘客和货物 , 是铁路的主要任务 , 随着社会的发展 , 铁路越来越高 , 铁路在铁路上需求越高 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持希望她丈夫的最重要的物品 , 很快就出了他的衬衫 , 枕头从他的身体里制成的 , 他的霍利昂球 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文介绍了世界铀资源、其在某些国家的分布和变化 , 通过在2006年发布的红书的信息 , 介绍了世界铀资源 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华尔宁波计划在专业、动物和消费市场上开发国内市场 , 我们希望更多人参加我们 , 明天我们将更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	星期五 , 一份独立的报告显示 , 消费者信用增长在1月的第二个月之后 , 下降20个月后 , 可能会为支出提供良好的支出 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者中cgmsi和csi可获得血糖漂移的有价值信息 , 提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	一个在线hiphop社区 , 已经从普通音乐集团获得了股权投资 , 没有公开投资的财务细节 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但是城市规划人员 , 热心试图把资本转化成现代化、效率高、宇宙人口城市 , 大多数人都认为了历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	语言表达:page像邮件 , 但是 " 正常的博客色彩 " 当您在访问管理页面的时候 , 生活在正常的博客中 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国婴儿有效的早期学习项目是一个完善的评价系统 , 综合评价和教育过程的结合 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	此外 , 提高了rpuf的压缩强度和模块的压缩强度 , 从耦合代理出发 , 提高了rpuf的兼容性 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了日本建筑师肯塔kuma设计的 " 竹墙 " 的维拉 , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 做一个立即的模式与注册3号相比 , 存储存储数据的结果 , qi$4美元 , $3 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	星期日 , 观察家声称 " 茶党在联邦支出规模上升 , 尤其是在银行出售银行 " 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 在1990年代末期 , 许可样本已经变成了这样的成本 , 许多拉普尔开始创造背迹和声音来自斯科技 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	如果检测早期 , 五年的生存率大约是98% , 但在先进阶段检测到的15%时 , 可能会低于15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但经过几年的加拉德里尔 , 曾经过过过过过过过过几年的庆祝 , 他的父亲和埃伦的儿子一起来到伊斯兰德里 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日 , 2001年3月28日 , 智利总统与外交部长唐在智利参加了东亚地区论坛 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	背边的绿色是数百只红石 , 个人缝纫 , 这种绿色是极端历史的重要组成部分 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 中国破坏基于毁灭的公司 , 这些合作伙伴在美国销售的时候 , 美国的销售额比斯塔尔少得多 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评中的有机形式 , 包括 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机整体 " 和 " 反对 " 的三个概念 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下面的命令将创建 , 在体积组测试中 , jfs2文件系统与安装点/fs2文件系统 , 并且只读取允许的只读10mb 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的研究白蛋白6水平与白蛋白18水平之间的关系 , 以及r热性动脉炎的综合分化 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	目前马山铁铁铁矿钢铁铁铁矿钢铁铁矿钢铁铁铁矿钢铁铁矿钢铁矿铁矿铁矿铁矿铁矿的电磁搅拌系统的运行状况和问题 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线继承 , 等于性之间的遗传 , 建立个体属性的基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱的完美状态是单一而独独的 , 就像花卉传递的一样 , 就像是夏天的记忆一样 。
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	华东盆地位于中国南部吉林省 , 是一半格拉伯盆地 , 位于杜华湾断裂北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	这个单元具有两个128加仑混合池 , 一个30glon持有hopper和一个flang的进口腔灌注泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理多元主义 " 经常表现出民主的公共文化 , 但现代时代主流思想的主流思想是经济主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种基于更新大气分散算法和邻接方法的化学基础 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的分配需要仔细考虑 , 但如果正确的通胀不再是关注的问题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作计划 , 运行在ct和超声图的指导下 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	因此 , 所以当然 , 黄必由剑死 , 由于饥荒 , 祭祀 , 祭祀 , 祭祀 , 祭祀 , 祭祀 , 祭祀 , 祭祀 , 祭祀 , 祭祀 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的集成模拟 , 包括一个延迟锁锁环 , 同步到引用钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸称 , hkma将在两个欧洲资本通过交易基金上增加其暴露 , 投资汽车hkma管理 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股市最近的推动压力在家庭预算上增加 , 标准500指数在7月份降低了4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他对非政府机构的限制 , 经营海外和接收美国税收者资金的非政府机构的限制 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊环境防止这种情况 , 那么它可能会与国务院的证券委员会批准的安装问题 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	一般相对性 , 时间被认为是高度、宽度和深度的维度 , 创造一个叫做空间时的四维宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	很少有人习惯于早些时候从灵魂中获得质询 , 因为它更难检查自己的心 , 比写一个回报 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统的一位发言人弗南多·鲁戈说 , 尽管淋巴结癌诊断是否会继续诊断 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	承诺人应保证项目设计、建设和运行按照eia报告中包含的信息和建议的项目 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型的时间越长 , 消失自然缓慢 , 如果有重复的拉什 , 可以显示出常规的蛇类 , 还有很多形状 , 更多圆形 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , 尼乌加入了emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家 , 由于国际经典音乐品牌签署 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是在我的经验中 , 基本uml语言超过足够的用于文档大多数软件密集系统的基本要素 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我认为如果我在晚上做一些航空运动 , 它可以帮助在15am期间提高我的能源水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从ae治疗的第一天 , 小鼠pmn的化学物质开始降低 , 大剂量剂量对小剂量的影响比小剂量组的影响更大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	在芝加哥会议上 , 最近从西门人网站消失 , 从来没有讨论机器在哪里使用的特殊地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可变线性回归数学模型预测火灾传播 , 监督火灾防范 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法对245名自我抑郁规模、自治焦虑规模、自我制度问卷进行自我评价 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	劳里亚先生告诉法院说 , " 我们不应该通过这项过程来贡献更多的努力 。 "
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	埃斯利格人是一种智能的科学家 , 出现为浮动大脑 , 培养出一种怀孕的帐篷 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司的需求将在未来20年内增加五倍 , 需要超过2万架飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看见神的惊叹作品 , 听见神的声音 , 听到了神的声音 , 心里的恐惧 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地区 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 这个阶段被指为保守老师教育 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当爱登出生时 , 他被给予抗生素清除他的肺脏过剩的流体 , 尼古医生建议我们允许它 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微气氛从约翰尼走廊瓶里没有燃烧自己 , 鼓励我的想象来自它的爆炸 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一条小树的时候 , 他们听到了一条巨大的飞行在头上 , 路边的草地里有一只可怕的灌木 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外 , 还有一些疾病在吸烟10天或酒精外 , 还有一定的炎症 , 无法使用吸收药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预测1 , 今天为下载提供的第一步是在本土html5支持的下一波进展的第一步 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革的培训应该结合以后的培训 , 以便学生可以提高思维的整体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有耐腐性、耐热性、耐磨性、耐磨性等优良的能力 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	该控制器在纺织染色机多功能驱动同步控制系统中应用 , 具有较高的控制预防和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论5种昆虫药物的鉴别剂量可用于中国cx.pipienspallens的耐药检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	大多数情况下 , 目标是在最后一次午夜之前吞下所有葡萄 , 但乌维亚人坚持在13个葡萄上进行好的测量 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短代码实现同步信息 , 结合快频传输中相关代码传输的难点 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是导致服务方向与服务方向架构之间的关系和区别 , 这是一个破坏它的方法之一 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件传递到 , 使它难以回溯到原始问题的源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接引起的原因是在不对称数字子编码循环的情况下 , 出现了嵌入式的bisdn和adsl的创新 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组装水电池是技术可行的 , 应该在水采水和水水灌溉工程中受欢迎 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 指出某种类型的学校积极寻找沃尔多夫毕业生作为潜在的学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	来自21个国家的高级官员本周在海威夷会议 , 亚太太平洋经济合作论坛的年度峰会 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	同时 , 讨论城市环境建设的功能 , 运用阶段和环境公路的必要性 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多目标结合脉冲可结合培养和松开 , 实现空实体共同培养方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	孙子是由hinaian推荐的 , 揭示了男女和女人之间的平等概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	有些引擎已经开始了他们 , 他们在火车上转向后面 , 开始从草地上滚动 , 他们的运动就像任何球迷们一样漂亮 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	pyridoxine:治疗一组高活性儿童的高活性儿童的双盲、交叉研究 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国商业中发挥着重要作用 , 进一步 , 对国家经济有着巨大的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您收集并保持weidnging的作品和收集卡 , 收集的行为也是作品的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	每个月2.7至4.5个月 , 参与者每天看到他们平均的性经历的平均数量的满意性经验增加了2.7 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江南地区长4+5储层的低渗透性变化潜力有较好的油气勘探潜力 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	研究将观察甘油胶囊是否能破坏病因伪单体的通信系统 , 以防病毒持续的疾病 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于特殊的地质特征 , 引入化学代理的一般方法并不适合亚层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	玛丽说: " 我不会说我们看起来很多 , " 她说 , " 你说 , " 你不必死于贫困 。 " 我总是记得那个 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	据说 , 这种革命可能会被禁止或雇佣 , 硬线程师和奥克拉特人一定会在最后一天结束 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	虽然iq和个性测试可能不会对费克纳思想的直接关系 , 但他们的精神与量化 , 了解量子之间的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	但是 , 沙盒已经墙壁 , 如魏博现在没有玩到外部世界 , 并且对一个严格的监控和刑事政策进行严格的监控 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	好的 , 这是一个很大的杂志手机 , 如果你看完整的日子 , 找到一个正面的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobraddock意识到 , 在线订购杂志之一是消费者不能检查和触摸完美食物的最大的障碍之一 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每个病人治疗 , 预算的变化为首行药物 , 在2002-2005年 , 每年每年的ntp预算和总成本都有可能的变化 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 本发明了一种复合压力 , 具有摩擦压力和液压力的优点 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	这个月 , 印度议会辩论 " 普通稳定 " 这个月后大量忽略了这个问题 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究格里菲大学视觉媒体的研究 , 为格里菲的经验提供一些有趣的观点 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在斯科尔板上 , 几乎所有人都离开了站在一起 , 哈克很清楚地从体育场出来 , 停车很多 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	尽管目前数字可能会建议一个步骤 , 但分析人员说他们并非在中国贸易中定义的指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译在点上编辑的 , " 一个邮件附加在sina.com上翻译 , 一个流行的web门户 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	分析了反垄断机构的四个主要模式 , 指出有效的权力对抗垄断权威具有重要意义 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗后果 , 但这通常缺乏他或她看作是一个手段 , " lucnoel博士补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	另外 , 园林地区、农田、工业土地将获得高峰 , 然后降低稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbc报道 , 7月24日 , 德国德国德国德国杜伊斯堡西部的德国杜伊斯堡的德国城市的爱剧舞蹈节至少有19人死亡 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象能让我们有任何东西 , 即使是一个铁路综合征导致没有过度行为 , 文学可以使我们无处置 , 把我们放在任何地方 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成后 , 他把旗子拆掉 , 珍惜地用它擦掉了嘴巴 , 一些圣维尔的中国人像14岁 , 少有25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年 , 位于利马附近的太平洋海洋城市 , 成立于1537年 , 尤其是周边最大的港口 。 人口264 , 1333 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人造成融合 , 我发现这座拱形超级城市的案例很难让人觉得这座拱形的城市没有一个古老的模糊 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经历一个困难的时间 , 试图学习外语 , 同时适应完全不同的文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个男人为狐狸打猎 , 最后在森林里失去了自己 。 他在暗暗的时候 , 他遇见了一只白头发的老妇女 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	环形的岛屿是一个中央拉戈隆的一部分 , 是地球上最大的链 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	凤凰羽毛覆盖鸟体 , 紧密封闭的葡萄酒创造了翅膀和尾巴的航空动力表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	将一个业务对象映射成另一个商务对象 , 当协调异构系统之间 , 甚至作为正常业务逻辑的一部分 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	然而 , 有时候 , 肥胖从低铁店的疲劳干扰 , 尤其是在20岁和30岁的女性中 , 尤其是在她们20岁和30岁的女性之间 , 他们不吃很多肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 设计合理 , 运动可靠 , 因此 , 这些混合链的性能由世界范围内所达到的高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了防止沿海鸟的习惯压力 , 必须在核心区边建造水流池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	infoq:看起来 , 您希望在google宣布了h.264下降的视频编码会更接近发生 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	马登娜 , 切里·布莱尔和贝克汉姆斯都移动到了沉默的纳米尼斯 , 威胁在家庭生活中升级 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	设备一个晚上vfrvvvrvvvvvrvvvvvvr离子 , 设备来自dynon或garmin , 获得并回到您的秘密目标也更容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	酒吧和咖啡馆的咖啡已经填满桌子 , 家庭在这里停在这里 , 或是一杯葡萄酒的玻璃之后 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	根据陈晓的一位高级顾问赵普林.com , 公司不能在经济衰退中生成利润 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界最大的矿业公司发言人rubanyogarajah说: " 我们不需要从欧盟获得批准 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市指数 , 房价和通货价格较低 , 当然对银行家 " 和 " 借贷人 " 的愤怒感受更多 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是老师职业发展的重要基础 , 在老师的路线工作中扮演不可替代的部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	同时 , 除了其他运动员 , 20岁的运动员在像荷兰、纳塔利港口和萨尔玛海奇一样完成 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们获得有意义的结果 , 我们还证实了网格指数实际上是为了解释后一节的解释而开发的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	比如 , 在短期市场峰值下 , 许多人指向宠物利润 , 股票明显贫困也愿意保护或覆盖姿势 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者看起来几乎没有被忽略 , 周一的交易期间的股市下跌了9% , 但在周一的交易期间 , 然后在17%之后重建17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意 , 阿瑟并不会在达文的裂缝上工作 , 因为他有一个与阿莫斯·迪库的谈话 , 已经有一段时间了 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公室层次不适用:管理人员如法拉 , 他们在大片上超级艺术家数百名艺术家 , 是无根本的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	从现在 , 只有intelsat在空间通信中的16qam实验 , 其中16qam是由传统方法制成的 , 其数据率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜疝修复是用小切口、电镜和模板固定泪水的技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	我的父亲告诉我 , 这是因为他们的家庭财富和过去 , 也没有结婚 , 也没有嫁给任何生命的女孩 , 我的父亲告诉我这是因为他们的家庭财富 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	对于一个电力俄罗斯舞蹈主题的结论 , 玩家们将聚合在一起下 , 清理板 , 达到最多的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	一个危险的声明 , " 你 " 适用于公园的大峰、广泛的玻璃师和印象的水下 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达器真的非常普遍 , 在那时刻 , 我不知道他是否是一个前面的老人脉冲我的腿 , 或者他是否真的是个简单的ton 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案 , 直接影响建设的投资和周期 , 确定建设完成后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及荧光塑料链制造和应用工艺 , 尤其是一种氟塑料衬砌复合材料及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:探讨不同根表面生长因子对不同根表面的附加和增殖作用 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	平壤 , 革命的首都 , 被破坏了 , 社会主义的公平公平土地都不折叠 , 改变了全国的观点 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温显微镜和xrd法研究了含硫酸钠水泥粘结剂的冲击过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变量指令、多地址格式 , 只包含一小量的通用目标注册 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	为了诚实 , 许多人与课堂内容一样做 , 因为我们教导了米歇根热1所大学的同样的事情 , 所有的学生都会学习 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	由于中国在1979年恢复了金融信任业务 , 信赖产业已经经历了六大改善和修改 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察小儿哮喘中新生儿缺血的治疗效果 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南部的bp错误确认 , 联邦政府已经正确 , 大多数联邦政府对皇家支付没有影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	她的父亲试图安排婚姻 , 她在荷兰找到幸福 , 但失去了一个密切的朋友 , 被穆斯林·泽拉特谋杀的穆斯林 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过他们完美的观察独特的机制 , 建立在天线的原则上 , 虽然故事只有五个故事 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	但是该公司通常不会给慈善 , 它并不会给政治活动带来贡献 ; 它不应该是理想的 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	现在96岁的格兰玛·布莱利 , 贷款了100美元 , 他的第一个业务 , 一个消防员站在第8级建立了他 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖食机械厂是一家专业生产自动指导机械、凤莞机械、抛光机械的专业生产 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理拉法尔·贝尼特兹赞扬了他与他的婚姻的背景 , 为了提高他的游戏对抗他的婚姻的背景 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	cuimadam的观点非常简单 , 准确 , 还有一些表现出奇怪的李兴请求 , 为了让牡丹那么多的奇妙 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了一家企业分布资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐述了pp和实现技术的结构 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	需要更新努力 , 增加 " 三农 " 的支持 , 即农村经济 , 农村发展和农村民主的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了圆纹光长波动的影响 , 假设是一种算法随机过程 , 对纤维环谐振器进行了详细的分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文利用概率学和非概率学方法来描述影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	利用霍尔、氢阻硅油、六甲基硅烷、d4合成需要的氢硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨胰岛素总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的影响及心肌超微结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的研究溃疡性结肠炎患者t抑制细胞功能的变化及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们一起回到管子 , 纵向平衡的姐姐一起 , 普通时候 , 没有人太挑战 , 不要听 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	在西方和东方的战争中 , 正常运营 " 市场花园 " 在霍尔兰 , 以及阿登斯的攻击 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章论述了李朝资本城市体系的相关问题 , 包括珠州市与李京之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但是奥巴马总统的预算董事彼得·奥斯扎格说 , 共和党人只是对总统的税收建议的错误 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	因此 , 没有必要的力量需要解释:它是盲目的:在这种形式缺陷的情况下 , 内容也有限和意外 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她保持了她的时尚主义 , 穿着t恤衫从她最喜欢的游戏中运动 , 携带她个人化的航空咖啡杯 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本书中 , 《成功》的新心理学》中 , 斯坦福的心理学家卡尔·dweck给我所描述的一个名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称 , 为了成为人脑的智能 , 需要大量额外的能量和氧气 , 我们只能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月222日监管机构周五在美国银行中占有五家银行 , 预计将成为银行失败的一年 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构预计今年全球石油需求增长400万桶 , 每天 , 达865亿桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也重视非印刷报纸读者的访问 , 深化了视频、声音和运动对数字报道经验的重要性 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近的公众评论中 , 温先生宣布维护外商业信心 , 同时与国际执行官相符合更多规则 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果时间器在区域的数据被认知之前 , tcp假设了段失去或损坏 , 则发送回报 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	因为它返回了一个结果 , 纳米二分辨率的结果 , 自然认为它具有相同的精度和精度的限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	因此 , 通过球到你的前锋发布了一个完全体重的结果 , 使得成就的感觉比完成一个四个方程更加完成 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司 , 进一步扩大了其生产能力 , 与2008年12月达到5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真表明 , 该仪器大大提高了l、c和r参数参数的测量精度 , 得到了较好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入社会主体 , 每个人都鼓励帮助我们自己的校园内的社会建设活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还证明 , 他们可以分开整个文化肠微生物群落 , 创建一个 " 个性化 " 的细菌种图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在重组过程中 , 锁定板固定构造仍然必须从全重轴承保护 , 直到联合签署在放射图上可见 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还担心迈克尔·巴拉克 , 但西森在周二出现了穆里尼奥问题的转变 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	法院文件简单或编写论文的法庭辩论法庭 , 以及诉讼法庭的法庭法庭 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	展示了改进或不出现客户运动是否会在板板上下明确的客户运动 , 否则有意义地进化过程 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理金钱使人更敏感 , 减少社会状况下被排除的压力 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置缺陷位置来解决这些地区的熔铁与树脂沙联系 , 成功避免了缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 与zte的手机、团队、贡献、勤奋的工作、微笑服务和客户携带的现实 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周发生变化 , " 四川应该强调 , 解释那些实验室数量的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 我在银行上伸展 , 我可以听到所有东西的深音乐 , 天空向我展开它的星心 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场关于圣娜的战争对手 , 她失去了四次 , 赢得了2010年太回来了 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	" 我想有一个孩子很长时间 , 但我没有试着 , 只要把它放在那里 , " 马登纳说 , " 这是那些奇怪的人之一 。 "
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过骨颗粒中多层有机矩阵现象 , 表明矿相与珊瑚灰质中有机矩阵相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例患者有虚假阳性结果 , 包括11例自治性不均衡 , 9例高血压 , 6例糖尿病和6例患者 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另一个故事从来没有证明 , 帕诺达对希腊公路的兴趣严格是家庭的 , 参议员们有血液的关系 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了有效dmus的有效途径 , 给出了一种有效的决策和科学管理的参考基础 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果是google地图的 , 当公司在120kb页面大小的时候 , 公司开始增加30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑宁同时也说服了卫生 , 让女孩沉默 , 诚信和诚信让她印象她 , 不要用非 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法甚至允许您在飞行上修改认证规则 , 因为所有的pamaware程序都开始应用新规则 , 没有需要更改代码中的任何变更 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但是我坐在我的山里 , 巴巴勒人仍然在他们的数千里 , 还有几个人敢敢于智利的外国人 , 知道他们肯定会死 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	所以三季长袖在顶部和心脏脏器上部是一个很好的方法 , 同时也没有一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	介绍了广东电信业务支持体系的一些相关概念 , 重点介绍广东电信工作流技术的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	虽然汤姆意识到 , 虽然汤姆将在销售会上显示异常 , 但他不能与客户不合理的需求 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对论文的优秀机遇 , 立刻攻击了他们所谓的非法干涉和破坏的政府 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找过渡太阳的星球 , 同事们的技术 , 用月球作为镜头看地球转移太阳的镜头 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填满了这座建筑 , 是一个完美的炉子 , 门被烧毁 , 地板燃烧 , 木基督没有烧 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	fcdb个人成员频繁回答这个叫做武器 , 参与国有宠物驱动机 , 参与各种提议 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 如何准确地评估您正在为您的产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 而且不仅仅仅是在大鼠洞中挖掘进一步 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公众演讲也有利于 , 如果成功获得他的观众同意的话 , 那么它也是一个信心的增强者 , 如果他成功地雇佣演讲员 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在的地方比它快速世界更有关 , 您的工作讲述了自己和iv联赛信 , 在你的名字没有匹配您的黑客能力之后 , 你的名字没有匹配 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	这说 , 有很多故事 , 仍然被探索 , 留下探索 , 去挖掘阿拉斯和利王的故事只是一个很短的观察 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体系逐步建立 , 高等教育体系在改革下 , 知识经济时代来临 , 教育服务开放 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc已经发布的威胁 , 应该给国际社区疑问它在民主政府领导的准备性 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	目前 , 管理监督的政策已经广泛接受在过去几年中所作出的明显成就 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	心理卫生专业人员说 , 大多数受抑郁症患者并非适当的治疗 , 因为缺乏心理医师和公共预测 , 因此 , 心理健康专业人员表示 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	同时还讨论了互动多模式方法 , 实现了统一和 " 目前 " 加速运动模型的目标建模 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:目前医学教学包括医学知识、诊断、医学技能、评价课程和测试 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	印刷工业的增长 , 如果我们可以使用密度计量和控制点颜色 , 或者不当考虑印刷过程控制时 , 就会成为印刷工业的关注 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在扬城三宝500kv传输线中 , 一个固定的系列电容器用来增加线传输的电能 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	路易斯坦尼亚和泰坦尼经常被认为是姐妹船 ; 他们实际上属于两个独立的所有者 , 但错误是理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但是目前的h1n1流感真的使得这个非常明显 , 人们在猪肉、土耳其和肥料上传递了流感病毒 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	随着我自己的愤怒渔民正与格兰维尔的愤怒者在一天的记录中竞争 , 试图从前一天开始击败28个鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr , 83岁 , 现在他儿子的30亿美元的基金会 , 比尔&melinda盖茨基金会 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	这并不仅是开发人员 , 因为burb对timo'illy的开放显示 , 提示了用户开源的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	中国在上周的地震之后 , 北京仍有数千人死亡 , 中国在上个星期的地震之后 , 重建了第一个蓝印刷 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文提出了一种新型的目标转换因素分析和光谱图书馆搜索方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	原因是 , 具有声结构的知识基础 , 直接影响了专家系统的发音速和有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 液化效果提高了液化温度、催化剂量和液溶剂比 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先研究了宋华河水系统中的冰性质 , 研究冰阻性能 , 然后研究冰阻力性能的推广性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	紧张的城市 , 州和联邦技术部已经是云承诺快速发展的一些机构 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是一个孩子进入门户 , 试图为一个学校项目赚钱的孩子们买到一张钱 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	大多数人是否从某些乳酸菌株中排出 , 可以转化糖转化成长淀粉分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济时期 , 一组生产区域和住宅单位作为一个整个社区 , 建立满足全国建设需要 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划还遇到西方的其他预订 , 为了有效的绿色刺激了建筑效率和可再生能源的集中 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 鲁迅是日本学生中最著名的中国作家 " hotown " 作为日本学生之间的文本书 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单地讨论了敏捷方法的特点 , 与传统软件开发方法相比 , 介绍了几种敏捷方法mo 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%的患者患者的危险治疗 , 囊肿显著降低或消失 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统操作简单 , 快速稳定 , 维修方便 , 接口友好 , 适用于其人口化和应用 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智能分析师一致认为中国进步的速度是经济和技术的 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔菲亚·沙利亚是一个继承的条件 , 是世界各地的普遍 , 马来利亚是濒危的地区 , 尤其是非洲和东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍原发脑损伤ct迹象的分类 , 探讨其诊断和预后的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验表明 , 提出了一种模拟模拟模型 , 描述了压力激活器的行为有效 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	奥斯坦相是gtaw联合微结构的主导性 , 而gtaw连接的低温影响严重性较智能联接更好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要在孩子和孙子周围的生活中心 , 寻找自己的社会圈子 , 这样 , 你就不会失望太多的期望 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	按照下列项目的绝对数量 , 应当按照下列项目确认有效的有效冲突的有效条件 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公众是建设和加强埃及政府的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务服装 , 为了在圣地做服务 , 祭司的圣诞服装 , 以及他的儿子的服装 , 到祭司办公室 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验分析了硅橡胶释放剂在室温下的表面处理时间的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾性分析30例皮尔夫地板功能调节30例生物反馈疗法及护理护理情况 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引法 , 由清晰、纯洁、集中思想制成的强大内容 , 开始吸引你的欲望的十分精神 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	重建心脏和心脏缺血区域的三维神经元图像 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	在前面的例子上 , 将x添加到脚本的开始和评论中 , 并执行它 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究采用饮食咖啡因消费的食品频率仪 , 以评价咖啡因摄入与肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用集成带来多个应用程序和信息源 , 没有直接调用它们 , 关注应用程序与数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	而且 , 全国大多数气候变化都是贫穷的:他们包括索马里 , 巴里 , 尼日 , 埃里亚 , 阿富汗 , 阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润现在正在达到2007年的前提峰 , 但在增长和稳定市场之间的差异越来越多 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	另外 , fda可以启动一个管理器回忆 , 如果该机构确定一个被调制的或错误的婴儿公式给人体健康带来的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	danton是一个强烈的消防品牌 , 一个令人震惊的政治剧演员 , 他的光谱剧院在拉拉尔举行观众的观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行的风格界面 , 许多商业软件被使用 , 是从一个年轻的外国手中开始不可思议的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母超化疗法是严重溃疡性结肠炎患者安全有效的方法 , 提高患者的组织学 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水控制的高质量技术解决方案有关 , 从任务到混合器 , 从发射头和螺旋出来 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构 , 提出了信息树的概念 , 并提出了一种新型的阻抗措施 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	虽然疼痛 , 我会努力完善我的生活 , 不会对你们的爱 , 但不会对你感到不满意 , 我10年玩笑的耐心 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	查塔拉拉·拉戈在法国花园的珍珠 , 由著名的圣诞节圣诞节的三代哥哥哥哥哥哥哥走过 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建设计的实现和管理体系 , 是系统地运行出程序设计和培训综合应用人才的前提和保障 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	阿尔巴嫩现在将导致一个挑战性的挑战 , 试图赢得个人机构 , 确保简单的大多数需要批准这项交易 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一所警方大学的演讲中 , 朱嘉承认 , 南非有世界上最高的谋杀率之一 , 去年有1800人死亡 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警方在泰国云南省和泰国港的船上发现了920万台amphetamine表 , 000台 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	向中非发送军队发送非洲 , 直接谋杀冲突是一个严重的症状 , 干预行为者增长越来越严重 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	试验结果证明 , qh4节能海岸设备具有显著的燃料 , 为任何路径条件下的任何模型提供了影响 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这种方法略微障碍 , 但可以提供广泛的曝光 , 与两边矩阵的方法达到广泛的曝光 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三人意识到 , 是对天战争胜利的关键 , 因此改变了他们的刚性时代 , 他们从初开始传播出来 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	根据奥兰多、制造和2000年 , 包括现实和鲁棒模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法的基本思路 , 给出了地面结构安排的规定 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的规模远远大 , 许多美国人认识到 , 根据大脑改革而非暂时修复 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅能通过发展经济 , 而且在合理收入分配系统基础上发布 " 社会财富 " 的基础上 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	在治疗25分钟压力下 , 阿帕格斯的新鲜时间达到了1824天 , 治疗250天的压力 , 15分钟的操作时间为15分钟 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	这是一个相似的塑料前面和橡胶的小板 , 作为79美元的非触摸模式 , 但很少按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	因为我们的团队需要用户连接数据库并建立多个jbos容器 , 我们使用板来提高特定信息的用户 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 在第一个光和粒子的互动中 , 这些相互作用就像魔术 , " 她说 , " 极性分子是量子光学的领域 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个邪恶的王 , 克劳迪斯 , 将在他父亲和妹妹死亡的悲伤和愤怒中投资 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论通过观察病理大小的观察 , 可以发现循环边缘渗透 , 确切地检查术后应该是一项常规的检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	地面上没有捕食 , 盐浆 , 当喷气爆炸的时候 , 喷气爆炸了一些远离普通县内福机场的距离 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经历了相似的战争贫穷和追求发展 , 充分欣赏他们面临的艰难和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	将数据交换为客户端和服务之间的格式定义为xml模式 , 清单1中显示了在线咖啡服务的xml模式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题 , 据报道 , 一些美国媒体指责中国黑客进入五角洲网络 , 并对我们战斗机喷射的信息进行了综合的报告 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 南非平均的非洲人口只有9.2%的人口定义为白人 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海缓冲果实丰富的蛋白质、脂肪和碳水化合物 , 还有各种基本维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	员工满意度可以分别解公司转型注意力 , 工作性能为49.38% , 58.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	欧文试图为一个年轻的表现 , 打击邮件 , 并且迫使罗伯托·阿伯丁尼里和一个美妙的负责 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	1920世纪初期 , 民族化记者出现了民族化的新闻主义 , 是政治和经济体系的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双色荧光和流式细胞分析法对不同布局时间、血液时间、洗涤时间的影响进行了比较 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	美联储曾在两个世界级目标的罗伯恩·罗布恩和中场乔科尔的影响中场领导人wingerjobenroben和信息wingerjbenroben 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车和视频、塔机、智能计、太阳能、太阳能汽车、电力工具、军用应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	简单健康的詹米·威尔森说: " 只有一半小时 , 帮助别人能够帮助你的生活和他们的生活 。 "
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	鉴于我们对保障公共卫生的责任 , 这些局面的紧张官员面临着这样的情况 , 几乎总是对警惕的侧面错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在新兴市场和发展中国家在改革上工作了更多的协议 , 以提高发展中国家在ifi的发展中国家的代表 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	说明: " 和 " 和 " 等等 " 的 " 是 " 的 。
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对孕妇的影响越来越严重 , 如果孕妇女流感 , 而孕妇的死亡率越高 , 但孕妇的死亡率越高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	有趣的是 , 我的朋友 , 还有一些关于jadedity的笑话 , 为了有趣的 , 就像许多航空电影只会出现在一个杰出的观众 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	当我们想要安装第6届战争教授的时候 , 更多的抵抗力被遇到 , 然后作为斯托尔姆大学物理学教授 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的是安全的版本 , 但是我不认为 , 在历史上有一个单独的案例 , 在那里 , 炸弹威胁被称为 " 和炸弹 " 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这可能意味着不同成员的空间环境 , 米克哈尔·莱布里波诺夫说 , kgb的退休殖殖民地 , 是一个著名的冷战空间 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们在男性和女性工作人员中发现几乎没有差异 , 建议在薪酬谈判中 , 女性的职业驱动女性只是 " 竞争力 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	这款软件肯定有 " 北美正确联系 " , " 丹尼罗说 , " 我们在欧洲和亚洲都有我们的合适联系 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然气候 , 如洪水 , 热带循环 , 龙头和潮潮潮潮潮潮都发生在这里 , 每年都有悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	soap<>cobol非xml转换可以与ibmwebsphere转换扩展器开发 , 以便在门户处理策略中执行消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	这些形态变化少于2组 。 结论:nimodipine与音乐联合的hbo结合有较大的恢复效果 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际勘探方法 , 利用地震波的稳定性计算了周围岩的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	虽然这大型地区森林的实际和政治困难有很多 , 但它的利益可能超过碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 一些新闻:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等 , 来自传统汉语的意义 , 完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻炼 , 润滑油泵喷雾 , 延长齿轮寿命 , 确保长期印刷染色精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	青明节 " 河景 " 的著名图片也将在中国古代城市中展现出其表现 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受的时候 , 这个知识的后果每次都在锻炼 , 所以它的权力总是直接向它的笑容 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	这是不基督徒相信 , 终端能理解上帝的意义 , 即使上帝的王国不足够好 , 才能对人民造成伤害的任何手段 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高能风隧道试验 , 研究了一种高超声输入的高声波输入器人 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果突变脂肪酸和淋巴酶能成功地解决细菌墙 , 提取纤维细菌的血浆 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨腹腔镜治疗腹腔炎患者穿刺电动脉冲的有效性和安全性 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子膨胀阀的流动特性 , 应适应超热增益 , 用于不同蒸发温度下的冷却流动率 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	11岁 , 索洛蒙给了hiram2万个小麦作为他的家庭食物 , 除了200个浴缸 , 还有2万个洗澡 , 老橄榄油 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定从2001年以来 , 甘肃基本教育项目运行的欧盟基础教育项目下有许多缺点 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef的临床疗效和有毒性 , 作为当地早期乳腺癌治疗新型化疗药物治疗的临床疗效 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	加强医药业实力 , 加强医疗意识 , 进一步加强医药业实力的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	在印度彩色象征的动画段中 , 喷气是可见的 , 庆祝国家独立70年的 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车 , 大型、小型飞行车 , 箱子车 , 监测汽车 , 无论是私人汽车或公司汽车都是上海贷款 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了物理变化到触摸屏 , 触摸屏技术也在移动设备上使用了一种新的软件交互 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择蓝莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 草莓酱 , 菠萝酱 , 芒果酱 , 芒果酱 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行业的发展面临着各种挑战 , 包括纤维、企业竞争在外国和发展中国家的各种挑战 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	他们在氯塑膜结构中很不同 , 色素蛋白质复杂 , 电子传输部件和光合功能的内容 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	探讨改进型tvp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 改进了tvp3类型的融合蛋白类型 , 免疫系统的效果 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了桩壁类型大径径直径曲线稳定性的影响 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	有些你可能没有什么 。 相信它 , 还有数百万富翁和百万富翁之间 , 是相对正常的 , 钱意识的人之间 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	1969年 , 前军队殖民的力量在1969年被广泛人口的国家 , 曾经在27岁的时代 , 完全改造了他的形象 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	史蒂文·杰拉德今天拯救了利物浦的德比日胜利 , 并坚持红军正在努力为最高四个地方赢得竞争的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了防止大规模细胞文化中的污染方法 , 包括人类培训、环境控制、遗传技术和材料管理等多种方法 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	离开yi并不知道这次危险的话题 , 这并不好 , 请求布鲁德多样的人格出现错误 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	据《丹麦》报道 , 利物浦正在歌唱ebj年轻的尼古拉约kohlert的边缘上 , 利物浦正在参加一项三年的协议 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	沙街18号法国信用农业银行 , 沙街60号 , 角色通信是新西洋作品 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	思想政治的前线的大学咨询员是思想和政治工作的基层指挥官和教育者的思想和政治工作 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct电流变换器使用amter、控制电路和保护继电 , 通常有5个ampere秒 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 剩下几天 , 然后在一个步骤里 , 干燥水果 , 公园层 , 所有水果都来自绿种 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声纠正方法相比 , 非线性配件与中间脉冲函数相对较低时 , 当nr相对较低时 , 非线性配件更好 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	简介:小刚和母亲给了母亲在墓里付了尊重 , 小刚下跌到了bug洞 , 回到10年之前 , 小刚回到了一起 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务流程强度中心可以为这些需求提供一个中心存储库 , 使它在云中很容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	通过实验测量 , 计算结果表明 , 表面温度分布从上述尺寸模型中降低了模型 , 从实验测量中得到了相对相同的鉴别 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	木材作为聚合物填充剂作为木材利用的重要方向 , 降低了聚合物成本 , 提高产品性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	在10月两千八日 , 迈克尔·波兰在纽约时报杂志发布的一封信中写了一封信 , 让奥巴马总统在纽约时报杂志上发布 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人 , 质量第一 " 是我们的网络 , 金融人士将继续创造 , 为了使竞争性产品 , 我们邀请您创建未来的依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:玉米耐腐性能最佳 , 耐蚀性能在pelletkiln中 , 最适合于该窑中的应用 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 给我国市场带来机遇 , 信用已经成为限制社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在斯坦多夫期间 , 六艘美国战舰周围围的种子船 , 以确保武器在火山地区的其他地方并非采取其他武器 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	混合性质明显显显显显显显显显呈现出母性异体 , 水果设置日期 , 水果大小和颜色如混合人群 , 随着胎儿父母 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但是 , 即使对气候变化的重大成本不完全回答气候变化的问题 , 这是答案的重要组成部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有较强、耐用性 , 尤其适用于各种各样的货车类型的修复 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	来自西方大地区的刘南亚大陆 , 这些毒品是最重的婴儿单位之一 , 可用于刘南亚军队 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	进一步分析了该模型的抗定性和噪声产生机制 , 给出了新概念研究的方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左颈颈颈椎癌和部分颈椎癌切除术在上胸部病变中表现出左颈颈椎切除术 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	预计联邦储备的缓慢预期增长 , 预计联邦储备可能会发布另一轮债券购买 , 试图驱动长期借款成本更低 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了土壤水含量及其在土壤污染条件下的动力学 , 研究了土壤水分含量和土壤水分对陕西地区内的蒙古沙漠表达公路的影响 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会称 , 今天美国大学的六十八个百分之八的教师任务是指导的 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量计 , 集成传感器、转换器和集成器 , 并对该点进行了展示 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	光线的触动代表了从世界贸易中心失去的twin塔 , 只有五年前的许多记忆显示出了9/11袭击的许多记忆之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该对那些使坟墓错误的人造成重要工作 , 而且他们的态度仍然不好 ; 他们应该被剥夺他们当前的种族和完善的态度 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制剂基因pten诱导人膀胱癌细胞凋亡的效果及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是博登尼 , 其领导人是一般的pica , 保卫人 " 手机全天都在广播阅读者 , 因为阅读者们更多关于动态节日的信息 " 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	qcg系列传统的运动管道运动泵用于处理清洁水或其他液体类似于物理性能和化学性能 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	传统的代理 , 例如血管痉挛性心脏病 , 与人类各种切割性疾病相关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	介绍了一种减少器观察器重建外观测系统状态 , 解决了ootc法的物理实现问题 , 解决了ootc法的物理意义 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	针对粗糙集理论中的连续评价属性 , 提出了一种方法 , 强调分辨率分离的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	中国航空防御系统在1月份展示了一项强调可部署、多功能武器 , 强调出口市场的发展趋势 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔子病人应保护安静的环境法庭机构 , 可以使用静脉剂来减少患者的痉挛、瘫痪和疼痛 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 应该nilmar作为替代 , 沃尔夫斯堡可能愿意降低他们的价格 , 减少他们的磨削 , 允许罗斯尼里发出警方 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动循环识别并行混合电动车的自适应控制策略 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	作为信任研究的多文化互动现状 , 随着信任研究的趋势 , 人们对其哲学维度进行探讨 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	霍萨因和他的同事们的长期研究表明 , 大坝特别是改变了海底或半干地区的极端沉淀模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿对其后院影响的时候 , 美国南美政策在重大程度下降 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 两名德国代理人发现了两个这样的代码 , 英国情报局重复不能破坏 , 声明文件揭示 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新的稳定添加剂 , 提高了fcc柴油的颜色变化和沉积形成 , 具有较好的效果 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	2007年第三季度 , 净收入达到54亿美元 , 或40亿美元 , 或11美元 , 或11美元 , 2007年第三季度的第三季度 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	虽然英语最受欢迎的字母 , 但它确实不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时代主席阿瑟·苏尔伯格在周二下午评论新设备涉及的新设备 , 除非说 " 安装隧道 " 外 , 纽约时代主席阿瑟·塞伯格拒绝评论 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	工作流的动态 , vivivid , 个性成为客户的紧急需求 , 与wfms应用范围扩展和应用程序实现不断扩展 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指部长进入一个大源 , 迅速从工人中间的一些污染物被用水洗掉了各种组件的污染 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	另一方面 , 麦克伦南 , 感觉更多的控制 , 她说她喜欢她前任的工作 , 尤其是钱和 " 火箭星 " 的机会 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	由于我们每周花费了四十多小时的工作 , 对于你的健康和长寿来说 , 您的工作的地方也是有可能的 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	当使用odbc时 , 这是一个冗余的实践 , 作为应用程序初始化的配置 , odbc函数与数据库系统相同 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在内外八年后回到巴基斯坦 , 只有几个月前 , 在卡拉奇战役过程中生存了自杀炸弹 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分为糖尿病 , 给出了一半的安慰剂 , 用扩展的硝基因 , 一种药物在血液中提高hdl水平的药物 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	好的 , 你可以伸展它 , 说一个工程来改善人类健康的例子 , 从一个地方到另一个地方 , 但这将比我要做的更多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	周一 , 投资人决定在周一发表 , 亚洲和欧洲债券上涨 , 道琼6.76点 , 或超过5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是我从网络找到的星系结构的一个线程图 , 您更好地完成这个很好的环境检查 , 或者很容易结束一个燃烧的esc 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 穆中山佛教思想的研究比其他人少 , 尤其是达成秦六林的内容和意义的研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的公司 , 鼓励美国sarbanesoxley行为的规定 , 以及其它措施 , 清理公司行为将会是空间 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	您可以嵌入媒体更好地阐述一个主题 , 为自己建立你的信用性 , 同时与其他人合作 , 提高你的knol的时间 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	本文叙述mvc2的创新 , 以及基于mvc2的访问控制系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史蒂尔说 , 随后向cnnn宣布 , 林巴赫的评论是初步的 , 丑陋的 , 提高了史蒂尔对党领导党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更有可能参与城市娱乐中心 , 蒸汽黑客 , 或者在公共池里或一个火水化剂转化了泉水 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	利用这些参考 , 中国应完善教育投资体系 , 给出基本教育、加强教育机构等基本教育的优先性 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它袭击了岛屿 , 杀死了两名士兵和两名民间人 , 因为南方忽略了警告不要在岛周围爆发的水 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:可以根据整体策略实现创造性思想 , 实现用户经验优化的最佳结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 在超级机器人战争中 , 作者肯诺斯·苏里亚也被认为是平衡的战士iii , 但没有法律行动的报告 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着中国的战略和领先产业的发展 , 高科技产业吸引了很多fdi 。 逐步 , fdi成为我国高科技产业的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季度 , 阿尔说 , 自己的成员为其网站的独特访问者组成了36% , 但创建了80%的页面视图 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但是最后 , 我们决定跳过它 , 回到巴勒 , 沿着旅行者安杰和加密 , 探索城市的途径 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	改变加利福尼亚的宪法 , 禁止失败 , 直到48小时后 , 物理学家通知小鼠的父母或法律卫生 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	早期种子的大多数胚胎可能会发育到全球胚胎相位 , 因为非正常内皮核分裂的胚胎分裂 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理教育应教育专业知识 , 使独立思维和培养生命学习习习习的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总战发动机将成为我国最新发展的基础 , 第一次引入全面3d海军战 , 第一次将成为我国最新发展的基础 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生将能够使用这些知识和方法 , 他们将学习在本课程中搜索相关材料 , 并在未来遇到法律问题时找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论冠状皮肤下颌骨扩张的满意度 , 是由身体和机械因素造成的 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	政治家们总是在原始阶段谈论人口群群 , 奥巴马先生实际上承诺自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	wi的模式与其它地方相同 , 您的发型选择更少 , 对于某种颜色和三种风格的选择来说 , 更少一些原因 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律集体禁止权利时 , 才能有效地保护自己的工作权利和利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	同一联合国峰会 , 奥巴马总统提供了强烈的旋转 , 但他面临着激烈的国内反对 , 提出的碳切割 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿在2008年的民主提名中回到了几次 , 有时通过声音邮件来说 , 有时候 , 巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里克林顿在2008年参加民主提名 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践表明 , 希望实现 , 物质勘探 , 以及今天生活中出现的异文戏剧现象 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	从任何真正的平衡球员的平衡输入信号将通过完全平衡 , 直到达到平衡头输出连接器的平衡输出 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为一个 " 伊斯纳 " 的世界大权力和各种政治 , 美国认识到中亚是美国全球化战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	英国哥伦比亚大学的最常见的人是gregorkiczals , 目前在英国哥伦比亚大学 , 他在软件模拟研究中工作 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型的帮助可能有足够的工作培训工作 , 方向 , 交通 , 或者其他支持使个人保留自己或她的雇佣 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	那里有一个场景 , 苏金终于去了她的房子 , 然后把所有的东西放在邮箱里 , 然后把钥匙放进邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元法对电动混凝土的外循环影响进行了分析 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp经理说 , 他们经常听说 " 反对派已经秩序 " , 这样说 , " 反对华盛顿短暂 , 为美国总统 " 的 " 华盛顿 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2美国认识到国际机构、外国政府及其它代表人员和他们立刻家庭成员 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 由海关签署的相关进口声明表格 , 应当向外汇交易所提交付款 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	基于板块和壳的经典理论 , 采用二元有限元产量条件作为材料产率标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	伊晓春说 , 中国与马来西亚和新加坡保持良好的经济贸易关系 , 三个国家都是互联的重要贸易伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	本月的专栏提供了一个更深入的描述ibm支持协助 , 包括最新的特点 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1种有利的胶岩条件可以反应煤炭甲烷散散射 , 直接抑制甲烷吸附 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的照片显示了几十名学生在雅卡运动厅内玩坏人顿 , 装备了一个空气化系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	根据本发明的另一个实现 , 图5阐述了脉冲宽度发电机的一个示例 , 用两个替换延迟路径 , 实现了脉冲宽度发电机的另一个实例 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一条街道破坏合金通道和传统的法院院房屋 , 只有东方的广播购物区 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国国家集团投票将16名马里斯从新西兰的各种博物馆回到他们的家乡 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国在建立和平建设委员会更有效地协调和平保持、后冲突恢复和发展的努力 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系的劳动关系 , 劳动法是劳动关系调整 , 应该是劳动关系的特殊、狭窄的劳动关系 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师做了 , 他们会创造一个日本产品 , " 奥斯基解释说 , 他总是帕纳森的海外运作 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	亚古兰提供了许多水果和蔬菜的黑色 , 比如蓝莓和红辣椒 , 它们是黑米 " 黑米 " 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站称 , 几乎地震灾难导致墙壁崩溃 , 飞行玻璃 , 飞行玻璃 , 下降物体 。
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	伟大的分区范围主要由平原和高原组成 , 宏观的中心附近是一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的新闻 , 一个微型计算机锁定其他地板切换门 , 设置回收容器转换直到右键键下 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	干旱严重 , 早期水稻 , 干旱类型的成熟度严重 , 其强度和时间超过正常年水稻 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	大酒店拥有一座荣幸与joykmisra先生、高级副总裁、销售和市场taj酒店的旅馆和宫殿 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国很高兴宣布 , 已经与帕兹·贝尔德一起达成协议 , 以及佐桑托斯和阿德姆ljic加入俱乐部的球员 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我走过发展中国家时 , 问自己是经济表现大多样性的最大的单一解释 , 它在这个领域下降 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前已完成了多个项目 , 但在此类框架设计中 , 实现了多个项目 , 对此类框架的设计方法进行了研究 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是通过燃料直接燃烧型冷却器实现冬冷和冷却 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	我的身体位置是我最终结束的 , 随着网球在我的拉克和足球之间陷入了我的身体位置 , 很相似于你的接触点 , 实际上是当你服务的时候 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	用扫描电镜对l929细胞进行了培养 , 用扫描电镜进行生物相容观察和生物相容观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚洲大学的精神意味着不同时期的意义 , 但qianmu在发展中华文化的诺贝mba中总是在其中 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	陶瓷是细胞膜中发现的一种脂肪 , 同时也作为体内应力响应的信号 , 夏季解释说 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司建立了其现金水平为609亿美元 , 其中包括股票和其他投资等于3月份 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据报道 , 今年8月份的8月份 , 加纳了政治家和公众关注的官方工作率 , 据报道 , 8月份的9.7%的官方工作率 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例手术切除术前针刺激生物的诊断进行比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然几何形态的景观 , 由人类作为一种旅游资源 , 我们称之为旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角色:它变成绿色 , 因为soda水含有碱性 , 如soda水 , 可以转化成绿色 , 被称为碱性物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着伴侣的发展和社会开放 , 永久戏剧在唐代的存在 , 永久戏剧变得越来越频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是足板型结构 , 舒适 , 方便 , 能明显降低骑手的劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	同时 , 企鹅变化的食物很容易完全感觉 , 影响饮食通常 , 满足护理吸收的情况 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他从温州到美国 , 9月21日离开了15亿元的债务 , 中国银行和个人信用者 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心表示 , 地震震测量了3.8 , 位于丰富的尺寸中心 , 位于悉尼西南部的80公里 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于推出时 , 他的阻塞性皮肤组织从身体上升 , 他死于那里 , 就死于那里 , 就死了 , 阿布兹杀死了什么 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属框架复合材料 " 广泛应用于石油、化学、药、食物、贮存和运输等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求编程工具设置的语言设置应适用于标准程序的标准程序的标准程序 , 以便提供程序设置 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	这个课程要求基本问题如何是自然化的电荷呢 ? 为什么我们找到一个孤立的磁北或南极 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 2010年6月7日 , 巴拉塔利亚湾的巴拉塔利亚湾深水平线喷油池上死亡的涡轮飞行 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论lukoctecd18水平和mpo增加 , 大鼠重灌注损伤中白细胞数量降低 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计将要求150个监狱领导阿富汗警察训练任务 , 进一步从主要中海地区来自150个国家 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持实施omc是欧盟的实际选择 , 虽然欧盟不足以帮助欧盟实现健康保健整合 , 但最后为自己的弱点 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文包括五章:第一章和两章介绍vor的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们的背上 , 带有限的时间去走 , 为什么在我们能看到它 , 所有的神秘保存 , 从基本的ramica的rampartsa的rampart来追踪 。
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	由于rgs进入10年以来 , 大约有10个高产率、高品质水稻品种 , 给吉林省带来了巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查标准的广告 , 都在印刷和网络上 , 看看到什么可用的 , 特别是邻居的速度 , 获得最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	在一个独特的航空实验中 , 最近170个航空炸弹727被制造成在遥远墨西哥沙漠的控制方式下爆炸 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我在试验中告诉法官 , 我们通常必须在日常生活中跳来结论的自由 , 因为这项试验的目的 , 现在悬浮了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	这实际上是我在这里描述的一个平衡 , 是参与的意义 , 它是通过parlalalaltre , 被指导为权力 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了fog成像多分散模式 , 提出了基于图像bl程度的fog含量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	采用良好的育种和遗传系统 , 作为一种完全预测的国内昆虫 , 被认为是一种理想的模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机在500英尺飞行到了1500英尺 , 修改我的空气速度 , 为了推动中心 , 我离开500英尺的500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者并没有做出冲突的决定 , 比如液体所有的低危机政府债券 , 为了让绿色纸币仅仅仅仅仅一分钟 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的青年里 , 劳伦斯·凯斯尼奇经常与他的父亲在政治和宗教上宣称 , 但他也承认他爸爸的承诺帮助贫穷和家庭的承诺 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果 , 大多数性能 , 城市可以从事实上采取心脏 , 甚至有10个男性 , 直到第二个进球 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该把这些iphone类似 , 用音乐和视频触摸屏幕wifi手机 , 真正的浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 传感器 , 上面 , 应用程序存储 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果自动旋转km-5000d微观摄影系统包括三个部分:微切割系统、双电动装置和控制面板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方作品的印象 , 盖茨基金会决定采用预防模式 , 并在12省的主要城市中重申 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管今年早些时候 , 英国的导弹 , 英国在本月早些时候将加入法国、德国和意大利 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	但另一方面 , 随着贸易和产业贸易的增加 , 由多国公司带来的贸易 , fdi对贸易有着积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动图表将展示投资者如何在购买更多的微软选项时 , 或者持有少量中国股票 , 或者短期油价格 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和他们的病人一直担心罗斯坦酮的心血管安全性 , 因为新英格兰医学杂志的冶金分析报告显示 , 因此 , 他们和他们的病人已经很担心 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	当袭击时 , 一些昆虫物种包括啤酒和卡塔德ids活跃地被炸毁 , 但对这些极端措施的好处并不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事应用中应用广泛应用 , 介绍了飞机irst系统的应用示例 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 给出了石灰水泥和混凝土厚度的参考 , 最后厚度将准确计算 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	星期二 , 能源价格很容易 , 周二油价在134.01美元 , 加仑4.078美元上涨4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	据官方说 , 虽然其所有的所有者缺乏六个需要许可证 , 但它在国有矿业全面观察 , 但在三年内运行了国家财产的全面视图 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国人来说 , 他们希望从这些国家中找到某些东西 , 我们可以学习 , 同时 , 与此同时 , 尽管我们可能得到奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州长在6月第三日宣布 , 今年6月的父亲节的第三个星期日 , 梅德维夫在华盛顿的心中心中心 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	据世界领导的国际卫生组织今天呼吁联合行动的一份报告 , 加快一个高效疟疾疫苗的发展和许可 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面对南方捕捉最好的观点 , 并且在下面2.5米以下 , 防止玻璃进入房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	设计您的线程安全类 , 允许它在多线程应用程序中使用 , 作为非线程安全类 , 但具有更高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	1979年至1990年 , 美国的生产力越来越广泛 , 从1979年到1990年 , 美国生产力越来越慢 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是研究人员建议如果减弱趋势继续 , 即使在6月到9月的夏季季季蒙古松月份 , 即使在夏季季季季季季季季季季季 , 仍然会有更多的循环 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	另外 , 本文对南东省海河的再生和转型进行了研究 , 分析了其背景和过程的经验 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气在传统真空喷嘴中传递了相同的大区域 , 因此大型压缩空气消耗较高 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	民主党民主党如霍耶先生在布什行政上的缺陷大多数 , 这些政策继承了预算增长 , 但离开了赤字的办公室 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了在公共互联网上出现的sparql端点外 , 其他人正在出现火墙 , 以便易于企业数据的交叉查询 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据《时报》报道 , 布莱尔的妻子切丽·布莱尔在20世纪中期是一名火车律师的时候 , 据《时代》报道 , 布莱尔的妻子切里·布莱尔 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	在距离战斗过程中 , 任何战斗者从未出现形状 , 或者在距离战争中跑出气体 , 但两者往往往往会面临一半的12周的爆炸 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	结果可以通过数值显示 , 通过在开发的软件中直接看到它 , 另外 , 工作界面容易使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	您现在可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员认证 , 以便使用您的管理员用户 , 留下wpserverid只使用您的服务器过程 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvclike模型作为一个例子 , 但您可以应用丰富的web应用背景到任何模型和页面设计方法的基本原理 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能导致平均每天收入 , 同时注意力持续好 , 许多俱乐部已经冻结或减少票价格 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视上 , 一位新闻记者表示 , 副总统在历史上拥有最大的竞选战争支持 , 因此奥德森最喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的边界性能 , 设计了一种具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	虽然福特公司是美国去年最佳销售汽车 , 但在2010年最高的十名单中有六个外国拥有的模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 一个折叠物不开放卵子或者在释放卵子之后释放后 , 卵巢囊肿形成卵巢囊肿 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们只是对其他公司竞争 , " 公平场 , 康纳说 , 最近在其网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	2003年 , 他面对法国的一项调查 , 他在2003年扮演了一个年轻的小说家 , 并且在纽约的一名民事服装的纽约 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适性是最好的 , 混凝土的风险比填料板操作的时候要低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的时候 , 他和他的妻子将每月收到约600元 ; 在忙碌的时候 , 直到2点时 , 他们每个人都可以回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和呼吸方面扔几句话 , 信心 , 爱 , 抱怨 , 除非你对他们行动 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论日前 , 尼日利亚人被逮捕在北航空公司北航班边的小爆炸 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队已经尝试了许多 " 偶像 " 的风格选择 , 过去是最好的 , 他在2007年的《英雄》中被称为 " 英雄 " 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们认为他们是非常相似的事情 , " erik说 , 28岁的助理教授埃里克 , 指数数学和艺术 , " 他们都是创造性的过程 。 "
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的移动计划表明 , 他可能试图展示反对党成员 , 他在形成预算和税收政策中严重合作 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一家塔尔公司发出了a/c的样本 , 我不喜欢样本 , 然后我将样本发送给那家公司 , 现在我们做了很好的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	研究35例rti与40例无rrti患者的血锌值之间的关系 , 比较了40例无rrti患者的血锌值 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择之后 , 主题将找到银柱: " 用一条破碎的腿 , 我将能躺在床上看电视 , 无吉利 。 "
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文以宁波作为对象 , 对目前科学和技术资源的现状进行了详细的调查和探索 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	交通事故的损失 , 由于非摩托车司机或行车的驱动员 , 车辆的驱动员不能承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金包装商 " 项目 , 因此政府将购买一辆新的汽车 , 以代替旧能源工程车已广泛应用 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	本文对双共振参数振荡的阈值条件进行了分析 , 当信号光的吸收系数不同时 , 采用双共振振振振振荡的影响 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人参观一个外国或甚至访问香港 , 我们自己国家的一部分 , 很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	支持者在2007年8月15日在加拿大卡萨斯州国家集装建筑外准备了一大不可移动的数字 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	利用计算机仿真方法对agw电接触材料的抗电阻率、w组件和孔隙度的影响进行了研究 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰和美学的传统规定 , 具有良好的表现和对称的表现 , 因此它被称为中国诺 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	在洛杉矶到华盛顿的城市 , d.c , 作为反war抗议员阻止了主要的交通 , 一些链接自己一起 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为一种由多计算机组成的下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它通过异步序列端口交换命令和数据采集系统 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的请求越来越关键于微波传输设备的性能包括模板、分割器 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	春子的历史观 , 圣与道之间的关系不仅具有逻辑一致性 , 而且在不同历史时期有丰富多样的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许芝加达与客户请求的颜色发送香蕉 , 这些颜色会在9点的尺寸上下降到深黄色的任何地方 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	这里 , 在一个网站上 , 一旦加工核燃料棒 , 建立了一个不寻常的纺织厂 , 为了提供汽车建筑业 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	同时也证明了一种高度的生殖性 , tcb是一种非侵入性、简单、便捷的监测和屏幕设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	一千英尺的地下 , 晶体的洞穴只是一系列闪烁的洞穴之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	kopeckweage表现主要表现于击击性能 , 在赛季中赛季 , 在比赛kopeck拍摄平均只有36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	由于最小侵入性手术仍然是 " 主要 " 手术 , 所有常见的并发症如心脏病 , 卒中甚至死亡很少有可能 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	建江 , 深圳县位于明早清时期 , 是新南艺术学院的首席领袖 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了纳米胶囊材料的智能化热调节原理 , 建立了理想的热吸热模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学 , 程序 , 计算机 , 系统管理 , 正确 , 始终为我们的目标建立最佳产品 , 满足客户满足质量的程序 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山大黄金矿是我国第一个艰难的岩石矿 , 采用机械上升的水平滑板 , 阻止钻头填充方法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	数据库表中的所有值都是由用户提供的同一密码 , 同样加密算法和相同的cipher模式所提供的 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	选取了这部电影 , 一个由比尔伯龙美洲8个世界级旅行者 , 8个外国国家 , 总有万纳贝和一支挑战的珠宝 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	逆向拱形弯曲曲曲形式 , 轻微地传递 , 连续玻璃包装 , 环绕着...
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	本文叙述了宝钢家庭设备的进展 , 提出了生产质量、品种和问题 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	五十世纪早期的工艺运动 , 拒绝整个机构 , 试图通过强调机器和电影 , 强调当代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	前部的劳动合同体系 , 注意到许多问题 , " 第五条要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同有效时间提供有效的合同 。 "
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品、个人数字协助、观看钟、各种仪器、办公机、电脑、汽车玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它的原本意义是 , 狐狸借着老虎的功能 , 使其扩展的意义是由某人影响的影响而吹嘘人们 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马高血压大鼠中药的心保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	例如 , 建立了水电工程 , 为铝电解厂提供的电力量提供了实际需求 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	它是吸烟烟叶的类型 , 烟叶和烟雾暴露量的烟雾暴露 , 使烟草的烟草叶留下了明显的味道 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们集中在基于多级分区策略的指标和搜索器设计的基础上 , 提出了一种新的指标分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:研究血流变化对大脑功能活动的影响 , 比较血流变化前后rpd恢复后血流变化的影响 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	给出了多变量预测极分配自调控制回收算法的稳定性和全局转换性能 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种制造平板热管的方法 , 包括以下步骤:提供上盖板和下盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	寺里的主要建筑是大厦、超级大厅、钟塔、脚本电离 " 中晚铃 " 的第一层地板 , 映射河的第一层地板 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于沥青混凝土材料的温度依赖于自然 , 测量的反射 , 因此对温度变化的结构能力 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年吴丽在国内地位和国际地位的战略目标中占据了上海的战略目标 , 作为对人口理性规模的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	采用氨基合成气体 , 可以直接制备脂肪氮的催化氢 , 而非纯氢 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	另外 , 学者认为:itch基本意识到 , 特别是用浅层皮肤剪辑制作的边界感觉经验 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 该系统可以使用软件或硬件处理紧急事件 , 如给出异常、电源、停止电、停电等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是符合经济的重要手段 , 税收管理的安排可以大大地影响非稳定企业的发展 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	根据liftport说 , 如果利比昂被抛弃 , 顶部将会燃烧在大气中 , 底部将会燃烧到地面 " 的地面 " 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	当德国核反应堆最终被关闭的时候 , 这个示威将来到一天前 , 阿格拉·默克尔的中央联盟 , 是因为德国核反应堆的日期 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	应用隐喻理论、家庭的道德体系和当代美国当代政治研究总统演讲的两个意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	内部人士指出 , 两家公司现在将在更低利润销售 , 预计该市场份额 , 依靠高利润游戏的应用 , 获得利益 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 随着世界上最快的疾病负担的迅速增长 , 今天 , 许多地区的病例被报告在疾病前所免费 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫菲利亚社会的调查显示 , 超过70%的关注时期的关注 , 这些时期已经发表到gp , 一项调查了600名女性在1645岁以上的女性 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会遇到转换xml数据的任务 , 将xhtml转换成xhtml , 传递一个吸引力 , 互动 , 以及用于移动用户和各种浏览器的接口 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	就像一个保存的职业生涯咨询员或金融计划员一样 , 正确的顾问可以帮助您建立一个固体基础 , 以及一旦你打开你的门 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢现在的奥运会 , " 奥运会是曼联航天飞机的下一代 , 被一些nasa工程师描述为 " apollo " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	工作进入wee小时完全失去工作平衡 , 导致你失去爱人时 , 越来越多的时候 , 导致你失去睡眠的时候 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在库德兰传奇中 , 节日庆祝库尔德的交付 , 被视为库尔德原因的另一种表示支持 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	第一类乘客可以直接为同样的价格 , 为了自由 , 教练乘客支付6美元的渠道吸烟 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动的3倍 , 现在比越南等地方更昂贵 , 为什么我们也没有努力生产廉价国家 , 如果我们也有这样的话 , 那么我们也没有做出努力呢 ?
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选择适合加强方法 , 比较各种加强方案 , 如注射根桩、非滑桩、锚杆等 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是他的辞职可能接受 , 但没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫的官方官员告诉金融时报告说 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文综合利用图像处理中多尺寸小波分解和苏珊操作符 , 然后快速获得特征点的位置 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	一项 " 坏苹果 " 可以传播消极行为 , 比如病毒带来办公室友或者破坏良好的团队 , 根据工作场的一项新的研究对策 , 就像是一个病毒的负面行为 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 所有产品开发能力 , " 日本第三个社会网络操作员yoshikazu塔纳卡 , 首席执行官日本第三名社交网络操作员yoshikazu塔纳卡 " 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还发出了这张东西的照片 , 告诉我关于生涯者 , 或者 " 妈妈 " 的照片 , 因为他们称之为 " 年轻的海地女性 , 大多数是自己的家庭 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	在这里 , 我想要警告所有的亲戚 , 接近我 , 这些服务将使用所有的手段 , 试图杀死和液体 , 社交或专业 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	但是很快关注雨林的转变 , 比如气候变化和有机农业 , 现在亚马逊在1980年代就消失了相同的速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	该公司说 , 可以提高这样大的圆形 , 因为可编程逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利的部分 , 谷歌标准65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第十四条政府可能要求通信企业采取必要的紧急措施 , 应对自然灾害事件或紧急事件的公共利益 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他集中注意到公司已经允许用户在网站上做什么 , 通过音乐播放器应用程序和第三方开发人员 , 其中许多来自第三方开发人员 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生找到了一名劳动员 , 他的妻子拿了一份工作 , 看着家庭两个孩子 , 一个女儿刘俊和他们的儿子刘京俊 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	由于在博物馆捐赠的战争纪念品中 , 高级利物浦比杭 , 负责接受战争记忆的负责 , 然而 , 没有人知道谁le.tuan是谁知道的 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	有一个全球文件更新意味着头痛的更新 , 只要记住在添加或删除用户时更新它 , 然后通过scap把它推出所有的箱子 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	根据我们的客户建议 , 我们买了几个关键字的url , 因为任何地方从100美元到400美元 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何从websphere环境中获取自定制管理客户端的信息 , 但如何把信息推到监控工具中 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	本文重点建立了一种合理的数据结构 , 实现了固体建模的基本功能 , 如旋转、振动、剖面观等 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	贝利斯环81年 , 福特·科拉多 , 科罗拉多看着丹佛投资足球体育领域的轮椅演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	沃尔夫拉姆特别兴奋的一个开发 , 是利用沃尔夫拉姆阿尔法的能力来理解和计算自然语言查询 , 以便创建数学计划 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一位年轻的婚姻女士在一个孤立的农场上工作 , 自然感觉到一天 , 她突然感觉到有欲与之交流的渴望 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者预计在工作文化、接触、编写应用和学习专业协会的6090分钟内花费6090分钟的新顾问 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经移动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军船与多样的海军舰和一个坦克尔在120英里半径运行的检索操作中说 , 工作人员在120英里的辐射中被运行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	卡萨斯 , 委内瑞拉 , 一个飞机于周一在东部委内瑞拉的51人撞击 , 官员说 , 至少14人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	全国公布的一名突破 , 由国家揭示当局正在寻求7590名中国、50名美国、40名马来西亚人和3470名英国人 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好看起来 , 一个女人在科罗拉多丹佛商学院学院学习的工作机会 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安德里亚皮尔洛早期被防御墙带来了一场自由的自由基础 , 而克拉斯种子和crp都在防御中受到了一半的影响 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京林北京的第一记录是第一个记录的第一个记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	据世界新闻社报道 , 英国王子威廉将于2012年嫁给他的长期女朋友凯特·米德尔顿 , 在伦敦奥林匹克时期 , 英国王子威廉将于2012年在伦敦奥运会上婚姻 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户邮件文件设置使用inotes6.ntf模板时 , 它继承了该模板中的所有设计元素 , 并且继承共享文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 采用两步法制备的非晶塑料 , 主要用于htma , 这种转化过程将释放在htma中 , 将腐蚀铜或铜部件 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是克拉珀铁路的高度依赖于火箭 , 包括火箭 , 包括火箭 , 包括火箭 , 一个饮食稳定 , 现在他们将在石油到达的地方 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	俄罗斯援助组织在圣彼得堡的俄罗斯援助组织的俄罗斯援助组织说: " 政府说 , 所有的东西都很好 。 "
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们发现 , 没有一类药物 , " a线规划局副司阿普罗对抗药物部门的副司阿尔·普森说 , " 这并非仅仅仅是主要药物 。 "
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	结果表明 , 三角质瘤tr6和糖尿病ceviecb2的神经生物量与ergostine的内容有较好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试完成率 , 综述了2008年1月和2009年2月艾滋病艾滋病患者的所有临床病例记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	在中国 , 采取准确的犯罪是一个困难的任务 , 数以百万名移民工人在全国的官方地址在城市的机会中留下了他们的官方地址 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳市地铁车辆通信控制系统 , 提出了trb模式实际运行的实现原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	采用有机磷酸盐 , 改进的马来石墨绿色染色 , 形成稳定的有机磷酸酯 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页的总长度 , 由学校委员会授予的120多名医生 , 决定是平衡主义 , 二分之二没有指出圣经图 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	澳大利亚和美国科学家昨天在一份报告发布的报告中发现 , 那些年轻的爸爸 , 孩子们的父亲可能比去年轻的智慧更少 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	采用wmtc测试循环的评价标准系统 , 研究了wmtc测试循环的危险特性 , 与ftp、ece等排放测试循环的差异 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	艾伦·唐的原创是女性叙事 , 由作家的性质决定 , 并证明女性解构大师的女性 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频扫描技术的高频电磁抗凝设备的机理、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一个源泉 , 我们可以从巴基安东个人生活经验、宗教情感和对中国外文学遗产影响 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的放射图检查显示 , 两组中有很多原因 , 经过4周后 , 格拉斯观察显示了大量的骨轨迹 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	沃尔斯哈德里尔说: " 所有的狐狸都从拉里尼斯和所有垃圾扔下来的垃圾堆积和复合物 。 "
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	根据所提出的原理 , 设计了50个名为fus50l的l小说生物反应器 , 建立了plot和生产范围的数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	利用2007版本的营养数据系统 , 利用饮食糖尿病检测了消费 , 并通过测回收猪肉的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scapio合作数据 , 其他普通银行的股票比较低 , 根据scapio合作数据 , 顾问银行在hsbc的私人银行只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据popsugar报道 , 我们将于今天2月2日在奥斯卡举行一起看约翰市长詹尼弗·安妮弗·安妮弗·安妮安妮安妮·安东走过红色地毯 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后提出了相应的交际倾向、上下文通信、低文通信等两种相应的交际倾向 , 对解释活动的影响很大 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和cello在anata中得到了相等的作用 , 18世纪的钢琴索纳塔格式与仪式奥巴马相结合 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	布莱利亚特 , 伊斯兰和威特 , 他在传统共和党中赢得了选举 , 成功成为一个活动主义、进步总统 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	koller是印象的 , 尽管它可能在眼睛操作中有用 , 两个月后就试图出来 , 首先在动物上 , 然后在自己的眼睛完成 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价了50型糖尿病患者中p300的诊断价值 , 以及30例健康控制组 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 这些障碍和家庭每天晚上都有很多关心每个旅游的影子 , 就像是一个宫殿墙上的一个法庭美丽 ;
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过对非封闭载体的基本特点进行分析 , 阐述了其在船舶索赔方面的识别和限制 , 以及货物上的可靠性 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和我的第二个兄弟到阿哈默德堡时 , 一些热情的朋友通过印刷出版 , 发表一份复印 , 给我带来了惊讶的朋友 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当企业提交企业收入税收回时 , 金融声明和其他相关资料应根据相关规定附加 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些表明 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是某些先天性畸形的重要地区因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几项研究表明 , 低中层执行人员表现出许多应激症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、紧张等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡肉和棕色米干燥猫 , 只有五个纯纯纯净的成分 , 才能满足特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	本片提名了柏林金九九九九九九九九九九九九九九年奖 , 但缺乏 " 美国优秀电影 " 的红色 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型具有较高的预测能力 , 显示了预测短期气候的可实现方法 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	反war地壳带来了数千名反对示威者 , 其中包括2 , 000名在密西西西西比亚州的国务院外收集了2 , 000人 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检测中心位于工厂生产质量检测和省轴承产品质量检查的任务 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	在埃及的埃及hierglyphs寺和rams的寺庙中 , 全文的处理文本被加入到埃及的埃及的埃及地区 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据wanjiagou水库拱坝设计 , 阐述了其特殊问题和解决施工方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	室内试验得到的坝材料的可靠动态参数是地震坝动力学分析精度的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验 , 如果android市场是苹果苹果商店的独特替代 , 或者探索许多特点和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	本文研究了两缸同步的液压系统 , 精确定向 , 设计了满足要求的同步系统的同步系统 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数每年增长率仍然不变 , 负面23.9% , 前周的数字从负面24.1%修正了更高的负面增长率 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、丝、毛、金属、合成纤维、混合、服装、婴儿等类型的衣服和清洗 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间尺寸数据的多规模空间时空数据的组织框架 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了寻找并解决adsl线故障时 , 用户访问网络时 , 我们引入了一个类型的adsl故障检测ing仪器的ng仪器 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	在快速交换过程平衡之后 , 通过差动力学方程来处理缓慢交换过程 , 可作为脉冲交换中心系统 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	地形来自美国航天卫星上所采集的高级空间热排放和反射辐射器的数字排放数据 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种关闭型环境风引导设备 , 属于能源电力技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	海徽是一种传统必要基金的暂时互助 , 总是组织金和邻居之间的组织 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨腹腔镜改变腹腔切除术中的手术指标、手术方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在根据指导下 , 著名的专利防火制造公司雇佣人才的机械和工程师们继续创新燃烧开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	这位19岁的阿罗德是他在20个队伍下的常规 , 是利物浦第二个字符串的联赛冠军上赛季的关键表演者 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	树枝不断扩展 , 所有的叶子都离开了颜色 , 泥浆绿色和棕色 , 与天空融合在一个遥远的灰色没有什么东西 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	体育馆复杂是中国2008年夏季奥运会在北京和周围地区建造的大型体育设施之一 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是khan先生被打击不平等性引发了新的hmmers破坏了无尽的沙特镇 , 而且越来越多的部落政治的增长 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国食品安全分析单位和一些知名警告项目称 , 南索马利亚的农民正在增长越来越糟糕 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	关注eobjct的脚印实现也是注意的 , 其中一些客户使用它来达到60%的脚印 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc说 , 法国阿尔卑斯的玻璃师在过去的四十年里失去了四分之一的地区 , 法国阿尔卑斯大学的科学家萨佛尼大学的科学家研究表明 , 过去的四分之一 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样和统计意义的基本基础 , 将帮助你理解人口的可能性 , 更好地理解结果的理解和解结果的意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国王子德国王子威廉·威廉二世 , 他命令军队在维登的战争中 , 并在世界大战中宣布冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	web页必须在基于b/s模型的桥梁卫生监测系统中显示大量实时数据 , 频繁更新页面的实时数据 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新型网站混凝土表面 , 随着塑料和保温材料覆盖 , ( hscmt条件维修 , 混凝土不得水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在我们当地报纸中 , 有一篇文章 , 由于昆特里德里德的报纸引入的 " 医生闭上药品销售员 " 的玩具插图 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们的前锋迈克尔·福塞尔提醒我们在开幕季度内能做什么 , 布鲁斯很高兴把他带回双明翰线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	新闻采用先进的二路车阀系统 , 进口的电泵泵技术可以实现双闭环控制压力和流速的控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了基于mcgs配置软件和siemens7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的控制系统的设计和配置过程 ;
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素的胰岛素分泌是一种复杂的过程 , 如果它不能正确地诱导糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	岭岭山大佛山 , 江苏省小陵岭山地区的陵山山山山大山 , 陵山大佛位于青山 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这就是为什么我选择 " 美国公民教育 " 作为我研究领域的原因 , 文学收集和比较的研究方法都采用了文学收集和比较的方法 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节 , 迈阿米热和德维亚·瓦德将采取克莱夫兰队员和莱布伦詹姆斯在联赛中最好的两名年轻球员的比赛 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这是为什么网络设计师 , 他们的密切合金 , 班纳 , 总部和福特设计师 , 可以为一个好的网页头提供50美元 , 更多的完整设置 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	本文通过对武术中应用的动力学技术和解决问题的研究 , 提出了一种可用于武术艺术中的语音学技术 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 企业人力资本的价值主要来自会计视角 , 专门评估人力资本的评估是很少的 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文提出了一种基于有限的简单分解算法 , 解决了rsd的主问题的最大问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	港口是烹饪岛屿 , 或者太平洋岛屿最受全球变暖威胁 , 它们很快就不会消失 , 很快就不会消失 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳yirui电子有限公司是一家专业led制造商 , 2006年成立的r&d、生产、销售和服务 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥·费迪南德将于周一在英国体育场遭遇后 , 周一将导致中场访问老交易 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	187年 , 范戈格在巴黎绘画了 " 草地 " , 它挂在巴黎的克鲁尔默尔博物馆东部的荷兰东部城市的克鲁尔默尔博物馆 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目标是确定15名超重男性葡萄糖耐药的急性效果 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际观点来看 , 消费者价值福利 , 因此更好的市场访问可能由于生产商保证他们的浮动中好福利 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	绿色span先生保持着中国和其他因素在全球范围内的发展 , 而且不仅在美国 , 为了全球范围内的房屋增长提供了巨大的贡献 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	本文根据工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群的新型空间经济方式 , 不同于市场和层次系统的空间经济 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 把她所有的甜蜜都放在湖里 , 滑进了那里:那么折叠自己 , 最亲爱的 , 你就走进我身上 , 就丢掉了我 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 查尔先生的移动都会增加奥巴马在国会上获得自己的国内代表的机会 , 提高他在法院的自由能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年 , 新兰为我参加了一个纸灯制造商 , 在最近的一轮南京的混乱庙中 , 就有同样的事情 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	这些美丽的承诺 , 这些美丽的笑容在照片上 , 就像阳光一样温暖 , 在右手中慢慢地冻结了曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先的反向是一种更高优先任务阻碍的现象 , 因为它们在实时系统中使用同样的股票源 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 计算了由计算机数值控制和位置跟踪误差误差的工具位置点计算机数值控制和位置跟踪误差 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	利用废弃废弃的材料和整体建筑站 , 实现了狭窄区域的理性布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强学生培养的实践教学 , 重视学生培养的思想和创新能力 , 使学生培养的能力得到显著的成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度变化受到热带传热模式影响的天然海洋循环流动 , 影响热带传热模式的影响 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福志的解释没有疑问地从天地和地球到儒家人类关注的时候降解了庄子的小雅 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些浓度较大 , 使蓝色钛高度挥发 , 爆炸 , 使晶体极其危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司处理其他婚礼摄影师的手工图像处理 , 同时也教他们使用光室2 , 这样他们可以节省时间和金钱处理自己的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了小鼠混合体的组织文化及组织变化的dna水平 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	其大学成立于575年 , 是研究理论、科学和医学的研究中心 。 人口04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	我临床试验表明 , 米夫210对健康志愿者有很好的口腔生物可用性 , 达到高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	用30种不同类型水稻品种和混合品种 , 研究了大米产率与ratoon作物的相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用中心定理和正常形式分析了地图的局部编码两个分布 , 并用霍普菲福克案例对该地图进行分析 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	银行员工涉及印尼的海啸恢复说 , 政府计划 , 社区重建是自然灾难反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 马西安的父亲玛丽安说 , 一个挣扎着景观的农民 , 树木在繁忙的城市中使用 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指标或主要键字段来选择q应用程序的关键列 , 使用q应用程序使用来识别复制行和正确秩序事务 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	然而 , 伟大的灵魂已经拒绝了神话的自然 , 阿拉杰a , 渲染派的服务 , 让我知道我成为所有创造的不可思想的源泉 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能机构宣布 , 日本已经增加了第三个植物 , 因为辐射在墙外被检测 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出的 " 现状 " 不仅考虑到明春时期发展的重要阶段 , 也是他对理论基础的文学活动的重要阶段 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	燕ovchomsky指出 , 气体供应的多样化也增加 , 使天然气出口的实现变得更加灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统容易安装和操作 , 但由于有限能力 , 但不能满足大型泡沫项目的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	弗格森提醒罗尼在加拿州、罗伊·凯恩和戴维·贝克汉姆的长期以前 , 没有让明星球队的运动力 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	作为约翰f.肯尼迪1969年的故事结束了约翰f.肯尼迪1969年的故事结束 , 爱迪现在在这里看到 , 肯尼迪将他们作为深刻的完整性的人 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣在天堂前作为祭祀官员 , 不要追求自己的幸福 , 而且对地球上人类的利益而言 , 耶稣为自己提供了自己的幸福 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社交责任可以帮助增加顾客的反应 ? 如果这样 , 那么 , 那么这项研究是怎样回答这些问题 。
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利茨菲尔德说 , 他在1月警告的问题 , 希望该公司在1月发布了一组季度安全模式时将定义旗帜 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	几百万 , 因为他最初建议的时候 , 盖茨将有10%的财富 。 所以 , 比如数百万 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 玩家 " 杂志创始人hghhhhefner表示 , 他正在考虑结婚女友晶体哈利斯 , 84岁的女友 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	通过建立目标运动模型和动力杀死车的动力学模型 , 给出了拦截的约束 , 并给出了轨道转移的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金安也著名于春天城市 , 山水丰富的地下水位于北方 , 城市地区和形成许多春季 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两眼 , 让他们欢迎他们 , 是对他们来说的 , 所以他们都与他们的心都代表了他们的姐姐们在他们年轻中做过的邪恶 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信当数字在危险时 , 触摸到山区或山区 , 甚至通过信号很坏 , 警方知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	今天 , 重复生活 , 我们用自己的小头适合许多概念 , 意义 , 公式...但这里充满了痛苦和笑容后面的痛苦和泪水 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	这点 , 巴菲特在中国所有的表现中重复 , 是通过辞职斯坦福德 , 试图在音乐中做出同样的事情 , 他正在做同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	因此我们建议基于你的特殊要求 , 建议基于电线制造商的价值 , 可以不同于电弧温度和室内温度的制造商 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	可能吸收和散射红外的烟雾屏幕 , 重视引导头的能量 , 然后降低导弹射击的概率 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文重点从小设置字符识别出来 , 基于keleton图形、手写中国字符作为一组孤立的分支、分离环和组件之间的关系 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被视为现代艺术的重要人物 , 是现代艺术的一个领导人 , 由于他的智能绘画理论 , 因此 , 他对现代艺术作出了巨大的贡献 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	北京佛罗斯特和苏利夫an的首席顾问王元泉告诉说 , 北京的宣布是一个潜在的警告 , 太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	与此相反 , 香港正在感受中国竞争的热量 , 经济正在激烈的经历了1980年代末的最快三年的增长 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高层建筑中沉降差异的原因及防止措施 , 指出了建筑后的特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我在未来两年里看不到任何变化 , " 约翰·交易 " 说 , 一位50岁的个人投资者在沃尔丁·克里克工作的沃伦·克莱维克工作 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾经见过过过的最伟大的老师 , 没有可见的努力 , 让学生们看起来像一个隐蔽的、社会对话 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	扫描4提供了一个小组熟悉的字符 , 包围一个恐怖电影设置 , 把自我引用的一个线程作为身体数量的单线 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另一个有关电视政府继承的问题 , 更好的是 , 假设人们在广播时看到的过程 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到2月24日 , 当美国航空部队获得了波宁法律的kcx竞争时 , ead已经出现了强大的机会 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新传统媒体的大师 , 有些宗教领导人 , 很少有一些政府有着全球影响的能力 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师建议使用高速公共交通的快速运输方式 , 最便宜的公共交通方案 , 增加了自行车和行业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个老式系统可能存储 " 狗 " 的术语 , 更广泛的 " 哺乳 " 和狭窄的 " 大型 " 或 " 小型 " 的词汇 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在明珠眼中 , 吴明是高雅的青少年 , 小心地讲话 , 努力接受强烈、快速思维、实践工作困难 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	另外 , 从未确认的用户输入中构建的连接字符串串串串串串串串串串串串串串串串串串串输入 , 在数据源中的jeopard化安全 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着辩论继续 , 唐金先生需要与事实相比 , 尤其是在美国 , 普通人在1970年代以来看到他们的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎您的朋友社区 , 并且由所有学生的尊敬显然是一个非常成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是从你的工资中付出自己 , 然后支付你的信用者 。 在那个单一行动中 , 你告诉宇宙 , 值得更多的价值 , 并且要求更多的价值 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建筑下 , 矿井估计含有4000万吨铜和4600万盎司的金矿 , 应该在2012年开始运行 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	因此 , 德罗斯·罗斯小孩原本设置了28年4月28日的发射日期 , 当海尔达尔在太平洋的漫画旅行时 , 他在太平洋上设立了他的诗歌旅行 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 利用新型粮食转化 , 可提高醋酸性指标和柠檬酸性指标 , 提高淋巴细胞的转化 , 可提高新型粮食的改性 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还注意到 , 当寻找问题的解决方案时 , 应该考虑朝鲜半岛的核化 , 解决dprk的安全问题的安全问题时 , 应该给出相当的考虑 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:采用家庭动态问卷调查和家庭环境规模版对21例患者进行抑郁和178例正常控制 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要商业利润是负责、股东和用户的重要指标 , 是审计工作的主要任务 , 是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	分析和探讨了ssh6700光总线地板中te第一交叉成员的破坏现象 , 提出了基于基础的3结构改进计划 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了水绿空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保水绿空间的需求和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业研究 , 他们可以获得公务员或政治部门的机会 , 获得更高的社会地位 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	在作家眼睛美丽的眼睛里 , 一个古老的野生 , 它保持了几代世界生活 , 解释了许多努力的努力呢 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 许多研究发现 , 社会科学主要成功在于技术培训或前职业课程中取得了更大的管理成功 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临着从市场和银行的双重限制 , 导致银行贷款的支付问题 , 难以提高资金和工作资本缺乏的问题 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	通过实验和创新 , 介绍了废弃碱溶液在循环氧化单元中的不完整分离的解决方法 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的恢复角落 , 黑色的服装灯片是蒂宁和珊瑚的单个人沙发和脚趾 , 使个人有休息的好地方 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽安·莱恩特·雪登:希望您可以建立一个国际jci标准医院 , 让所有母亲和婴儿在中国都能获得最好的医疗保健和同一步的医疗保健 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计在联合国30季度最后一个领导下克服psveinoven , 将提供切尔西的机会 , 最终与合并者一起获得切尔西 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会应由三个或五个人组成 , 这是执行官任命的 , 以及海洋法院的拍卖人员和调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	埃尔吉奥·贝尔蒙后 , 瑜伽贷款到巴黎 , 另一个巴黎 , 还剩下了巴黎 , 是年轻西班牙球员艾尔瓦·费尔瓦 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的第六届会议的第六大多数 , 为目前和谐文化建设和谐文化建设提供了一系列的整体和具体的安排 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为了这样做 , 使用该发现实用性来定位和评估您在过去一段时间内访问的所有文件 , 或者在过去的任何日期或分段 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据北京龙口矿业公司的潜艇软岩支持工程 , 提出了用途支持和路径互动的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用trypan蓝染色排除试验 , 分析7690株荧光染色及传输电镜的细胞生长和分化 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna内表面的吸附性 , 采用pvccccv作为主要原材料 , 探讨hcvrna的吸附性 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	利用有限元软件 , 建立了双滚带铸件的固化模型 , 利用有限元软件模拟了带铸件的固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcur&d部门 , 作品将在特殊的22stmcu文学奖项杂志上发布 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水表面的蒸发 , 相对湿度随地表面的增加而增加 , 阳光小时降低 , 风速降低 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	1912年 , 美国科学家wilburl.soville在美国科学家wilburl.scoville上命名 , 研制了一个测试卡佩斯尼奇素的水平 , 创造了基利的化学水平 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖升高到一定程度时 , 饱和的中央问题疾病信号 , 如果所有营养物 , 降低自行产品 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 穿过只有兴奋 , 我很重兴奋 , 我手中拿着一条蜡烛 , 手里 , 手里有一部分的砖作业 , 站在我老婆的尸体之后 , 站在那里 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每个人十指的每个人都留下了一个不同的印象 , 皮肤的弹性使皮肤的弹性使皮肤的弹性变得不可能精确地留下相同的手指印象两倍 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理局副主任香梅表示 , " 七月份北京各级火山酒店的订购率在7月增加了一百分之一 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放比较低 , 因为充足的河流系统饲料足够的水电发电机发电人员提供了70%的电需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	设计了采用浮动mos的d开发电路 , 为了介绍dflipfloppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp应用 , 设计了d
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	每年 , 由于100英寸的雨水 , 奥林匹克国家公园下降 , 永远绿树上升 , 满足奥林匹克山谷的福格林 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超原融合蛋白质细胞因子实际上是抗原艺术的替代 , 具有目标功能 , 是抗原的新前瞻性介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一个小心的计划 , 组织努力完成一个特定的一次努力 , 例如 , 构建建一个建立或实现一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	利用spore污染分析、扫描电镜和c14异位测试 , 确定了混合层的地质原因及其分布特征 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人们希望理解正确的三大营养 , 这些三大营养都注意力 , 首先控制动物 , 随着年龄的增加 , 逐步降低 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了让朋友 , 朋友 , 印度的心 , 情绪疲惫 , 帮助手 , 诚信合作 , 互利 , 明天创造一个更好的明天 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国在新疆、边境巴基斯坦和阿富汗西部的巴基斯坦穆斯林保险集团加入了巴基斯坦合作 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀被用来缓解粗糙线中的气流 , 它们防止管道和容器的流动 , 尤其是真空安装中的污染 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食物容易也可以用来描述某些食物不清楚的基础的症状较少的收集 , 一些人在消费某些食物中受到某些食物的影响 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	物理化学物理化学的沸腾点升高 , 似乎与蒸汽蒸馏相比 , 实际上 , 它们是不同的原则 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	锁定器是悬浮桥段的特殊设备 , 主要有两种优化型和液压升降型 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家宝在与郭燕娜总理萨米尔在访问中国的工作访问中遇到了巨大的国务院会议 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应当是自然的冲突现实 , 分析了人民陪审选、培训、法律实施监督的几个元素 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	本文在本章的基础上 , 分为九部分 , 分为 " 原文 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了利用efe矩阵法对机构转换的定量外部环境进行扫描 ;
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	工作变得悲伤 , 沃尔兰的孩子开始意识到他们的父亲是一个暴力的怪物 , 每天恐惧他们的母亲 , 拒绝喂他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章详细阐述了图像创造、特殊语言结构的影响 , 以及中国古典诗歌文本安排的正式主义 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 根据集体身份的理论假设 , 分别了欧洲身份的理论 , 分为两个方面:道德主义和建设主义两个方面 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	利用燃烧噪声法对二甲醚发动机噪声的影响因素进行了研究 , 并用燃烧噪声法和有效解决噪声降低噪声的有效解 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	天球攻击食品价格已经增加了人们对超越饥饿和哺乳营养的更大挑战 , 美国千年发展目标 " 福特 " 的发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上以来 , 他和67岁的叔叔在狩猎过程中遇到了麻烦 , 冰浮在那里 , 他站在那里 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素被授权或帕克里尼的时尚调节 , 如氧ocin、前列腺和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	2004年2月初 , 过去的多种鳄鱼被描述为2004年2月初 , 这些鳄鱼是相对竞争力和正常类型表面的正常英语 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果您已经访问它时不能读取数据 , 那么解密密钥被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它 , 因为供应商使用它自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是那些穿着金色和银色的网站 , 蓝色和绿色的网站 , 让他穿过他的脚 , 触摸自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	依靠旅游资源的优越条件 , 山西省目前著名于它的复合文化 , 同时在其化合物的竞争开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常在布利顿的书中缺乏 , 允许孩子们有力:旅行和烹饪自我、访问魔术的土地或解决神话的神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	高粘聚合衍生过程的一个关键问题是开发高效质量传输装置 , 提高表面再生率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学项目对心脏病人不仅能提高知识的影响 , 而且降低疾病的确定程度和抑郁程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果总有效率为93.3% , 62.2% , 高于ns和ns的口腔妊娠组 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	英国的游戏是一个强大的美国风俗 , 鼓励民间团体的鼓励 , 教会也被教会所承担 , 交换需要的收入 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	箱12:盖尔斯的重量应该在这里展示 , 其他测量e.g.体积或数量的单元 , 表明当客户时可以使用 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	跨越高速公路 , 远离深圳国际机场 , 港口仅从广州新白云国际机场离开了几十公里 , 一个小时的速度 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体系的建设 , 国民经济的迅速发展 , 增强人类生活标准 , 医药和医疗保健业已经迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的第二楼将是透明的 , 亭台将符合香港人民的想象和创造力 , 香港人民的董事长nghonwing说 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说: " 球员能有很好的技能 , 但他的才能不会意味着他自己并不适合工作的话 , " 他说 。
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍了中国纺织品的出口现状 , 尤其是从音量和消耗出口价格的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	加热玻璃的不同规格 , 但我保证干燥质量 , 加热系统下面 , 喷嘴位置下方应该容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	这种不同的来源是美国人 , 俄罗斯·史蒂纳和我们的朋友对地球的合适和谐作用进行了影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	现有的23对夫妻属于人类最好的张的妻子和幽默 , 他的政治雄心 , 态度和亲戚的附属 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	虽然土耳其倾向于温暖和透露 , 你的平均格鲁吉亚似乎更加自我包含并且储备的自我 , 但不完全相似于你的平均英国 , 真的不相似 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	展示了它的形状 , 试图吸引更少暴力的棕色蜘蛛的注意力 , 生物揭示了黄色、绿色和蓝色的幽默 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告显示 , 我不会再去杀手 , 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 球员们认为 , 我认为 , 什么是无耻的 , 我觉得阿尔登是无耻的 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省 , 如资源 ? 鱼 , 森林 , 矿物 , 现在石油 ? 那个外国人已经证明了 , 有时候 , 有时只剩下的货物 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校已经开始分离一些教训的性别 , 说它已经消除了男孩的 " 桃子效应 " , 并且提供了更等等的老师时间 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	在回顾中 , kafka是一个新闻尝试适应kafka的工作复杂性 , 并且在soderbergh的广告实验中隐藏在soderbergh的工作中 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界大战之后 , 亨利福特和普通汽车的一般汽车从世界上搬迁了世界上世纪的工艺生产导致欧洲企业进入大众生产的时代 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	例如 , 波普金教授说 , 美国学校还需要提高营养 , 学校可能有许多人会考虑垃圾食物的供应商 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	但是wga西总统帕特里·弗尔蒙在星期六晚上告诉300多名作家 , 此次袭击只有在选票批准合同之后才能结束 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	amoi是一家著名的国内移动电话制造企业 , 因为a8年 , amoi将在2002年和2003年获得很多钱的手机 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这可能会有效 , 记住大多数观察局面 , 但每个组件都有很多听众 , 而且插入和删除很大程度上都是由传统的 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信仰拥有丰富的马祖寺 , 丰富的诗歌与福建商人活动密切相关 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这个硅小的性娃是我们在2016年市场上独特的设计 , 性爱的日本纯洁女孩 , 女性真正的男人 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:当时的时候 , 穆斯塔切让一块回来的谣言 , 他将为圣弗南多山谷发掘硅谷 , 为了证明了没有资金 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但我们回答说 , 给了他更多的电影 , 不过穿着城市 , 然后在11岁的时候 , 他也许会在这里做 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的自治公司员工 , 同意 " 良好的想法已经被我公司所采用的 " 良好的想法 " 。
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十十二条行为主体物质 , 违约人应当时通知对象或保卫人 , 除非对象不能定位的地方 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	从标准普尔500家公司的收入越来越多 , 最高的经济指标将给投资者提供更多的证据证据 , 整个星期的经济健康 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	根据孔隙结构的分形参数 , 研究了孔隙结构的分形参数 , 研究孔隙结构变化对孔隙结构的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察19例急性综合征综合征心肌纤维化患者的抗水平药物及同步心肌损伤治疗的效果 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论镍钛板固定和可调节的patea骨折减少装置具有良好的疗效 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	2006年 , 深圳锡马克电缆技术有限公司是中国 " 结构通信解决方案 " 的领先供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油密封 , 模具橡胶部件 , 硅钩 , 密封 , 密封 , 重型汽车 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人住宅位于北京东城区的东城区 , 是一个传统的 " 海云 " 类型的住宅类型 , 法院院院院院是房子中心的中心 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性金钱 , 女性金钱不受限制 , 但有相同的重量和复杂 , 艺术触摸是染色的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳市电信技术有限公司是一家研究、开发、销售、服务的专业led屏幕制造商 , 成为数字控制信息的专业领域屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	通过双分子脂肪膜 , 对植物细胞的影响 , 引起了较高的电静电场 , 通过双分子脂肪膜 , 降低了微粒原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsacksack比波罗衬衫更明亮 , 屏幕色彩看起来很好 , 看起来很黑暗的阅读衬衫上的线程颜色 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第一条未来委员会委员会的调整净资本额不超过6%的客户边缘账户的总额 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过测定单层和双层的多弹性丝的测定 , 表明制备的织物的弹性能可以达到媒体或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动态波湿橡胶的机理、结构特点 , 阐述了硫酸和复合肥料生产的应用 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是 , 尽管在上个月的电池工厂上涨的执行 , 尽管政府的反应仍然变得更糟糕 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	针对青岛港口集团整体发展战略的基础 , 提出了提高群体竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	另外 , 在sziit监督层对类性能的观察方面 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验类的性能更活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在36周的孕妇期间 , 单词到达婴儿出生之后 , 父母同意捐赠婴儿心脏 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司首席介绍姜东手工有限公司是一家专业的企业专业生产工艺特色 , 拥有完全少数民族群体的工艺特色 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	插件路由层没有需要维持会话的有限性 , 因为会话界限将由odrs向应用程序服务器提出的时候 , 当请求时 , 请求被授予drs 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	通过调查资料的可能性 , 包括回收玻璃、ucco和mable的可能性 , 建筑师在石材上设置的最佳选项 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金 , 是一家投资服务联合支付 , 中国在线支付提供商 , 以及天中资产管理 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括四个部分 , 是gps差距参考站、gps购买子系统、水下翼、运输数据处理和控制中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为卢克霍姆斯的内容非常完整 , 我特别喜欢前瞻角的故事 , " 路易斯霍说 , " 中央国家的主任路易斯·霍尔说 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:对结合肝脏和肾脏收获的过程 , 1右肾静脉和2左肾动脉损伤 , 肾脏灌注3例 , 肾脏灌注不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	一种由酸化面板分离的两种不同金属的电能来源 , 形成了一系列的主要细胞 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的一封信 , 约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了赫马斯的牧师 , 这是一个书 , 我们在一封写作中包含了我们叫做 " 假设父亲 " 的书 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在德国西部 , 外交部长汉斯特里奇基因斯切托向摩斯科托关闭所有核能植物类似于切尔诺贝尔的核能植物 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	根据单阶段、双阶段和多阶段的各种设计 , 可以根据不同的稳定要求、绝缘和冷却要求进行定制 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件组织是文件组织的著名代谢器 , 他们已经取代了 " 目录 " , 之前在命令行操作系统中使用的命令行操作系统 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	手机 , 语法 , 声音 , 听 , 讲话 , 阅读和写技巧 , 在这个阶段实现突破 , 实现基础 , 建立习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	国防部委员会缺乏法律基础 , 对死刑的审查 , 导致国防运行和保障 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 运动速度强度事件的训练体系可以导致心形和功能的适应变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解决uwb融合系统中长范围行为的大时间jitter错误 , 提出了一种基于晶体频率分割的新型时间系统 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	根据j.帕特里克·戈尔曼创始人j.帕特里克·戈尔曼说 , 大会计公司提供类似的增加 , 根据纽约的cpa创始人j.帕里克·戈尔曼说 , 根据纽约的cpa创始人 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	研究人员对日本血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生率的关系进行了研究 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法对37例学校前学习相对检查标志的患者进行检查 , 并且负面病人不会采取oledochus检查 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	我曾在1984年开始与hitachi的25年以上 , 向hitachi港交付 , 我期待我们的关系继续发展 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	本研究介绍了一种简单、经济动态混凝土试验仪和影响土壤试验仪 , 促进土壤质量的调查 , 提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变化矩阵 , 可以与不同混合数据相比 , 提出了一种基于系统位置选择数据的系统位置 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs已经从全球经济恶化的消费者和商业旅游者的价格敏感性上获得了lccs 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体尤其是脆弱 , 因为他们经常经历了扩大了治疗神经认知并发症的神经认知并发症可能会导致肿瘤本身更多的不良 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 平行处理方法获得了子线性速度 , 实时识别内在模型的实时性要求基本满足了内部模型的时间识别 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	美国红十字会是美国疾病控制中心的合作努力 , 美国联合国基金会 , 美国红十字会 , 美国疾病控制中心 , 预防 , 联合国基金会 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文重点讨论了当代文学发展和认知策略的新现实主义小说的社会历史背景 , 探讨了当代文学发展与认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 阐述了美国联邦政府的腐败 , 来自尼苏 " 先进政治思想和粗糙的官方职业 " 的腐败 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	企业和企业应注重员工心理健康 , 帮助他们通过讲座和心理咨询 , 吴建议 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市大树现象的分析 , 阐述了城市景观森林保护的必要性和紧急性 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘贴剂 , 消毒剂和进口服装放在重量上 , 随着降低葡萄糖离子度的释放 , 作为进口的最佳前提 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	不同构造单元的磁融合状况明显表明 , 岩型分布与岩型分布相一致 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 丹宁也不想卖好 , 他只想看看他们是否能做出任何修复 , 戴宁仁华没有继承他的提议 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	进入制备的mufffin锡 , 填充每个杯三分之二的全球篮子 , 在2025分钟内 , 或者直到金棕色 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	另外 , 重视教学和学习氛围建设的重要性 , 创始人zhiyi保证了良好的教学氛围 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了在内热炉实际运行过程中暴露的问题 , 分析了内热炉的原因 , 提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨肾酸诱导慢性颞叶癫痫的关系及其作用机制 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某种程度来说 , 利用信号检测理论来解释信号检测的过程 , 比对法官的理想假设是合理的 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在有径向柔性机制的情况下 , 抗旋转机制与螺杆包裹表现同步与自补偿之间的磨损 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进的遗传算法在解决高维、多元应变、非线性uc问题上成功 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理和其他相关银行人员应该负责造成17 , 000元人失去责任 , 因此为为为什么他们没有收费 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2由多胺氧化介质细胞死亡 , 超敏反应和防御基因的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	高风险和投资强化 , 促进开发阶段运行流体的不良使用可能导致储层损坏 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	美国 , 他认为 , 需要与伊朗和土耳其合作 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角 " 的活动将促进民主和战争极端主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	1987年 , 美国第一位总统哈比伯伯伯格吉巴的首席教育体系 , 这很难关闭 , 突尼斯人曾经骄傲的突尼斯坦教育体系 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这并不能抑制全自由表达:这并不会失去自由性 ; 实体性 , 同时也是我们同时通信的重要诚信 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她走了 , " 我们是电工程师 , 我们真的需要更多的帮助海洋工程师 , 但让他们需要更多的资金 , 让他们更多的资金 , 我们需要展示一些成功 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把你的妈妈的照片和她的珠宝盒放在这里 , " 米切尔说 , 克里斯特觉得很幸运 , 想让她快乐 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为瑜伽能帮助人们更多地用他们的身体和饮食习惯和意识到坏习惯 , 比如压力、疲惫或抑郁等 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	在房间里工作的志愿者 , 用一个智能的灯泡来解决前面荧光的问题 , 解决了更成功的思考问题 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	星期二晚上 , 卡扎菲的巴布阿拉齐齐齐复合物报道了五枚爆炸爆炸 , 首次袭击了星期日晚上 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	随着某些假设 , 我们结论价格水平之间的关系 , 价格水平与成本参数相同 , 避免极端风险的极端水平 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	采用气藏的材料平衡方程 , 确定气藏储层和ogip , 判断其驱动型 , 预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	吴慧看到唐糖家 , 唐丽和天新看到唐糖回家后 , 建议让家装修也能太空 , 每个人搬到维拉 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势显示 , 从社会和文化积累与心理变迁到电影之间的密切关系 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本项目重点通过教育实践和核心搜索 , 建立儿童数学认知的概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的t/e平均平均大约2.06 , 旗阶段的最大范围大约78岁 , 冬季最少出现了零 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	湖山工业经济被称为华山现象的湖山现象 , 今年的经济增长 , 虽然是一个国家水平的贫穷县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为新美国军事战略不再集中在山区敌人战斗者之后 , 但在城市和村庄中赢得了阿富汗的胜利 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者将尽管他们得到准备 , 但当地的老师认为外国人只是为了有趣的训练而行 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假期者是一个附近的太阳能酒店 , 花园和野鸡 , 但远处 , 旅行的高度是看到葡萄牙人 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了渔业税的功能 , 探讨了物流行业的未来渔业税的影响 , 并给出了相关对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	肯克·托克尔写道: " 最后 , 在他的最伟大的时刻 , 他向我们展示了最脆弱的时刻 , 要求行动的一面 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	同时也因为浮游孩子 , 必须在信心上升 , 记住他们的家里由丝绸和卢林来讨论业务 , 可以打开一条丝绸线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	添加叶子的绿色是一种容易增加颜色、味道和营养 , 在本周的健康方式下 , 玛丽莎·罗斯·罗斯·斯·舒尔曼写道 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何把自己作为一个员工作为竞争力的员工 , 你可能会看到一些正式化的公司观点 , 以及你参与的参与 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是折叠、阻尼和合理的 , 有人远处的声音 , 有人承诺的声音 , 或者反应远远距离厚度的回应 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	五年前 , 保罗癌症患者的工作 , 到了医疗叶 , 在1月中旬 , 接受肝移植后显示出可见重损失的肝移植 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	该方法提高了点传递函数的精度 , 建立了基于def焦点传递函数的重点图像的识别滤波器 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每个章节和每个观点形成了整个马鞍节点的整体框架 , 基本上是由基本上升构建的 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 通过引入某些查询理论的rdb进入oodb查询过程 , 提出了一个查询优化模型 , 并给出了其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	这种基因倾向于低dnf水平的男性似乎失去了它们的能力 , 几乎没有变化 , 男性的速度几乎双倍 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心私人雇主将削减jobs和许多人 , 尤其是那些常常用来获得他们的工资 , 因此 , 私人雇主会失去他们的工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	与此类似的表明 , 中国政府在政府政策上宣布 , 中国政府将从2008年6月发布免费塑料购物袋 , 从2008年6月份发布禁令商店 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	研究基于病例知识的小部分 , 建立了几何特征和过程信息的对象方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	去年 , 风险资本公司投资了35亿美元 , 而中国企业只投资了330亿美元 , 同时他们在中国公司投资了3亿美元 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	硬盘设计的一个组成部分是喷雾多平台封闭 , 使电子在黑帽前部设置在雷达电流附近 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	它代表了茶人希望 , 代表中国茶业将更加丰富 , 母亲的茶课程肯定要比明天更明天更加明亮 !
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种环境友好的防锈涂料 , 基于非毒钙作为主要抗锈涂料 , 磷酸盐作为辅助防锈涂料 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地形和地形特征 , 北京沙地主要分为三种类型 , 山地和平原转移区三种类型 , 分为山地和平原的三种类型 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	提出了基于基因算法的地震特性的优化原理及地震特性优化方法 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	当老年成年人不能建议由于健康状况所造成的物理活动时 , 他们应该作为他们的能力和条件允许的物理活动 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢克斯在资本主义社会中暴露了广泛的普遍问题 , 从商品性和反对性方面证明了其整体类别的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	2000年至2004年最大的城市公共汽车的分形尺寸为1.462 , 到1.518 , 这与中国城市系统的分形尺寸一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨中国和英国社会的绝对贫穷和相对贫穷观念的现象 , 探讨中国和英国社会的历史比较 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油公司有限安全管理的基础已经成为加强和石油加强的基础 , 实现了显著的安全性 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后利用可逆反馈计数的特点 , 采用四值dflipflopppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 死刑犯罪引起伤害 , 但她在地面上没有一句 " 情绪障碍 " 解决了她的犯罪责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除了表示受伤的个人 , 除了被伤害的个体外 , 我们还代表了健康护理诈骗和hmo争端的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制方案混乱的可行性及其潜在作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要研究成果是以下:高中特殊教育专业教师和平东地区的技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗伯·帕茨 , 克里斯蒂瓦特和其它加拿大的第三部电影已经拍摄了第三部电影 。 eclipse于2010年5月在加拿大的第三部电影 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第十六条国家科技委员会应当与其他部门关注 , 规定间歇新技术产业发展区域 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	经营文化对员工工作动力的影响广泛 , 但在文化与工作动力之间没有一个可锻炼的框架 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	在这个粗糙的小船中 , 很难工作 , 已经有30个跨国的船只 , 前面有橘子和太阳花在厕所里画成的地方 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	今年 , 黄金在其它商品中弱势 , 经营于上半年 , 石油和铜滑动 , 这反映了货币作为货币玩家的增加价值 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们从传统生活模式中突破传统的生活模式 , 落入爱情 , 收到婚姻 , 买一个房子 , 买个婴儿...相反 , 他们已经滑了一些步骤 , 添加了其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接的数据结构保持了它的打击 , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 因此它可以减少没有打击和匹配模式的节省 , 以及匹配模式的空间 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你正确的位置 , 你需要放松你的手臂肌肉 , 记住 , 当你画家保持直接和前臂肌肉的时候 , 很容易 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	另外 , 丰田周一表示 , 已经扩大了美国的服务活动 , 为了泄漏油店 , 将934 , 000辆用六缸发动机覆盖9万辆汽车 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但是 , 我需要一本书来理解更多的话题 , 或者与发送者交换许多电子邮件 , 让发送者更详细的关于问题 , 我简单没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前的自然历史问题中 , yale教授弗兰克教授说 , 海滩教授如何学会更低的原因 , 甚至还会学会更低的资本主义者 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	韩国的独立消息非常罕见 , 但中国相应的大坝语法学家已经走到了边界 , 最近逃离北韩的韩国人 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保与仲裁案件相关 , 国家仲裁立法和民事立法 , 所有有仲裁审判监督制度的司法监督制度 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲阿洛伊斯认为 , 是一个女性和19岁的犹太人 , 这将使人激励全球一季犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织表示 , 政府部队至少在周二在叙利亚 , 包括20名中央抗议胡锦涛中心的抗议活动中心抗议胡锦涛中心的抗议活动中 , 至少有41名民事人死亡 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	一位当地官员告诉报纸要求的报纸 , 一天的旅游将包括访问北川高中 , 学生在垃圾中埋藏在这里 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	幸运会有这样的事情 , 女人在那里被称为 " 贝尔 " 的女人分享足够大 , 比如兽人 , 她也不太坏观看 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , 25%的xmx值用于最大护理尺寸 , 而护理尺寸则允许在那25%内增长和缩短 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一方面是一个冲突 , 美国并没有寻求 , 其中一个是由42个国家加入的 , 包括挪威在努力保护自己和所有国家进一步攻击 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	一家美元商店还没有打开 , 所以我没有飞机 , 因此它的迪什潜在很昂贵 , 所以我拿了两杯yogrt , 告诉盖茨给我一些季度 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在这个请求框架中 , cen和cenelec将开发一个或几个级别标准 , 其中包含各种类型的能源产品 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	本方法分为光轮集成加工过程的两个工作过程 , 表面切割是前程序 , 挤出处理是后程序 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克表示 , 在6月2日 , 私人监管会和政府会议上 , 包括美国印度商务委员会 , 将于今年35日举行会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电话市场不会被允许打电话列表上的任何数字 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人有现有的商业关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的干旱有限于孤立区域 ; 除了里奥·格兰和巴拉那外 , 这里没有可逆的损坏似乎在全国范围内广泛广泛 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	一个更加危险的装置 , 在美国流行 , 是一个瞬间的光盒瓶 , 充满了硫酸 , 用化学法处理化学法处理的硫酸 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦中 , 她被一个女士所告诉的名字完成了一些藏人也可以看到湖中网站的内容 , 通过计算机监测屏幕来看到一些藏人也可以看到网站的内容 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是积累体验丰富的个人知识 , 无法使系统曝光 , 是可以感觉 , 但不能在词中解释 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这种类型的场景通常发生在想要驱动业务的clevel执行人员时 , 企业提供积极的赞助来援助他们的策略代理 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家 " 扩展的eps系统 " -360提供了市场前景 , 侧面和后面冲击保护 , 使它成为最安全的hemet之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	北京艺术品销售中心成立于1995年 , 大厅建立了世界上最大的艺术社区 , 北京宋庄艺术家村 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	澳大利亚大学出版社和专业出版社开放 , 包括大学出版社和非营利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何在医学特殊分支中运行诊断和治疗设备 , 但他们也在紧急干预技术中训练 , 比如cpr等紧急干预技术 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	采用三结构组装的水火管锅炉是一种新型的dzl型热水锅炉 , 最近在此类锅炉中应用两步喷射技术 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐赠允许一座桥梁在两座山之间建造 , 等终于走到学校 , 穿着靴子想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	西北地区寒冷的热带气候变化是一个典型的北热带气候变化 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	进一步研究了非氧化强酸溶液中生物溶解的溶解性 , 通过化学热力学实验 , 研究了非氧化强酸溶解的溶解性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	分析了不同类型的涡轮发动器端端的危害和形成过程变化 , 提出了预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人上周告诉华尔街日报 , 上周 , 公司不能规定osi作为一个长期供应商的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一项规则 , 第三周中期的趋势将在第三周内转向 , 第三周末 , 股票只移动3周的主要趋势 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	阐述了一种显著的抗癌效果 , 给出了其它营养效益 , 讨论了cla的多功能多功能及其病因的多功能 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本osakasangyo大学于6月10日发布了一个官方拓扑 , 因为一名员工称孔子学院是一个文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	第一次被称为 " 奥林匹克拉斯 " 的战争已经感到惊讶 , 将在比赛期间 , 000名运动员和官员在首都的比赛中穿过18000名运动员 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	在i组和组iii之间有很大的差异 , 清洗手效果明显优于洗手 , 洗手效果明显优于洗手 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在一个年轻的妇女中没有物理研究表明 , 病人应该回到下一个仪器开始确定lump回归时 , 病人应该回归3至10天 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机控制空间干预研究 , 随访时间长 , 可能有助于进一步描述患者血管疗效的临床疗效 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我知道 , 在我留在中国的一位志愿者期间 , 中国的各个环境中 , 解决人员行动不会为任何问题 , 或是在我其他能力过剩的事件 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	在gnome中最好的菜单之一是服务器进入的连接 , 这允许用户接近任何类型服务器快速和易于 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山脚上 , 国际种类附近太阳雅典大学 , 位于一个愉悦的环境 , 具有良好的观点 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:采用3种诱导的痰样品的敏感性比对3例胃清洗的诊断不能自发性地预测患者的肿瘤结核病的诊断更敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中于蒙古的标签 , 旨在巩固其在俄罗斯和西方战争中获得稳定的权力位置 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们驾驶过德克萨斯 , 新墨西哥 , 阿里桑那 , 加利福尼亚 , 尼瓦达 , 尼布拉多 , 尼布拉斯加 , 尼泊拉多 , 尼苏达 , 尼泊拉多 , 所有的途径都进入明尼苏达 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但是它反映了过去世界公平的事实 , 上海博览主要是印象一个国内观众 , 90%的访问者来自主机国家 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	马拉松的日子我开始好 , 但是在半个马拉松之后 , 我在两个腿上开发了肌肉裂纹 , 导致我右膝盖坏了 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	以色列两名以色列人 , 上海博士 , 医疗工程师艾迪·索夫博士 , 是一名著名的气象学家 , 加入了一个基于satle的工程团队 , 加入了一个基于satle的工程团队 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	照片看着窗外 , " 这意味着我想起那部电影里的那部电影 , 在一个小镇里 , 夜里 , 突变者就出来吃饭 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	根据技术创新的实施 , 中国应该逐步探索和发展 , 以确保更多的储备 , 降低油进口的曝光 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	见证人和安全摄像机视频建立了一支照片 , 因为年轻男人穿着犹太人和潮湿的t恤衫 , 承担rucksack和枪击 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	针对linpack或ispack中的单移复杂qz算法 , 开发了一个普遍的综合价值路由 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员对欧洲工作满意度、工作时间、婚姻状况、性别和工作自治关系的欧洲工作满意度进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	如果你在上海更多时尚的商店寻找一个可记忆的饭或浏览器 , 那么在上海某些时尚的商店里保持忙碌的地方 , 直到晚些时尚 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高服装制造业的生产效率 , 必须结合身体测量、模式设计和服装制造传统服装生产 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	针对科技转移的相关费用不会作为税务破坏项目 , 除非相关权威批准相应合同的合同批准 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前盾牌的混合比例通常使用正交测试 , 其中存在很多实验和不可避免的时间和金钱的缺陷 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿饮料中 , 每天只有1磅 , 每天在6个月的1.1磅和18个月的1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 中国有很严重的冻结和冻结霜的灾难 , 因此 , 冻结长期监测和冻结霜的长期监测是提供潜在灾难的参考信息 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了lcopene的生物特征 , 如分子结构、代谢、组织分布及其抗癌功能和可能的机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:直接表现为9例 , 非常规中心或内心狭窄9例 , 1例无规则填充缺损 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑器允许您在启动过程中没有按摩它的菜单mnemonics , 自动检查更新 , 并允许您在您的优惠中设置的字符 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	采用重力通路大垂直速度模拟高头 , 运行的大速度和前面密度密度密度与观察前面的观察密切相结合 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	食品生产中的gm食品的支持者认为 , 食品的生物技术有很多好处:快速饲养植物和动物的过程 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	为军事服务 , 马克维亚先生将战争作为威尔玛特 , 申请英国、意大利、芬兰和伊格罗斯拉维亚的暴徒 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强的是 , 必须用贝尔兹布布布布的魔鬼驱动魔鬼 , 作为说服道路 , 给出一种反魔法 , 为了中性化和克服那些支持建立的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	随后 , 有一个绝对的艺术标准 , 意味着每个人的独特感觉都是由于每个人都不能复制的图像所引发的 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 这种虫子被用来攻击它的巴斯赫核反应堆的电脑 , 已经有很广泛的推测 , 实际上已经破坏了该植物 , 一些伊朗密度 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转移关键相比 , mdcsk具有多级数字信号的优点 , 可以通过多个croll加密参数来加密 , 加密多级数字信号 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了相关图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、障碍、实现创新战略 , 成功地利用和实现创新战略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	从hsqldbutil.runscriptotool来创建一个名为启动的方法 , 使项目、主要类名称和命令行参数作为方法参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运极端冠军和世界纪录片记录俄罗斯星期日宣布 , 她是从运动中采取一定的破坏 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易秘密法可以作为公共利益分布和公共利益之间的公共利益和垄断利益的贸易秘密所有者的垄断利益 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战机似乎已经准备把大量人吹起来 , 为了估计单个目标 , 例如高级政府官员或警察首席执行官员 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线显微镜是一种利用软x射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 填充光学和电镜之间的差距 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	浙江三大电力集团有限公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业生产烟草提取物、索兰醇和尼古丁两大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼睛位置的正确率 , 为了提高脸部边界的精度和多层眼检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:探讨微卡氧化锌玻璃的组织兼容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场吉尔伯托在枪手中场中场的成功者丹尼尔逊 , 他的成功者在枪手中场的心里 , 接到巴西国家队的一个呼吁 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在几个c.i.a官员中 , 知道拘留和交流程序详细的详细官员中 , 有一个紧张的辩论机构 , 在处理期间 , 在那里绘制了线条的处理术语 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 开幕的名字告诉我们 , 萨米拉伊在寻找工作的时候 , 就离开了失业 , 并且在寻找工作的国家 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很多贪婪 , 深深深深地对他的视觉 , 挖掘 , 达纳和尊严给美国带来了佛教 , 并且对所有的句子都给美国带来了佛教 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	simonellson是反病毒电脑公司诺顿的安全专家 , 重点认为 , 改变密码频繁 , 避免重新恢复 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测试 , 钢烟的表面处理只有0.008相对反射 , 吸收装置可以作为内涂料的理想内部涂料 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学院的形象是中国传统自治时期的特殊平洋现象 , 具有特殊的美学价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制度是韩武迪的原始创造基础 , 是秦汉时代官员监管监管监管和控制官员的成功经验 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	会议之后 , 周光又一位博客 , 共享他的印象: " 这表明 , 美国政府和北京已经完全不同的工作 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了促进这些领域的铁矿石的应用 , 需要合成高饱和磁化的单体超磁性纳米颗粒的合成 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声波b患者及前室角的镜像进行检查 , 然后在眼前室角下提取外体的外观体 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理阿卜杜拉·巴达维正面对他的辞职 , 统治联盟失去了一般选举中反对党的关键地点 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在这部电影之前 , 波斯尼亚州波斯尼亚古戈维纳州波斯尼亚古戈维纳的电影里 , 摄影师在波斯尼亚州波斯尼亚州战争中经历了艰难的战争 , 因为他扔掉了这部电影 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	本文综述了逆醇衍生物的结构活性与药理性能 , 作为一种潜在的化学代理剂 , 综述了反热衍生物的结构活性与药理性 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九条代理的义务遵循指令 ; 从指令中指令的偏差应当按照原则的指令执行 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自那时 , 我们的双边关系对双方的成就感谢两方的努力 , 两国在顶部和其他水平上有频繁的联系 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 拉迪克普拉利亚粉末的综合价值逐渐提高了工业生产的正式官方和原材料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他是他家庭唯一的工人 , 或者他是一个全职学校的学生 , 只有一个公民的礼貌 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	因此 , 分支厚度对青年树有较大的影响 , 与其生存率、生存率、生长速度、年轻纤维树的商业率有直接关系 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本文以三维实际扭转几何模型为例 , 描述了激励导速度对心脏节律影响的定量仿真 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的克隆生长体系 , 古拉和菲拉克斯在波坦尼亚州蒙古山最大地区 , 作为研究克隆人口最好的材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯皮德是纽约世界贸易中心发布的主要计划者 , 预计将面临多年的延迟和重大成本过度运行 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃免费ampou由一个pi模拟聚乙烯或聚丙烯单元组成 , 直到用户激活 , 直到用户活动 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对当时中国医学教育的问题 , " 从五名知名学者的信 " 是保持中国医学教育的主要内容 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和莱克·霍夫曼在四个月内工作的慈善男性中心委员会的工作 , 在地震中受伤的少数损伤 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与此相比 , 中国的牙国衰退的发生并不高于初级和二级学校的学生之间 , 更显著的是其时间处理的缺乏 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口已经增长了1% , 而且近40%的增长是因为外国人口进入美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	欧洲危机已经强调了欧洲危机的损害 , 并且通过17个国家单一货币领域的行动来说明欧洲危机的迫切需要 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	18.07%ip饮食中 , 表现出的氮消化率和最高的n消化率在18.07%的ip饮食中出现了四极曲线关系 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	" 另外 , 吉利亚还透露在访问期间 , 在许多电影中 , 很多人都喜欢 " 超越我们的肯尼 " , 她甚至有了最好的压力金 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是稳定发展 , 避免了赢得的原则 , 在变化产业和市场中 , 他们试图采取花卉的维护和稳定的提升 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统林肯在紧急环境下准备 , 使宪法违反宪法 , 当林肯在民间战争出现时 , 被禁止哈贝斯公司 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人说 , 在美国借贷贷款的生活中 , 汽车不能卖掉 , 因为旧太太太太太太太老了 , 六个 " 经济危机 " 最终被破坏了 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清楚动物研究与一个祖母hip替代之间的连接 , 一个父亲通过了一个婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至是宠物的拍摄 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk后移植失败的危险因素是冠状血管化 , 移植 , 叶片病或叶片病 , 前后期或后期症状 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	在这个寺庙里 , 几乎所有的消费 , 包括它的布局和现在大多数人常常常用它的服装 , 35 ) 打造销售的品牌 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 几乎所有工业的一部分 , 从上游到下游 , 从上游到下游 , 完全是印度 , 农民 , 工厂和工厂 , 销售商 , 销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰今天没有争议 , 直到今天 , 除非其他人没有玩耍 , 比如艾默森和发票人离开 , 还有艾滋科和艾滋病毒 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对景观建筑设计的分析 , 阐述了应用于引用的文学流程的意义 , 比如超bole、定义和象征 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了有效地捐赠植物 , 动物污染植物已经进化了各种颜色特征 , 污染表现方案是其中之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定把奥尔法动机读成奥尔法 , 但我不相信我们会遇到任何原因的另外一个障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	宾尼硬铁2点 , 包括3秒左右的比赛 , 作为奥兰多魔术败掉了冠军霍斯顿火箭9290 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	巴黎投资合作伙伴马丁·弗里德森说: " 否则在cd或超级资产中会有更大的风险 , " 全球信用策略师martinfridson说 。
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一个土地是不用的 , 将增加森林覆盖率为4.1% , 水面前 , 农场和其他绿色潜力的1.919.27% 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说的情况下 , 浪漫视觉倾向于表现出 " 浪漫观 " 的形式 , 称为 " 浪漫观 " 、情感和象征形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是2005年 , 德克萨斯在华盛顿举行的第一次 , 我们收到了2000万美元 , " 朗回忆道 , " 这个数字超过了我们的期望 。 "
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 实际上 , 现在我对这些小伤害 , 比如汉明或格林皮肤 , 我可以理解他们 , " 26岁的官方赛季告诉他们 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2中 , 设置n或更高的内存布局不再使用分享库 , 使其用于本土存储或mapping 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但是如今 , 如果我们必须把这个反对文化的某个方面固定起来 , 那么它的神秘倾向和原则的功能----我们不会对运动深刻的不公正 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	霍斯顿体系成功测试了一定类型细菌的呼吸系统 , 利用紫外线菌辐射来杀死99%的呼吸系统 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 虽然司法南方的辩护和完整性超越了重复 , 但他的遗传封闭的方法对法庭的影响限制了他对法院外部的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	吃:食物丰富的矿物 , 因此有利于亚洲人 , 包括食物 , 豆类 , 豆类 , 棕色米 , 柠檬 , 橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	百度的金融总监詹妮弗·李说: " 百度 , 中国音乐迷 , 记录艺术家和记录公司都会从这赢得合作关系上获益 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线被广泛安装 , 第一家公司第一家为此做 , 美国唯一的长距离服务提供商 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	本文以二级板市场为研究对象 , 通过理论和实证角度分析了交易机制的目标、特点和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清除和反应阶段的患者 , 优化alan氨基酸发酵酶和hbvdna水平 , 是抗病毒治疗的候选人 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 第四级城市的小瑞典 , 第二次销售海军 , 占据了13% , 公司未来表现出巨大改善的未来性能 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	13年和19页的订阅规定不需要应用发布人员在公开批准其普通公司债券的证券条款下发布的证券承诺 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	在gsp中的jsp标签库支持中 , 我们离开的一些事情是例如jpa作为插件 , 改进了我们的单元测试基础设施 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	本品有丰富的香味和蝴蝶纹理 , 传统上是法国的圣诞品种 , 虽然在整年的南方吃得更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次阐述了决策的重要性 , 组成能力和传递能力 , 因为球员需要知道球运行时 , 否则小心不能在球上抓到球 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道说: " 坐在电视附近的电视上可能不会让孩子们看见 , 但是一个孩子可能坐在电视上 , 因为他或她在附近看见和不诊断的情况下 , "
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 路沈承诺帮助库斯马塔卡希拉出售渠道 , 帮助路沈市长岛推出了破坏规则的地位 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次 , 冰岛形成于1962年 , 华德·亨特·斯福在一座岛上 , 小块的冰岛在海岸内的岛之间 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能工业炉的发展及应用 , 如加热炉、热炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果一所大学毕业生从来没有看到陌生的话 , 那么考虑这个问题:ou是英国最大的大学 , 000多名学生在英国最大的大学 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏经验和实践知识 , " 杨小东说 , 曾经是一个独特的高尔夫俱乐部的ceo , 因为他的员工在希望申请者的眼睛中打出了一个挑战的眼睛 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 美国和国际社区的裁决几年后 , 美国和国际社会 , 很多年龄 , 但同样的哥伦敦qaddafi似乎被西方重复复复复 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c下保护 , 没有从snp发布的动力学 , 通过建筑空间结构和空间结构对np的影响显著 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	使用摩托车座椅的各种缺陷和遗憾将通过 " 蔡云 " 特殊座位和健康保护功能来克服 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个重要因素形成一个系统 , 科学操作能产生良好的教学效果 , 科学操作也是新时代教学创新措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	经过这个殖民失败后 , 巴特把军队的残留在恐怖中 , 逃往了他个人帝国的星毁灭者的外边境地区 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监测器收集了有用的信息 , 例如在一个月中ecr状态询问事务的数量 , 以及ecrs的数量等 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	接收报告后 , 韩韩韩联盟总裁在接收该报告后49分钟后 , 韩国国防部长金正在接收该报告后52分钟 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	家庭基于家庭的护理团队由几个护士组成 , 每天早上跳进小卡车 , 走到社区 , 往往往往往往往是真正的命运2 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	具体清洁剂的特殊喷水系统实现了两个状态 , 因此体清洗范围和体清洁度提高了体清洁度 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	他们在机场上游览的场景 , 飞机在跑道上 , 他们的笼子从飞机上走出飞机 , 是日本公共广播的nhk 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个金锁已经逃跑 , 似乎很厚 , 但是在一个丑陋的下面 , 紧紧紧紧 , 脖子下 , 脖子的帽子 , 躺在薄下 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	在150家商业调查中 , 三分之三的调查显示 , 他们的团体推广是利润的 , 但剩下的第三名声称在他们的团队经历上失去了钱 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安迪:是的 , 但是卡塔尔还可以穿着银牌 , 穿着巨大的骄傲 , 真的是一个黑马 , 它在另一个半决赛中打败伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	有些批评家 , 由其追踪者朱先生指责张先生给亚洲演员 , 应该去亚洲演员 , 一个叫做白色的演员 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 像极端程序和敏捷发展这样的概念 , 使得他们能够获得很多相同的好处 , 没有一个完整的人们在你的代码上取得了很多相同的好处 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在基于矩阵组织的情况下 , 研究风格组织和非边界组织今天已经蘑菇了 , 我们的选择是基于给定环境和目标的 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	香料包含许多香料 , 猪肉rib产品和脱水的春洋葱 , 根据不同的味道 , 口味会很美味 , 香味也会有些香味 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	这种意识的双标准伤害了自由人和汉人的感觉 , 另外 , 在学术意识上 , 改变了历史的真正面貌 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这永远不会是 , 永远不会因为这个存在继续 ; 当时 , 当时我们在离开的列表中推进我们 , 当然这个友谊将会保存我们的身份来承担我们的身份 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 在36个爱情社交网络中 , 通过移动和期望支付 , 年轻人希望移动内容 , 尤其是音乐和视频 , 尤其是免费 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号是非常高频采样的 , 而两种样本之间的差别是有量化得到数字信号 , i.e , 信号码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	因为他们像我一样 , 我想 , 没有改变我总是有成功的 , 个性是现实 , 但我喜欢一个阴影 , 让我在这里 , 真的是我的错误吗 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年后 , 95%的元素汞通过化学反应 , 变成黑色固体 , 变成黑色固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18个公园位置 , 位于18个公园 , 位于紧急柴油发电机和电设备上添加了四个储存的电池 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	美国人生视频流媒体服务最近感谢hibau的一篇文章 , 只是公布了一篇新白色的视频服务 , 新鲜白色的视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:电路断路、dcjack、数字开关、dip开关、emi滤波器、电子开关、钩开关、密钥开关、推开关、推开关等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他在数字媒体生产中拥有超过10年的经验 , 工作视频 , 仍然是图像和声音 。 他旅行广泛 , 追求社会和环境问题的长期项目 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于卡斯托尔的竞争历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳发动机性能在最常规的骑骑条件下增加的加速 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	目前 , 联系和华盛顿国家平均价格上涨四美元 , 最高平均价格如阿拉斯加、加州、加利福尼亚、连通和华盛顿等国家 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米体系的小小尺寸必须视为普通外部场 , 使得非线性反应非常重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可以保护h2o2受伤的内皮细胞 , 可能在预防和治疗缺血性灌注中添加一定的作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	论述了利用头空气相色谱法测定1 , 4-二氧含量的方法 , 讨论了头空气相色谱法的主要因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	因此 , 穿上一个温暖的浪漫新房子 , 温暖 , 流动婚姻床 , 自然成为优先级的一家 , 传统的部门在床上 , 是如此激烈的池塘 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	通过基础和提高心室节点的频率 , 降低心室节点的频率 , 解释其它生理现象的频率过滤效果 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常检查特定的规则 , 您可能希望在自己的规则文件中结合它们 , 如清单2所示 , 这个规则将进入基本、名称和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年2月14日 , 一名警方在东京白天行政委员会的特殊会议中扮演绿色的会议 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	利用比较优势解决了我国食品的平衡和需求的平衡问题 , 巩固现有食品市场的稳定出口 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	总结了高桥桥梁钢筋混凝土工程施工过程中高桥墩裂缝的特点 , 总结了预防措施及防措施的原因 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为防止贸易团体 , 必须扩大公民参与 , 改革行业治理结构 , 共同建设机制的兴趣 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北朝鲜 , 六个绝对的寺庙外 , 还有很强的dwell , 还有很多山水 , 地狱驱动了十个宫殿绅士 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨三维神经障碍性神经障碍性神经炎患者cr-2辅助系统的临床价值及临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称 。 金野一起 , 一起坚持线和观看zany图片 , 当你学习比例、匹配、尺寸和对称时 , 就会出现生命 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到石油和气体使它丰富 , 开始于1960年代 , 这个小型 , 雕塑 , 巴基斯坦普林斯卡尔·宾斯卡尔斯卡斯加大量地吹嘘了一个设定的人口 , 让一个人口大小的城镇 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另一个观点是 , 卡梅隆先生现在放弃了它 , 一个 " 革命主义 " , 还有一个梯级主义 " , 她的目标很谨慎 , 通常没有广告 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	1991年退休后 , 他保持了一个低档档档案 , 尽管加拿着奖项 , 但他是由妻子生存的 , 高度声称北京歌手jangying 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	据研究表明 , 世界上最受欢迎的网站facebook , facebook , 成员花了205亿分钟 , 成员花费了3.1%的56% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	尤其是一个被称为sctmymuus的恶意批判 , 一个匿名的anglicanopponent攻击不仅是这些六名预期部长 , 而且袭击了milton 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个未知的原因 , 有时候他对大规模的推广后 , 他坐落在星球纳波的皇家宫殿上 , 在那里他帮助埃尔特皇家飞行员训练训练 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的进入形式和女性 , 星巴克从开放的平衡和麦当劳的女性独立限制女性 , 女性队列为其愤怒分离出来 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子将会出现最高的原子轨道 , 这是能源最高的能量 , 因为这将是最高能量的能量 , 因为这将是能量最低的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我的爱来到我身边的时候 , 我的身体模仿着我的眼睛 , 夜黑暗 , 风吹出灯光 , 云朵在星星上画出了闪烁的光芒 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你 , 是坏的 , 希望谷歌搜索结果中的业务总是很糟糕 , " 谷歌在博客邮件中写道 , 谷歌在一篇博客邮件中写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	尼桑的首席创造力官hironakamura说 , 这个研究室将 " 提高中国和亚洲的产品竞争力 , 在那里 , 汽车产业继续看到巨大的增长 " 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用这种模式时 , 请仔细打开颈部和皮特10毫升 , 然后从ampole进入250ml体积平板 , 带来纯化水体积的容量 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不再能看到皮格银行 , " 凯文·莱恩说 , " 格罗萨克逊历史上的一位权威 , 与员工招聘财富的任务相互相信任务 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过对不同超元衰退过程的分析 , 给出了重量超元生产率和最终极化公式的一般公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数当地审美用临床上都是相对的氢气分子 , 通过扩散或通过细胞膜的阻塞网站来获得它们的阻塞位置 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用加强钢纤维增强混凝土梁的81试验结果 , 测定了加强钢筋纤维增强系数的6个测试结果 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	网站还使用了开源博客服务器apacheroller版本4.0.12 , mysqltm数据库服务器 , 以及memememememem 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	比萨尔看着600米高的建筑 , 自我足够的水和能源 , 被贝尔吉亚设计师维利亚·卡尔巴特认为是基于纽约的罗斯福岛的罗斯福岛 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 盒子 " 仍然坚持这个名叫的胶原 , 以解决水中的外表 , 更好地告诉每个人产品和瑜伽饮料一起 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	给出其对诺片和肌肉合同的影响 , 瓶颈似乎是抗慢日头痛或紧张型头痛的吸引剂 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母行为放在一个体重规模的侧面上 , 那么你决定如何建立健康自尊vs , 低自尊在你的孩子中自尊低 ?
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	" 他说 , 时间是最大的问题 , 中央当局对当地政府的一般原则有表特定标准 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法避免 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	上述大峡谷的这个虚拟分子图像 , 显示了由哥罗拉多河创造的分形模式 , 红色的图像显示了图像中的植物区域 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 没有地球化石痕迹的鲸类似于海鲜植物的前任者 , 遗传分析发现鲸类最近生活的相对较密切 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维组织图案从加强混凝土建立 , 每个教室或工作室占有分化的体积 , 允许全院看到的环境 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	" 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 在二十世纪末期发展的 " 哲学咨询运动 " 是影响全球化时代新兴学科 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的封闭相比 , 标准封闭使人们在标准数码模式中写邮件代码 , 为了提高邮件处理效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规格的水珠 , 南阳珠 , 新鲜水珠 , 半孔松珠 , 3/4松梨珠 , 玉米 , 玉米 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高建筑师设计的生态、效率、经济效率、经济矿产负责和责任 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	根据大规模波孔数据 , 分析了云盆地中侏罗煤层分布特征、煤层特性、煤层性、煤层性能、煤层性能等特点 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	作为一个例子 , 应用最大轨迹优化的两阶球导弹 , 提出了一种基于原始和优化轨迹的比较 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开放源项目的基本原因 , 没有关闭的资源部门 , 是我们在销售或支持它的业务中没有兴趣 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	有些物种在洪水季节洪水中被淹没 , 只有一些高度的草地生存 , 它们的主要物种属于少年和cyperacea 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	而且他们每个人都被头抓住了他的剑 , 然后把他的剑放在一起 , 所以他们一起落下来 , 所以那个地方叫做赫尔卡扎吉姆 , 所以这里的地方被称为 " 吉布逊 " 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	通过神经外科医生在 " 内血管时代的 " 内血管 " 中引起的神经外科医生的神经元治疗 , 描述了一系列不断破坏的病人 。
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	由政府提供的公共货物的不平衡已经成为城市和农村地区的深层原因 , 影响城市和农村地区的差距 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过权利和侧向 , 通过水力液压系统驱动 , 指出了水力液压系统的液压系统存在的问题 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	苏格兰皇家银行皇家银行的香港经济学家贝恩·辛普弗说: " 因此 , 外国批评将在今天的数据和争论更强的元增益 。 "
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行银行是9月底结束的11.6% , 另外两家大四家银行公共交易的其他两家大银行比例下降了11.6% 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于分散和过滤后注射算法的新算法 , 以估计广泛适应图像中心的对象散射中心的异常分散中心 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我正在北达科塔的一个孩子时 , 我母亲为她的五个孩子吃饭袋 , 当她做完时 , 她把热带放在纸巾上 , 把他们放在纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于发电厂的温度 , 由于发电 , 研磨和涂料在热轧厂的实践中考虑了滚动段和表面级别之间的约束 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一个9亿美元的法律评估了hsbc两次雇佣kpmg , 一个会计公司 , 探讨madof先生 , 但当担心银行时 , 银行的担忧不能行动 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	与伦敦的消息无限等待 , 或者从母亲的谷歌中抽出来 , 还有一些国家的爱情和嫉妒的国家悲剧 , 在这里 , 整个故事在他面前就有几页 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟的商业 , 他已经访问了8月 , 一个百英里的沙瓦纳河 , 还有足够的旅行在这座城市的老城市中旅行 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	陕西省农药病毒病毒的调查和鉴别结果表明 , cmv、tmv、电视、电视、bwv等病毒的一部分是混合感染 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	在19世纪监狱的拉克斯条件下 , 一位马菲亚神父被报道称 , 与锦标和洛布斯特一起庆祝他的生日 , 已经获得了 " 爷爷酒店 " 的名字 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997年执行 " 安全基金 " 的暂时方法 , 我国安全基金在1997年得到了快速发展 , 获得了较好的效果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	1610年 , 印度东部的一个城镇 , 成立于波比亚东北部的炸弹东部 。 于1610年 , 位于阿尔兰兹布的一个地方 。 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主要课程选择外 , 波尼俱乐部提供了一种反映中海和海鲜食品的选择 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另外一个见证 , 欧里没有给他最后一个名字 , 告诉俄罗斯的第一个渠道电视说 , 震荡波很强 , 让他把他扔到地板上 , 把他的帽子吹去 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列军队在袭击后只使用他们的手枪 , 发布了一个视频显示军队 , 由于直升机从直升机上升到一个人群 , 坚持和俱乐部 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	利用9种生态类型的59种日本稻线 , 分析了f1混合材料的主要质量特征 , 并对其中303种混合材料进行了分析 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	俄罗斯·弗雷德发现 , 印度家庭生活在查德加哈的房子里 , 通过使用曲线来分离男性和女性的空间来修改他们的公寓 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了理解问题之外 , 心理卫生和物质滥用的主管谢卡尔·萨克森纳说 , 低收入国家有很少精神卫生专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言相对合并的问题通常会变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员确定为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	白人学生作为研究参与者对黑人参与者的评论使得他简单的留下了黑人参与者的评论 , 显然从中等到极端种族污染的时候 , 人们对黑人参与者进行了评论 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论腹腔切除术中只有足够的超临床脂肪 , 且放置橡胶排水是一种简单有效的防止肥胖患者脂肪水解的有效途径 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响npt不同的氧供应和氧需求的重要因素 , 但在修复期间 , 脑温变化是影响氧供应和氧气需求的重要因素 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京日报称 , 北京警方预计将在国内暴力交往 , 作为法律师mu将对妇女权利保护和利益保护法律进行修正 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 大豆饮食纤维生物的处理技术明显提高 , 测定了大豆饮食纤维生物的加工范围 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	福特说 , 希腊银行在东欧和土耳其增加了多样化 , 但这来自于更加激进的经济 , 其中一些经济也经历了衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河流追踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀岩 , 取向会议室外存活 。 游泳团队只有很多技能 , 作为个人成员 , 只有很多技能 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	bilberry是蓝莓密切的亲戚 , 被称为黑色紫色 , 自然包含了异氰酸酯 , 帮助支持健康的眼睛功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	毫无疑问:微软与windows7.即使在beta形式上 , 公司的新桌面os正在从博客的所有角落中收集出来 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	疲惫的答案 , 如 " 我是一个艰难的工人 " , " 我是由新机会学习 " 工作面试 " 的新机会 , 你应该考虑奥德球问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	冯宇54是浙江省台州农业研究院、林海种子站的一家新型印度混合水稻组合 , 是浙江省台州农业研究院 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们要求s2作为给出的问题 , s1最大化这个表达式 , 作为后面的绅士说 , 我将会识别 , 然后我将设置等于0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他主要的地方移动齿轮 , 玉花了许多四年的时间 , 为人力资源大学人力资源研究生进行进一步的考试 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺乏是心理描述 , 可以在行动中进行 , rub描述也可以添加环境描述 , 本文将看起来更多的vid 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一家专业的电缆制造商 , 国王信号的产品主要服务移动通信 , 数字微波通信 , 航空 , 多媒体和军队 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	p.m先生探讨了tsimshui的海军公路上的春火融化池 , 另一部装置 " 香港电影 " 的装置 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 主体的生命迹象稳定 , 代谢支持显著 , 表明:建立的生物官方肝支持系统安全、稳定、效率好 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在左边 , 缺乏访问性 , 激励公司的实际化意味着改变努力将永远不能证明政策制造商的成功 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	一种湿磷酸净化萃取剂的方法包括:第一步 , 利用热水浸渍、提取有机溶剂 , 然后清洗热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品的设计基于16世纪欧洲和其他eras的古典线 , 可以修改和结合个体客户的欲望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	蔡元北是一个伟大的思想家 , 教育者和革命力的思想 , 从他的思想、词言行为、行为等方面 , 我们可以知道他的伟大思想 , 哲学家的性格和伟大的男性 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	河水湖发展生态旅游的优势是环境、植物、野生动物、历史、文化 , 首先要注意到一些问题 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双链rna制备了石油植物中主要脂肪酸的相对比例 , 用于改变石油植物中主要脂肪酸的相对比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据《日报》报道 , 中国继续成为世界上最大的2个经济 , 与日本每天1.42万亿美元的gdp相比 , 与日本的1.37万美元相比 , 中国在网上报道 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	民族反恐委员会表示 , 特别军队杀死了2名军事和细节 , 并且在莫斯科郊区的一座城市发生了第三名袭击 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道染色和电镜观察了脊髓前角的形态变化的典型模式 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:分为164名患者 , 分别对康复教育、心理咨询会谈娱乐活动及各种心理学支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 对赵永明诗歌写作意义进行了分析 , 证明了诗歌可以实现视角的女性视角和其价值的原因 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行对贫困国家的财政部长们采取了严重的贷款 , 因此 , 因此 , 这些银行在急性失业的平衡、急性失业和后果的内部没有利益 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以在大程度上存储目标区域 , 结果表明 , 非目标区域的密度可明显降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	经过多个方面的运动缓慢运动反馈证据收集 , 风格已经不安静 , 他准备准备对niu卡的观点进行对话 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	四江盆地水污染主要来源于国内废水 , 然后非点源污染也是工业污染的重要来源 , 水污染也很重要 , 产业污染的影响很少 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文尝试通过对儒家、道教、民族思想的影响 , 探讨军事主义思想对和平思想的文化根源 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一个修复的组织代表了水平、平滑、平滑、平坦的组织 , 周围土壤植物区的胆囊细胞更成熟 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	探讨椎体和肺脂肪栓塞的关系 , 以及水泥注射速度与pmma泄漏之间的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	2007年8月12日 , 海湾系统在国家防御工业协会中展示了一个共同的模块电力系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	来自中国国有公司、中国冶金集团公司的代表 , 访问了亚尼克的铜矿地点 , 位于2007年前qaeda强东南卡布尔东南部的铜矿区 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态远远 , 快速处理速度免费者 , 健康关闭皮肤细胞3倍以上公式的非酸皮肤修饰剂 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	如何冷却的欢迎在沙迪房间的冰绿色玻璃的欢迎 , 带着色彩和太阳外面的圆柱是海外的 , 沿着尘埃的路燃烧 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿下面报道了利比亚反叛运动的分支 , 希望她说的是第一个 " 纳托拉联盟 " 为抗达菲军队提供军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	到lbj的 " 伟大的社会 " 等时候 , 一个 " 自由 " 的 " 自由 " 的人声称荣耀 , 为了获得财富的荣耀 , 支出其他人民币 " 自由 " 购买投票 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	自2003年开始以来 , 由微软基金会创造的保罗·艾伦 , 自2003年开始以来 , 艾伦学院已经组成了一个较少详细的人脑alas 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦人说: " 今天结束时 , 定居和平是两个平行轨道 , 以色列不能在同时设置和平 , 以色列同时也不能和平 。 "
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇人说 , " 世界上只有一条路 , 难以置信你永远不会把他们放弃 , 你一定要留下二十年的寂静 , 不管怎么笑 。 "
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	开放的山羊欢迎全民主、自然、热情、潜在的集体改革等领域 , 开放的山羊欢迎各个商们参与全民主、全民主、自然、热情、潜在的生活改革 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	今天 , 查姆家庭研究发布的说 , 非法调查已经下降了50% , 75% , 在印尼 , 印度尼 , 巴西亚和巴西亚的亚马逊过去十年内 ;
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺一起呆在一起更好或更糟糕的 , 或者更糟糕的或更糟糕的 , 疾病和健康 , 为了荣誉和珍惜 , 直到死亡 , 直到死亡一部分 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	17年1月17日 , 北京 , 15日当地时间 , 新华 , 匈牙利资本预算 , 一个拥挤的迪奥斯科夫站在那里 , 杀死了三个妇女死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	为了阅读那些法律代表的信息 , 如果您选择雇佣移民代表 , 检查cic的移民页面的移民代表 , 则可以在移民代表上检查cic的网页 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学拒绝了马克思主义哲学的实践特点 , 内在是批评和建设的方向 , 是基本的解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究的系统不仅能显示折叠和故障 , 还可以应用gis函数 , 分析了自动生成地质概念和断裂的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从一个新的视角出发 , 提出了一种基于遥感图像的多功能分析方法 , 克服了基于pxel的分析方法的限制 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会进入自动增长的峰值时期 , 汽车主人在汽车上花费更多时间 , 从汽车到危险人民健康的空气污染不能忽略 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph基因扫描活动 , 降低功率 , 总磷化合物量 , 抑制剂对羟基基和超氧离子的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	进一步介绍了中国先进的产品 , 包括主袋、生产化合物、印刷色剂、气凝和特殊钻孔液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但是 , 可以一个智能网格或精密农场 , 机器互相通知 , 使后来决定 , 显著降低能源使用 , 因此 , 温室气体污染 , 是否会降低能源利用 , 因此 , 温室气体污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	任务 " 发现和视图病人记录 " 可能由大多数组织使用 , 而且任务 " 创建和更新病人记录 " 的任务可能只是由承认和前台员工所使用的 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	采用结构光谱技术的主要缺陷是 , 无法获得无光相机的点数据 , 或不能被光源照明 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件dclet.tml被引用为该插件表格 , 这个文件将为eclipse左板中的层次信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	提出了许多数据挖掘的隐私保护算法 , 其中包括数据挖掘规则、分类规则、聚类等 , 但几种算法是外观检测 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女性和男性在很多简单的任务上工作时 , 比如搜索关键或做很容易数学问题时 , 女性同时也显著地表现出男性 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	埃达诺先生可以从129名法律制造商的支持下来 , 联合到奥萨瓦先生 , 上周投票反对肯先生的任命作为党领导人 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	提高路由免疫功能:合作关系集中于减少污染和措施 , 同时也有助于建立新的和现有疫苗交付更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	gbagbo的出口是非可谈判的国家代表西非联盟首席执行官贝科马的发言人 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育不能为这个职业生涯提供必要的 , 但你可以在门上获得足够的进步 , 更好地在一个汽车和柴油技术项目的基本训练 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了更换适合金卡 , 请通过区域休闲服务办公室或运动中心提交该表格 , 通过该部门的区域休闲服务办公室或运动中心 , 支付25美元 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	大中宝珠 " 大口和更多的谷物 , 肉 , 厚厚的皮肤丰富 , 色彩丰富 , 丰富的味道丰富 , 丰富的香味 " 和 " 中国名 " 的 " 声誉 " 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:综述了天津10所医院呼吸部呼吸部呼吸道感染的253例acb病例的临床资料及抗生素耐药性 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	本文简要介绍了水性表面和拖动的原理 , 简要综述了近年来水性表面的新途径和最近进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效率和准确分类已经提高了地层磨削效率 , 从而提高了321矿输入的运行成矿率 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我寻找一个 " 出口 " 的时候 , 我是由湖江的头部 , 寻找一个 " 出口 " 的 " 灵活的计划 , 现在有5个月的女儿 , 我现在已经有5个月了 。
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	另外 , 清洗工艺可以使用无需的塑料同步洗涤的牙齿 , 还可以用中等压水或软洗涤 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	美元标志教授总是宣布最新的革命管理技术或最新发现 " 喷雾器 " 的发现 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	星期二 , 美国在8月份发布的一份报告显示 , 在8月份的一份报告显示 , 美国制造业在8月首次扩张到一半以上的第一次 , 详细地看到 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	伯克利大学建筑部主席玛丽·凯里诺说 , 建筑师是最优秀的职业 , 是伯克利亚大学建筑部长玛丽·卡里诺说 , 这里有40%的上升 。
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	该设计由法国建筑师jacsrougerie绘制 , 一个基于水库建设项目的船舶 , 由联合国文化机构联合国文化机构联合起来 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放的空间 , 桌子里的四个创始人在屏幕上站在一起 , 四个是samyagan , c.o ;
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 , 利用matlab软件分析了自适应梁的服务算法 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	指定了两个双重单元 , 作为每个lcs无人表面动力的通信设备包的一部分 , 用于开发这些战争任务 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 律法捐赠了他所有的负面、专辑、摄像机和个人对法国的尊重 , 从这些照片和文本中找到了一个外部和优雅生活的故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	空气压力较低 , 因此气动力学效果越低 , 最终导致球速度越低 , 直径越低 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	由msci测量的世界股票 , 本周高达51/2周 , 投资者将近一年的呼吸风点作为投资者提供了数百亿美元的现金来工作 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	综合介绍和具体分析是关于学生运动和教师手动的概念、选择、组织和展示内容、内容、表现、内容、内容、表现、内容和表现等方面的研究 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	假如你太疲惫 , 留下房子的限制 , 除了插电话 , 锁着门 , 打破帽子 , 花整个周末的时间 , 完全没有什么 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	就像狮子一样 , 一个初期亚洲 , 尤文保持了一个中国式官僚制度 , 规定了他们的后果和内亚的部落状态 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 这样的熟悉 , 比如在穆达达达达达拉烹饪一块叶子 , 还有一个熟悉的周围的奇怪感觉 , 比如今晚的东京 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林癌症增加 , 平均高和直径增加 , 但单位面积的增加 , 降低了变化的分布 , 从任务到均匀的变化 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含任何天然乳液组件 , 人皮肤过敏反应 , 非毒、无毒、无毒、无味、左右gm , 推出良好、耐用、良好的粘贴 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	卡梅里塔·蒙蒂尔 , 一名2岁的维吉林 , 刚刚在橘子花水里洗澡 , 正在打破皮尔特内拉床上的玫瑰叶子 , 当拍摄的时候 , 拍摄了拍摄出来 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们在这里使用这样的工具来增长自己的twitter存在 , 以及每天基础上的客户 , 学习twitter最好的实践和工具最好的工作 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以生成特异免疫反应 , 主要通过活化肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤抗原 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	从冰淇淋水到电灯、汽车和航天器等领域 , 从冰淇淋水和瓶水到电灯 , 通过成功曝光 , 给出了一种生命交换发明的关注 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	si在上个月末发布了他的指控 , 在新线程网站上发布了他的指控 , 这是中国的研究社区之一 , 为了暴露伪科学和学术错误导弹而闻名的 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	hcv特异性cd8t细胞反应在急性hcvv感染病人无论病毒结果或病毒特异cd4t细胞反应 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我也感谢布鲁斯·李先生的家庭为他们的全心支持 , 李先生的窗户李先生 , 个人帮助我们准备一个前居民的布局计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	shin先前的索洛努力包括2005年的专辑 " 特别感谢...最特别的选择 " , 后来 " 疲惫 " , 但他最新打击了 " 标志shin " 的第一张专辑 , 作为一个专辑 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市 , 体育模块已经从当地政府中受到严厉的冲击 , 作为建立他们足球、篮球、篮球和篮球的价格 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于陶瓷陶瓷 , 玻璃类似 , 表面平滑 , 不像老混合材料一样 , 茶 , 红葡萄酒 , 烟雾也不会染色咖啡 , 红葡萄酒或烟雾 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉·瓦格林设计是澳大利亚国际采购商 , 需要购买纺织原材料和织物、家具、家具、礼物、陶瓷等类别 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重的绝对增长 , 前肢体重 , 身体长度 , 前肢长度 , 后肢长度 , 后肢长度 , 后肢长度 , 三肢长度和正常分布模式显示了正常分布的模式 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	西班牙 , 意大利 , 意大利 , 希腊是古老的文化史蒂文化形式 。 罗斯堡和德国关键的西班牙、意大利、意大利等 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式同时参加王青岛 , 王建华 , 王建华 , 美国副总裁约伯登 , 国务卿克林顿和其他公司员工 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	拉丁的思想挑战了传统心理治疗的传统观点 , 使人们在心理实践上查询这些基本假设 , 使他们的生活和思想 , 离开心理实践的标志 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰·莱德罗·格里米在米兰官方网站上讲述了米兰的下一个联赛: " 是对米兰的一个奇怪 , 但现在我在米兰的比赛中想赢得这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验表明 , stca在2年前产生的模型预测了95.8%的内样本和93.3%的外样本 , 同时通过改进的方法97.5%和90% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	他说: " 这个预算增加了我国的未来债务 , 比1789年所有债务 , 乔治华盛顿总统 , 通过弗兰克林·罗斯福和伦敦·约翰逊和乔治·布什说 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	卵巢可能是手臂 , 看到你的眼睛和眼睛的宏观形式 , 手臂 , 腿 , 脚 , 手脚 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 全部的行星形成恐惧 , 恐惧 , 所以我所以恐惧 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	它还拥有高层的教师 , 所有有外交学位 , 其中包括一个与中国关键教师冠军 , 两名与北京关键教师冠军 , 第六名与厦门关键教师冠军 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	用vti介质的宏观速度模型与当前速度估计方法一致 , 同时也可以同时适应异性、弱弱异性和强烈的抗静电 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , ptp-1b相对ir的表达水平或活动都会影响胰岛素签名 , 可能导致胰岛素抵抗观察胰岛素的胰岛素抵抗能力的影响 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国皇家阿里斯坦的祖先 , 与他的部长红色发射箱 , 因为他离开11号下街 , 路由将年度预算送给普通的房子 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	通过mtt检测 , 测了nk细胞的杀灭活性及其增殖速率 , 通过直接免疫荧光法测定了t细胞子cd4+ , cd8+ 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园可能是燕兰家庭 , 真正的湖泊 , 全部设备高端家具 , 所有的礼物 , 土地交流良好 , 通讯丰富的气体 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在精子和oocyte中 , 证明钙信号在一系列复杂的过程中具有重要的作用:容量、环境反应、卵巢成熟、肥胖、胚胎清洁等 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南东市市的质量吸烟猪肉 , 添加了新鲜的鸡蛋比例 , 纯净的明珠淀粉 , 姜和小颗粒的芝麻油 , 搅拌进一颗粉碎 , 搅拌成粉碎 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	突尼西亚的选举和前利比亚领导人穆拉马尔·阿拉扎菲的戏剧演绎已经推动了伊朗赞助的插图 , 以避免沙特在华盛顿的苏联举行的激动 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	sicbtv是上海媒体广播有限公司和ics的一家新广播电视客户端 , 使人们看到ics的编辑程序 , 既有自由的生活和vo 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 阿马拉南部的埃塞俄比亚城镇 , 皇帝墨尼克19号决定摧毁意大利人 , 以确保埃塞俄比亚独立认识 , 人口21 , 107 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是 , 在这个例子中 , 只有你才能认识到一些思想和智能的运动 , 我不会在这里说智能设计 , 智能设计实际上可以解决这个问题更有效的和正确的解决这个问题 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体报道 , 4月7日 , 英国4月7日在意大利中心意大利的强大地震 , 星期二 , 至少有1500人死亡 , 伤害了大约70名无家庭媒体 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事部队的军事官 , 摧毁者的帆船 , ddg-169武汉编码了ddg-169武汉 , 全面运动着重于快速反应、检查和模拟攻击 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗在所有这些事情中的消息是 , 我没有做错的事情 , 我只是在这里服从法律上 , 我就在这里 , 为了尊敬我的民族和我的民族传统 , 犹太人 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	像以前的攻击一样 , 星期三在香港北部的忙碌点区的事件显然被扔进一个附近的高层建筑区 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	雇佣水平最终由集体需求决定 , 集团需求是由于中央银行认为经济能承担的 , 没有嫉妒稳定价格的 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究对象是食用蔬菜整体食物 , 每周从脂肪中消耗了10%的热量 , 走过了30分钟 , 六天 , 使用压力的技术 , 每周到一次支持的支持组 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街道的共存 , 各种手工的南方 , 用ivory和木雕雕刻 , 森林鸟 , 花卉 , 形状的生活类似 , 是游客购物的地方 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究旨在描述正常台湾成年人正常强度标准 , 探讨年龄、性别、重量、数字长度对平均强度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州公路104个国家公路 , 北京上海铁路通过北部和南方运行 , 自从古代的 " fdbwa三 " 九省thoughfare " 地方 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年代和1970年代 , 由于大规模363英尺的火箭发射到月球宇航员到月球的月球 , 是最高的火箭 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何在远山区居住的mios女性如何知道尹阳鱼 , 汉文化的典型象征标志标志 , 体现了元阳哲学所谓的元阳阳哲学 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生说 , 周二和周二 , 学生在大学管理建筑外保留了几千名学生的和平示范 , 同时在学校的管理建筑外 , 学生们说 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严肃运行了17届cpc国会精神 , 为抗腐工作和诚实的政府建设 , 6岁 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 商务部发布了 " 数千名农村村 " 的商务部 , 飞行员告诉市场 " 正式发布 " 数千名农村村 " 的市场作品 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	建筑在其专家化的技术上 , 三星nx10运动了大型3.0 " 摩擦屏幕 , 发送远远的亮度和更清晰的lcd屏幕 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能导致波尔冰囊融化 , 迫使人类生活在凯文·费尔纳或波尔夫流域停止 , 使纽约市变成巨大的冰川城 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	根据结构风险微化原理 , 研究了误差panty参数c的影响 , 以及支持向量机的支持参数对支持向量机的支持能力 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过全名句子的分析和全名句子的概率逻辑系统 , 我们具有良好的解决方案 , 具有全名句子的接受性 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的路线上 , 克里斯托弗·克里斯托弗·赫奇 , 一个极端主义者 , 声称 , " 当时的喜剧家平坦总统 , 他们成为法庭主义者 , 这个国家成为一个巴纳共和国 。 "
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	作为丹尼亚公债总监詹姆尔·贝尔哈杰 , 把它放在唐尼亚 , " 这对我们保持固定和浮动率债务的最佳结合 , 是管理我们的债务服务成本的重要组合 。
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	设计访问引擎、柴油泵、齿轮泵、齿轮、刹车、asd、sr、电屋控制等电子控制系统 , 如引擎、柴油泵、柴油泵等 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	律师的联系应当根据律师法律法律法律规定执行专业自我监管法律 , 律师的律师法律律律律法律 , 律师的律师协会、律师协会、专业规定 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	老年创伤患者中循环功能的重要因素 , 可能主要是由低血压引起的主要原因 , 但对心脏不足分化而言 , 从心脏不足方面来说是必要的 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们在社会和情感学习中谈到五个核心竞争力 , " weisberg说 , " 自我意识 , 社会意识 , 关系技能 , 责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 净化 , 冷却 , 阻挡屏幕 , 旋转鼓屏 , 喷气扩散器 , 泵 , 水滤波器 , 带滤波器 , 污水泵和泵泵等设备 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了一种基于nullpler的oadm的基本原理和仿真方法 , 尤其是在ybranch结构的交叉交叉谈中 , 以及一种转换式磨削的耦合性能 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治·布什经常在10pm床上 , 托马斯·埃迪松 , 纳波伦 , 纳波逊 , 康多拉兹米 , 卡尔多州4.30米 , 希姆明威是那些被称为拉克斯的名字之一 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	结论:采用酸和碱溶解法 , 氨基酸分析和tg法制备了某些相互交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 指责联合国在某些传统武器 " 的协议 " 上 , 因此为提供集群武器的立法 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 根据经济价值 , 这些损失将进一步达到900亿美元 , 使总信用损失1.7亿美元的全面危机时期的1.7亿美元 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	星期五 , 苏巴奇的评论将于星期五再次投票700亿美元的保险计划 , 预计在周五 , 美国的代表家庭将于星期五下跌7亿美元 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可人希望向许可证人签署的许可证人承诺 , 为此提供资金 , 许可证人希望获得许可证人、非可签署的、地理上限制许可证人 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	根据发酵的瑜伽小时 , 我们用新鲜的牛奶作为原料 , 添加了稳定剂 , 蜂蜜 , 糖进入乳酸细菌产生水果香味饮料 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	诗人亚尼斯·瑞斯曾经称为蒙莫瓦斯 " 一艘石头船 , " 一个石头 " 的船只 , 以及那些曾经访问过 " 废墟 " , 地球美 " 的人们提供了 " 从现实世界上出现的一种新的逃避 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种情况下 , 胰岛素产生更多的补偿 , 与胰岛素有关 , 血液中胰岛素的高水平与胰岛素有关 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	本专利的支持公式 , amidn包含有效的临床证明了5个男性激素调制的临床成分 , 以解决男性激素调制的5个关键阶段 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行资源表示 , 虽然全部采取被看作是一张伸展 , 但一些公司可能在亚洲的眼睛中引发了hp在亚洲的竞争 , 例如中国莱诺夫集团有限公司和台湾的竞争机构.
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	论述了西安市农业结构调整的必要性和思考 , 根据农业现状的调查和分析 , 对湘南市农业现状进行了分析 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单基本模式垂直保护激光器的潜在应用 , 如光网、光连接、光电存储和激光印刷等 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年 , 德国防部支出的1.3%降低了1.3% , 因此 , 德国国防部推荐了几个军基地 , 削减了250万名军队 , 000名军队 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	朱林是新型的 , 重是她 , 但她对别人的眼睛有假设 , </p><qilin去了董事 , 坚持自己 , 导演欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	2008年第四季度等待增长的数字 , 就像mud对大多数分析师一样清楚 , 世卫第三季度经济实际上发生了什么样的努力 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全面的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的破产法 , 应该恢复目前的个人破产法缺乏个人破产法的缺陷 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过仿真和修改 , 获得了更准确的实验数据 , 获得了亚氨酸多米特光学曲线 , 最后得到了线性系数为0.95 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累答案 , 但因为我被提取 , x只是将更多的负面 , 随着它进入一个无限循环 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	副总裁乔·伯登今天在与nbc采访中回应共和党禁令 , " 我听到许多批评 , 但我从来没有听到任何事情的反应 。 "
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一种独特的环境 , 山坡范围对居住它的生活形式有着艰难的试验 , 然而 , 挑战提供适应和进化的必要动机 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 可以帮助葡萄糖等离子体的实验 , 具有理想的de值 , 能显著降低实验、节约人力资源、时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 乔治敦大学教育中心的主任罗伯特·斯格尔问安东尼·卡内瓦 , 乔治敦大学教育中心的主任 , 如果那个工作力是正确的 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个超son的商业 , 邀请你的精神或意义 , 一个信任的朋友知道你的业务 , 假如你能为您提供一个小时的费用 , 或是费用 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国在能源风险达到一点 " 型煤炭 " 的危险 , 当需求扩大国内生产能力 , 国内专家相信 , 国内需求将扩大国内生产能力 , 增长一些专家相信 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了雕塑陶瓷作品 , 尽管抽象是根据自然世界的 , 但简单曲线简单 , 挖掘了生物形状和结构增长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节约计划在儿童年轻时期的一个非常激进的资产组合上管理 , 随着孩子附近的孩子们在学校附近的更多保守的组合 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中晚期粉末 , 成熟的水果与小绿色、高淀粉、高质量、适合冻结的处理或粉末的粉末 , 植入早春 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国拥有4000家公司 , 根据百度资金签署了曝光第一季度 , 在客户中 , 百度广告只有161万家 , 004%的持有公司总额只有161万美元 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	越来越多的思考开放 , 观看雅虎开发商网络的采访 , 与nyt的桌面获得了frid , 高级软件建筑师在开幕后面的时候打开了这个男人 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在1990年推荐的icrp1990年 , 引入了一种新的重量因素 , 将重量因素作为替换吸收剂量平均超越isor机构的质量因素q 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	对连续语言信号的最大幅度的标记匹配算法进行了描述 , 基于语言信号的全局闭合实例的发现 , 提出了一种基于语言信号的连续信号的标记匹配算法 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	利物浦总统在昨晚访问的八场比赛中总统的利物浦经理 , 声称他 " 100% " 的球队将开始攀登这个表 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这种技术来目标gm植物时 , 我们可以简单地识别和杀死通用植物的gm株并没有打击传统植物的gm株 , " 她告诉scidv.net说 。
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上拖出来锻炼 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " 比尔克在msu的心理3教授billcpik说 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	虽然许多人继续识别黑色眼睛 , 但zoller说 , 虽然很多人从来没有在审计中出现风格 , 但只要它也不能太重视应用 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	上海、深圳、广州、22nd和23rd分别运动 , 中国城市获得了对大多数货币的增强 , 中国城市的增加了一定程度 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	结果 , 通常使用静态vxml文件 , 即使该选项提供了更少的灵活性、反应性和扩展性 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然保护 , 党的生活 , 后来 , 我们的情绪 , 智慧触摸着心灵 , 重新清新思想 , 强烈的海水 , 突然生活相对 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata , 另一家大型采矿公司 , 支持在多米尼克尔共和国的尼克尔矿 , 同时转换它的电力供应 , 而非在煤炭上运行的昂贵 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据重要价值 , 北京武山自然保留植被可分为3种植物类型、5种植物类型、42种植物类型、139种植物类型、植物类型和139个协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的东西 , 因为如果你和宇宙直径附近的答案 , 你会知道你可能会知道原子的直径 , 那么你会知道你可能会造成错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2003年1月15日、2010年1月21日 , 美国航天卫星上的先进空间热排放和反射辐射器在nasa的太空卫星上捕捉了这些伪造器图像 , 以及2003年1月21月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	深入了解生存单分子的功能 , 由于积累资料 , 转录学和蛋白学的积累信息 , 需要深入了解生存单分子的功能 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死亡海矿物改善皮肤细胞代谢 , 减少肌肉裂纹和稳定性 , 保护身体对流体损失和酸碱水平的保护 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司在采集、正常化、温度高、介质温度淬火、金属炉淬火、水泥、时间冻结、高温处理等领域 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	梅海燕 ; 南华大学的化学工程系 ; 东华大学化纤和聚合材料改造国家关键实验室 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约 , 美国:美国nasau县警察星期五在黑色购买电子商店的最佳买电子商店 , 标志着传统的购物季节的传统开始 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国帮助者罗德尼·坎宁汉姆的志愿者 , 感谢低收入家庭的感谢盒子 , 他将会让自己吃一盒盒盒盒子 , 喂养他的四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 吴子有一种保护能源 , " 孟京惠说 , 今年的剧院的艺术主任 , " 在内容和预算方面 , 他们给我们提供了完整的自由 。 "
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	经过欣赏展览后 , 列先生在展览上买了几种显示方式 , 并询问购买图片的业务 , 显示出心脏受到主人的作品的影响 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	本文从内部粘度、二甲醇含量、熔点、羧基末端、聚合粒子、粉末等方面分析了纤维素芯片的检测结果 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	随着儿子的眼睛 , 丰富的宽带大幅增加了美丽 , 纯洁的犹太人脸上发出了光线 , 显示出人们心脏发出完美的生物精神 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 元石皇帝库布拉伊在统一战争结束后 , 坚定发布了一个订单解决城市墙 , 严格禁止修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在移植动动脉冲中发现的肾脏缺血管和上皮细胞 , 直径管和全球管道 , 但同时igf1在移植动脉冲中均匀表达 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	一位职业教练朱莉·詹森说: " 我不知道我想要的东西 , 但我告诉我的客户不要说他们的薪水 。 "
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	任何水平的当地政府的预算包括通过更低水平的政府收入和收入的收入 , 或者更高水平的政府的补贴 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	你可能有一些愉悦、令人愉快、光亮的小时 , 即使在贫穷的房子里 , 设置阳光从窗户的窗户中反映出来 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少有20名当地马达拉斯学生已经消失了 , 大多数可能加入阿富汗战斗 , 塔利班背叛者甚至试图阻止传统音乐和舞蹈在婚礼上 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据中国医学院呼吸分支的诊断和程度 , 根据中医学院的诊断标准 , 选取81例中性支气管哮喘患者的81例患者 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这基于aix5.3出现的变化 , 当你不再需要把严格的maxclient转换成 , 增加fire和maxfree , 或者减少maxperm和maxclient 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	虽然在今天早些时候 , 华尔街所谓的恐惧标准下降 , 尽管在商人看到的一些原因购买保护的时候 , 尽管在股票上降低了.维克斯或维克斯.维克斯 , 华尔街的所谓恐惧标准 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	2004年 , 世界宗教会议会在1999年在澳大利亚坎普镇举行组织会议 , 南非 ; 2004年 , 巴塞罗纳 , 西班牙 , 2009年在澳大利亚建立了2009年 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在击败北美 , 在其流感季节结束 , 可能是病毒可能会彼得和再现秋天 , 但这给我们准备好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 每场比赛都很好 , " 拉姆奥多星期六说 , " 因此我们下了10分钟 , 离开了七分钟 , 六分钟 , 我们知道我们可以回来 , 赢得这场比赛 。 "
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , 建立和证明tmcs的工作流程 , 进入企业客户系统的系统依赖于航空书籍和gds的服务能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	在一份声明中 , 保守消防部队的执行副总裁billshine说 , 保守消防队签署了多年的交易 , 作为一个狐狸新闻发布商 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	国际社区在最近几个星期 , 美国高级官员承认的投票中花了500万美元的资金 , 将远远远离完美的投票 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	他们补充说: " 因此 , 在设计研究黄酮类食物、抗氧化剂活性和变性疾病的研究中 , 需要考虑饮食习惯 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后 , 我们还可以实现octet稳定性和电子转移 , 如果你看看电子的元素 , 只有一个少量的电子在稳定性或少量的电子平台上 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效位置算法和误差估计 , 提出了基于切比-hev地图的公钥方案 , 并提出了一种基于切比hev地图的关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇、三甲醛和氨基酸合成 , 制备了六种新型schiff基底三甲基三甲基三甲基三甲基三甲基三甲基三甲基三甲基 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带来了一些旧包裹案件和碎片椅的座位 , 以及那种类似的东西 , 把它们从rafter到rafter上传播到rafter上 , 以便使它们变成一块地板 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 可口可乐南太平洋广告称 " 母亲&mybus " , " 澳大利亚女演员克里·阿姆斯特强说 , 澳大利亚女演员克里·阿姆斯特朗是 " 孩子安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 人胚胎外交纤维细胞株kmb17细胞的恶性转化 , 可能有可能导致人类的癌症 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光对单晶硅薄膜基质或单晶硅硅基质的增长 , 以及单晶硅硅基质的沉积缓冲层 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私人二级学校不可能成功地成功 , 学校必须拥有高质量的学生 , 吸引高素质的学生 , 学校必须有很高的质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论h2的表达状况与胃心腺癌密切相关 , 是胃癌的阳性表达指标 , 是胃心腺癌的较差预后指标 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcrr-4mrna表达法对两种细胞线中的cxcr4mrna表达进行了研究 , 并采用流式细胞分析法对cxcr4表达进行了研究 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	尽管华尔街预期不会错过 , 因为纽约的生活保险保险公司提高了155亿美元的美国生活保险公司的资本 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	如格罗维或ruby这样的语言中建立脚本更容易阅读 , 更容易 , 更容易地阅读 , 编译代码 , 以及构建脚本可以更好的结构 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马的秋季没有毁坏新文化中最重要的张力和重要的方面之一 , 罗马的天主教堂 , 成为新文化的中心事实 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西利先生领导了杜普 , 最大的联合党是一个80岁的抗议者克莱 , 他曾经花费了他的生命宣布与共和党领导人如阿达姆斯先生那样的赞同思想 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国婴儿体育家正在退休 , 欧洲市场正在贪婪 ; 印度 , 中国大量的学生大量的高品质候选人数 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年 , 新生电影 " chinatown " 基于内部的土地格拉伯 , 以及1930年与owenens谷居民的水电部战争了1930年的水电和电源部 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	利用gb/t-19230.2003指定的测试方法 , 研究了不同油在空气输入阀和燃烧室的影响 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果有几百多名海地人能够迁移 , 这些海地人 , 这些海地人 , 荷兰或萨尔维亚数字表明 , 海地的承诺将给海地经济带来巨大的影响 , 继续加盟 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记住 , 中国拒绝对日本的游客 , 并且保持了三分之一的日军力量 , 阻止其它合作力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我猜我说 , 虽然我并没有做出巨大的直接金融输入到我们家庭中 , 但志愿者的工作足够足够有人得到付款 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回气氛越来越多 , </p><p>11周的老雨碗和一起吃 , 两个人在老周里感觉好信号 , 如果一个好的话 , 就会感觉到很好 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	比如英国联合国联合传统政治参加 , 包括贸易联合会、绿色和草地集团等相对新的竞选团体 , 比如英国联合国 , 英国联合国的相对新竞选团体 , 将加入传统的政治观点 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	采用双峰特征 , 指出了平衡地区的平衡温度 , 其中至少有两次水碳填充在平湖形成水库中存在 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	这种流体很热 , 造成了超级普通古生物温度达到50°c , 至少32倍以上的碳酸盐岩的氢生成率增加了普通的32倍 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	采用高温蒸汽制备高温蒸汽 , 研究了高温蒸汽对绿茶含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧轨迹的几何模型 , 建立了其分析方法 , 提出了目标攻击分析目标的几何模型 , 提出了目标攻击分析的新算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我的意见上 , 晚宴会可以加强朋友之间的友谊 , 但不会忘记我们不应该把别人的痛苦 , 而且享受自己的享受 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	例如 , 展览室的各种功能:会议室、信息发布室、食物站点和广告列等12个透明的橙色圆柱 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中海文化的礼物 , 全球文化大使最后将在印度海洋上举行 , 将于2012年 , 印度海洋美丽的阿希拉戈国家seychelle 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业巡逻室附近城市文明馆 , 日本总是注意参与世界博览会 , 确保它不会失望你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧和东欧 , 澳大利亚 , 中东 , 东南亚和美国 , 我们每月都有规则的船舶 , 以及许多这些地点 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三十五十二条合同的有限订单可能表示 , 必须立即执行订单 , 否则必须立即执行完全或其他人 , 立即执行 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的忠诚对他的主权 , 江蒙江是一个诗人、学者和著名部长 , 相信在朝鲜和韩国同时期的儒家主义和著名部长 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	女性的服装 , 装饰 , 夹克 , 夹克 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 分成裙子 , 裤子 , 裤子 , 手镯 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部和短暂 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	拥有 " 大型商务 " 的声音是绘制颜色地球的声音 , 作为良好的信仰者或未来的蓝印中描述 , 或指出未来的一代宏观 ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	结果发现 , gekogekogecko可能改善患者的卵巢功能 , 血管功能 , 血管功能 , 血管不孕等等 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的:探讨用电镜检查和访问神经元检查 , 提高脑血浆损伤的诊断率和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	结合一些项目示例 , 计算了桥梁可导航宽度 , 并对其进行分析 , 提出了几种建议 , 实现目前导航标准 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这支乌拉队中留下了一个令人惊讶的意外 , 马西·佩里拉的伤病时刻 , 最后一分钟的比赛转变成了荷兰的守卫时间 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月270年3月27日出生在华盛顿湖丁顿 , 是一位爱尔兰裔美国歌手玛丽的歌手 , 以及一个非洲的工程师父亲 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地军队的安静利亚松司机 , 导致驾驶员说他们可以面对他们的旗帜飞行并打击一名行员或一个循环飞行员 , 并伤害他们 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 随着以色列的六天战争的记忆 , 他在阿拉伯思想中造成了一名犹太女子 , 巴布拉斯斯斯·斯雷斯和在电影里的女孩吻合了四个女人 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄站在后面 , 小溪通过软绿谷的溪流 , 就像海洋的三年的暴雨和激情的三岁的孩子一样少 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品不仅表达了抑郁的历史和不稳定的民间诗歌的不稳定灵魂 , 而且达到了当前事务的完美融合 , 以及社会美特色的美学特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	2008年他首次在第一次两次电影中打出了真空电影时 , 最模特帕丁森承认他仍然在被用来获得球迷hystia , 因此他在2008年首次打败了真空电影的爱德华 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	ocampo说 , 当危机没有折叠和市场对所有银行进行评估 , 投资者看起来很廉价的股票 , 预计在18到24个月的正常收益 , 预计18个月的收入正常化为24个月 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 进一步的武器切割 , 两者希望 , 可以顺利推动电池非扩散治疗2010年的五年的综述 ;
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年7月7日 , 2010年世界杯半决赛中 , 西班牙的普莱尔·普莱尔在2010年7月7日在德国目标保障制造商在2010年7月7日举行了半决赛 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	在恢复过程中 , 福特表示 , 将开始推动其库存水平在近几个月内保持的400万辆汽车水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街说 , 总理戴维·卡梅隆决定停止作为他的个人摄影师 , 因此避免 " 公开发布的错误信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自从2010年2月选举以来 , 元科夫奇先生在两个方向上移动 , 巩固自己的个人力量 , 同时也追求欧盟的经济整合 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 单杠式水力盘前刹车 , 液压后刹车 , 挂着钢轮 , 进入红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天的大电视屏幕上 , 伊丽莎白 , 42岁的伊丽莎白 , 她的父亲与她的24年或0小时之后 , 她的父亲一起面对着她的父亲 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织人员希望餐厅将提高185万美元的皇家公园 , 为第二部电影提供场景 , " 桥琼斯: " 桥梁边缘理由的边缘 " 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自1956年英国独立以来 , 苏丹北部领导人在反叛的南方扩大了他们的力量 , 在过去的48年中 , 曾经有11名民事战争 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	直到十九世纪伟大的考古发现 , 直到十九世纪 , 二十世纪 , 对于我们来说 , 古代的伟大文明 , 我从东面抽出了一个显著的生活地图 , 我从东面画出来的地图 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福dc.伯恩斯坦分析师jeffreylindsay分析师jeffreylindsayayaoyahoy估计yahoo的标准价值接近25美元的股票 , 使微软或谷歌上涨2美元 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	突然他有一个危机 , 我不会进入银行的深度 , 因为他们希望更多的钱和我们的投资银行 , 华尔街对抵押贷款发布不同的印象 , 因为他们希望让我们的投资银行更多的钱和更多的投资银行发布不同的纸牌 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品 , 总共381磅 , 因此 , 将他们分布为欧洲学者 , 杰达瓦教授在他的 " 引入马达米基 " 的引入中写道 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家isobekatsushiro和mizunoryo继续遵循日本美丽的理想风格 , 一幅画出了他的铅笔的昆虫世界 , 另一个建立了它的鸟类大气 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有许多其他旅游区 , 比如欧元岛 , 模板海盗 , dolafsolafs , costaul , costauul , 科斯塔多拉 , 飞机多达等 。 大多数游客都没有知名的游客和地方 。
