there is a television in the middle of living room .	在生活室中心有电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新建筑上 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果必要 , 我们将发送电信回家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	你把他们固定在你第一次的厨房里 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	难以置疑的朱克斯塔位置是不可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他过去的猫在顶部的地方 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但是他的老师评论道: " 你还不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是中国梦的一年 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	2010年10月17日 , 我将加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里无什么影响 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料的供应非常加强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种步行牵引器在柴油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了塑料封面为类型的作家 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它有刚果红的螺旋结构 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是学生 , 我们免费电费 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是心理学家梦想在晚上 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那时他不会突然留下来 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	评论者的评论 ; 荣耀 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人嫁给赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元的奖励 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多要求一点沉淀吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力受到反应力的影响 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	联系旧知识 , 揭示新课程 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	明确华清池 , 是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	我的小烛火烧了出来 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我被称为 " wikiwikiki " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	病人受伤 , 死亡受伤 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	指出每个阀门的操作声水平 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们被划成直线 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	地方是在布莱尔港看鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在维罗塔回来后 , 巴黎的一党 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	有些人来自狭窄的jail细胞 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	当夫妇回家时 , 沙玛问她丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我采取深入的吸入 , 压抑着新鲜 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	2003年至2007年早晨我是一名编辑者 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	如此伟大的胜利是不合理的预期 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近在公司做了很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但是 , 固定的鸭子是物种之间的凝聚 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听到那样的话 , 她的脸向嘴唇走了白色 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	这并不足以说有一些经济增长 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子是多脏的 ! 它有很多尘埃 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后约书亚让人们离开 , 每个人都到他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	在案例中 , 字符libra的碰撞应该遵守 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	在家路上 , 几个旅客希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了dap主页的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆车来了 , 一辆汽车去 , 两辆车港 , 一人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古代的野生独自和海豚连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我对我的荣幸感到愤怒 , 我不知道这件事 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是绑定/unbind方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多·布洛姆有几个破碎的肋骨 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲里是一种特殊的负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活中最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是计划3的对方 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	即使孩子 , 摩西也选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家家的家庭变成教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看到parleys.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的沙迪房间和干燥的地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	详细地给出了每个观察它们的选项 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在一家宠物店买了一个喷雾沙波o 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性被系统使用 , 并不应被修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 杰克的狗小了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰罗忘了 , 他自行车下跌了 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	参加者:当然 , 奶奶和糖 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的接待是最平坦的种类 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅再次见到约翰的公园 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我已经失去了我的词典 , 请给我留下你的 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英文文是如此困难的 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这就是我们如何去fahrehereheit规模 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说话 , 她没有与世界联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由交叉段连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克拉默:我发现美国的主动性很高 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去通常所有的技术博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	不 。 这是人们如何参考小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她病人等待法国完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁都有以下基本属性
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些包装是各种用于pliers的包装 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接穿过阿拉科建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400伟大的vowel转移开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为零售的单子属性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的哥哥哥和妹妹妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	那么 , 家庭保护怎么做 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 弗里亚发现她的口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 没有人和他一起曾经是他一起的 。 "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在 , 在磁学课前我们在那里有很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米比苏 。 苏比李更小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	柔软的皮肤 , 红唇 , 所以可吻 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意元数据存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他作为敏感但强大的记者 , 他是完美的 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	所有它看起来都是所有的元素 , 并且行为相同 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	必须修改文件系统 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	你是说 , 你是否拥有吗 ? 父亲 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	周一你觉得我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	通过软件开关设置支持j1939 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生们一直在与星节工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	赢家是第一次在一个空间里画三人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张斌简单回答 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看不到更令人惊讶的肌肉制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛棕色变成小的峰值 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	离开她的爱人 , 她离开了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个示例php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的是 , 不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个公园 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻通过观众发出了一名欺骗者 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后电池驱动车轮 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请向学校返回完整的表格 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张图片价值一千个单词 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这完全是错误的答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名性 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 冰冻 , 海浪回来 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	这只轮胎是老的 , 已经平滑了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的伙伴本周可能是可怕的 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我一直对我所有的权利感的行动相反 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	移除链驱动轮 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是校园里的英雄性格 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但是 , 命运并没有给他们带来机会继续 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要把它放在水平上 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子在传送机上太近了 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	税务人:好吧 , 你的行李是吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	增加现实的表数是由rinc的 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送往大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一声叫道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联人骑士在他的ararmor里死亡 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水走下他的喉咙 , 他开始吃饭 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花朵和精神一样 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们生活在什么地方 ? 是好或坏的 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一条铜牌 , 驾驶着河 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 或者否则最大标准 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	不 , 我觉得你能去 , 我甚至不能得到旗帜呢 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的教堂里 , 路上一分钟 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督对他的母亲说 , 她想哭 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道了50年的最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你认为这些想法是更加抽象的事情 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个学期 , 我一年看见父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法对甲醇原材料进行溶解 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	我对她的眼睛来说 , 爱情轻淡 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但是信用是汽车业的生命血 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者对你有一个序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你是否有经历在你的帕贾玛里出去吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬头发强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和他的妻子是一对快乐的夫妻 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 关于它将涉及的事情有很多不确定性 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决策快速的时候 , 因此我们就感到厌倦了 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	玩完后我会直接回家 , 你怎么办 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行动并不符合他的话语 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 , 他高又强壮 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但是他们太恐怖了睡眠 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写了这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一名帕根...谁崇拜的偶像 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在这个数字游戏中它转换为1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请改变单房间 , 洗澡 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但是关于改变的事情是令人失望的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行官从来没有看到任何事情 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	很喜欢 , 她匆匆匆匆匆匆匆匆地走出房子 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	苦苦的冲击生命 ; 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它把我们的房子变成葬礼的帐篷 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或许幸存是一个更好的单词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以这是解决液体混合物的地方 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能给我留下一个城镇吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	输入箱后输入几行新行 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	绿色是否在这里来了 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有的通信都在写作中 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天的时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以在家里引起钻石 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	一个网站被选为新学校 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他把兄弟取代为进球员 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的花朵 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周也许是个例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导体:银镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	然而我还没有从jet晚上恢复过来 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	火炬象征着亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮充满了西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生儿中提起了那些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但首先 , 有人必须把他们带进他们的运输罐子里 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们的房间 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后照亮火上的东西 , 燃烧它 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章节在我们的图书馆中可用 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住这是坏的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 不管怎样 , 债务会大 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	然后我记得回来 , 我在家路上遇见你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们每个头都停下钟 , 每桶3200美元 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有点钟问题 , 你需要修改这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司法设备 , 用户需要联系我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不会根据人民的愿望 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我叫做时 , 他正在讨厌汉堡的时候 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上护照大小照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	大象 , 你的耳朵像圆柱 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嘿 , 你周五是免费的 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.roundrobin的顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我在工作上忽视它 , 伤害了我的心 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得那个笑容里有些风 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿飞可以把植物干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场18岁 , 河板18岁 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	到了路上 , 我不想一夜飞行 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过公交车 , 因为他迟到了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 枪手里 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 , 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑不放在项目0中 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么所有在岛屿上找到的最佳党 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有直接和上切 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	房间里的房间里放了一个新的停车 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	该公司是一家电子产品的世界领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一轮轮轮胎被暗示 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	开发了费米操作符的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深刻的事情 , 正如你教的那样 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 ! " 梅格解释道 。
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 你需要给它一些数据解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9锤钻每个湾 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来那么令人惊讶的是 , 我在他身上拿着钱 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	那是我第一爱 , 我也怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你是否需要在非hk股票交易 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在已经在我家里了20年了 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗会学不到新的小狗 。
minutes of board committee meetings	董事会委员会会的几分钟会议 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们在饥荒中找到了保护 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头部停下来 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员有一个高层孔 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	区分l值和r值之间的价值 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	shine , 你不能有任何障碍 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好的 , 我离开了五分钟 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是大象的一段时间 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	张力计可以做到足够小的 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远离大连来自lvshun ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	灯光逮捕器安装在哪里 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 诚挚的心 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国迅速上升了这个共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会赢得背骨的战斗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	它鼓励你 , 相反 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	我记得曾经几年前来到这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员对心平和平 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图在火中保持他的头 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看吗 ? 像食物一样吃饭的人 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛闪烁着缓慢和快乐 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	他说: " 现在我们必须有可持续的 , "
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方来获得创业资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们是独立的 , 但他们是互补的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵在一条栏子里躺下来 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 非常清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你要去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把声音降到一名威斯特的声音 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本天然气设备检测装置 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是个白色的sox粉丝 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最爱的三角形 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是把你的财物带到你身边 。 "
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我非常完全 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的部分利益是不可保障的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望下次他能看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤亨清 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书籍和衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但是这也是一个存在的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	船只打破岩头 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他被必要的驱动到偷窃 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班里有五十个学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我要买那美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你很高兴在麻烦的水里钓鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我会把我的叶子拿到 , 像蝴蝶一样 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一个3picemafiastyle适合 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	帕斯奎尔·吉尼塔:确保有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	研究结果表明 , 本品种并没有发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	牛津已经给世界带来了很大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长规定放在pencil框中 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	其他人说 , 如果他们欺骗 , 或者滥用你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	当你的脑部锁定时 , 你怎么会怎么把握 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	如果我有翅膀 , 我会飞到月球 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	好的 , 我的贝尼实际上是我的吗 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树时 , 年轻的时候 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们是哈佛 , 所以我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	他的帽子和他的冷却都失去了 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一位1970年代的停车仍然给他发病 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他在胸膛里拿着温格 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	国防很高兴他们的到来 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想要绿莓成为我的调查员 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还为这本书写了前面 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维罗特说 , 她将达到边界 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	男人从我的口袋里抽出一笔笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她会在晚上跑过她的线路 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽踢得更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在沉重雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆雪了 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿那件坏的衣服呢 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	我们必须在索菲亚回来时开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	当她说的时候 , 我看着牛仔 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼斯 , 你在谈论什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	牛肉就像皮革一样艰难 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你有没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	晚上有多长时间来做晚衣 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫能影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗衣机电机v带 ;
the young tree has struck root .	那棵年轻的树木已经根了 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂拿出来 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学英语歌曲 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须明显地下降 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 这是黑暗的 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们允许我们的存在 , 这些变化 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你需要两个文档 , 然后把它们挖出来 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	一个好的系统验证测试器是什么 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你说的最低点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校 , 但生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李丽打败吉姆 , 赢得第一位 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	奎:你每次都有性别吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人觉得那么冷 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	感谢你叫日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华救我们从所有遗产中拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴会告诉他们 , 他们已经拍了我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	猴子李梅尔在哪里去 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢得了一些 , 你失去了一些 。 这是生命 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那一年 , 那天 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体被发现在地板孔里 。
knive are used to cut things .	knive被用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何不雨雨 , 天山如何才能成功 !
peace is always relational .	和平总是关系 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克·鲁塞尔做什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要把她离开她的职责 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 威斯特尼亚的花朵是吗 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想知道这个夜晚会带来什么 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你忘了我这么爱情 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进树林里 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	阿:为了阻止你们 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	杰夫喜欢与杰登玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想被告知成长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	不过你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油改变之前 , 停止停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	入侵者在城里拍摄 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有的事情都改变 , 我们和他们改变了 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以 , 他们从门外开车 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我认为他们的最后一场胜利只是一场流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	此外 , 他只是一个孩子 。
lily some money me the other week .	另一个星期里 , 莉莉有些钱买我 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是巴西利第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们奖励他们等待 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试着睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以用手术治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	并且它的政府被抓住了 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在帕特里克买一辆牛肉吗 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听到有人跳舞 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好种子的草原 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须在docot上改变列车 。
beat me half to death with it .	打我半到死了 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃太多的汉堡手机 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她很喜欢吃惊 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后在周末的艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	狼的轨道是多大的 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大动脉可溶性 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上的大坝 。
the bill was sent to her room .	这个账单被送给她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	你的汽车手册或自动化 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它帮助你不会在那么多的内部 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这是我认为金融是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他身上 , 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	程序的程序是什么独特的 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我从来没有请他们吗 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎新爸爸的指导 !
losers hangout with losers .	失败者汉戈的失去者 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	感觉到羞耻的感觉是她的 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候的座椅带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家人 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来了我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请开一点点快点 !
tingting seems nervous .	丁丁似乎是紧张的 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是鸟类观察员 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把接收机挂起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发风格 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手味着鱼 。
but there's reason for hope .	但是希望有理由的原因 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的论文如何从订单中取出订单 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一个震动 , 然后走出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎样把价格放在生活上 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你知道什么 , 他是怎么理解的 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像脂肪猫一样 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得同样的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同领导风格的工作 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有很多方法杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里有很多油罐 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳索在这里 , 一个绳索 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们把刀绑在一起 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义了三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花了金像土壤一样的土壤 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些放在转身上 。
power elevation mill head .	电力激励米头 。
that gives me the creeps .	这给我带来了蠕虫 。
ianto: that's just me .	艾托:那只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是安德萨兹的主人 。
it was from the sugar i think .	我觉得这是来自糖的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么重新修正为什么 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得超越太热了 !
and put bomb craters in there .	把炸弹爆炸炸炸炸炸弹在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧播放了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我已经拿了一些小班了 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动和股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	滑到大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我喜欢马德里 !
it does have intentions .	它有注意力 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	迷人死了 !
what is the name of that process ?	那个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的阿森克朋友之一...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小的 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自我明星吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建a.tc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但是它仍然是我做好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 , 这是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	那么 , 我怎么做这件事 ?
when did you start to act ?	当你开始行动时 , 你开始行动 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢山坡吗 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的祖母 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是个工作穷人吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学习汉语 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 赌场上去了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的事 。
what's montague ?	什么是蒙特加盟 ?
time never comes back .	时间永远不会回来 。
as in organ donor .	作为有机捐赠者 。
are you a salesman ?	你是个销售商吗 ?
we just don't know .	我们只是不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做到 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础的 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉它 !
d a digit	d一个数字d 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车规模施工过程简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	轻的父亲匆匆匆匆匆匆匆匆忙救你们...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发人员谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	照片俱乐部拍摄了一张照片拍摄旅行 , 更多 。
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以我们在20世纪中期做出的选择必须是一个非常聪明的 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单位矢量 , 那么我应该将这段时间延长 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	威比亚那年有巨大的铁墨石 , 香港说 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续作为学校的主任卡比先生 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这个代表事故电子的总能 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近年来 , 大脑的水库成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义下 , 它是自编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	失败了 , 或者不能完成父母期待的预期 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	战斗快速 , 当你高雅克时 , 赶下了巨大的香港河 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将修复自己 , 或者可以留下几年不修复 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践了面部表达 , 我就像一只狼一样 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这发生了五次或六次 , 猴子很愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	所以我们认为dwarf突变剂 " ddf1 " 是气敏 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	正如在佛罗里的部落 , 所以在上帝的王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有很多传奇关注兰特节的起源 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	而在女性的情况下 , 这通常包括性假设 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	睡眠是防止颈癌发生的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	关闭笔门的门口 , 防止羊离开 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	听到的多态度是在他的医学里的承诺 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	参议员:我看到你自己是个马龙鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈妈 , 我会教她去骑边 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它为一起运行的应用程序提供了机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	台海有另一个名字 , 福西 , 一个古代三皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twists可以帮助减轻内部器官和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	雄性马拉德鸭是他们长期的精神生殖病的著名 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如此 , 即使解决立即问题 , 问题仍然存在 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	然后看到 , 你的行走环境 , 不像愚蠢 , 却像智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	橡胶山 ; 有限元建模 ; 静弹性特性 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创造中国世界杯上海拉高公路体育场建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领域 , 这个问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	是否你是否去或不了 , 但是周末我只有时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人来说 , 我认为他的最大的抽屉是像一个或更多的双重用户 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误的方向下喝得非常醉 , 模糊了家 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	数字从阿富汗贸易联盟获得支付 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到 , 我们只有一个生命 , 还能加强那种信服 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个快乐是不可思议的 , 来自农民的廉价的黄金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	那天没有否认自己的任何人都必须从他的人民中削减 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	福尼酒店开始适应两个人和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪华西安事故和罗拉的意义 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:好吧 , 我是凯瑟·琼斯 , 你的名字是什么 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	麦米是瘦的朋友很好 , 所有最好的祝福都是最好的 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	这个螺栓后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗尼 , 鸟和牛仔喝蜜蜜 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好的 , 这是一个直接的 , 或者 , 还是不会吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场繁荣是稳定的 , 货物供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都反对他们 , 书店 , 因为你知道 , 你知道 , 你们都知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期债务责任的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	你可能意识到在数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	您还可以尝试用于google的先进命令的尝试 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们也在希腊的美国社区里激烈的情绪 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市都有城乡双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他真的不会错过 , 他是一位伟大的总统 。 "
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个稍微的金属声音 , 像硬币一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我正在完成 , 没有一个歌曲 , 舞蹈 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停止消息 , 男孩 , 我想做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	可用于任何函数的入口或出口的痕迹钩子 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我在商业前来了 , 但这次我在这里看到 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季小时 " 是美国的一个长期建立的机构 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	它看起来大多数中国人使用一个修改的emule , 缓冲服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局的格鲁斯特董事会 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的睾丸有助于把几个吸引剂放在酒吧后面 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试我们最好的减少损害到一个小时 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	75%的德国每天吃早餐 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	谷歌谷歌网络探索商的市场份额与chrome共享 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	这是我爸的第一年 , 我的爸爸买了赛季票 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还祝福我们 , 我们能记住我们以前的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	手行铁路和禁车人应当为无锈钢管构建 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天安平方是世界上最大的平方 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化股骨性肾炎疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	应力适用于塑性变形 , 金属通常压缩 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是我国最大的粮食生产区之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里·布莱尔在乔治·奥威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个虫子 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了促进这个任务 , birt提供数据探索器视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:好吧 , 凯尔斯医生 , 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	塞尔吉奥:是的 , 是的 , 但是他们有最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	令人惊讶的男孩能够快速解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	假设你有一个子团队在私人分支工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了时代和杂志心理 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经建立了科学中的二分数 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术是沟通的 , 也许人们可以从这方面获得一些尊重的东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我的意思是 , 你已经谈论如何不适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 是一个手持的计算机吗 ? " 小说问道 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新思想正在渗透到年轻时代的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	另外一个细节我喜欢这张照片 , 作物脚 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来更强烈的雨水期间的干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员在搜索他的或她的图书馆的时候 , 每个球员都在寻找他或她的图书馆 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	然后 , 创造就在三神的相互爱中根据了 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你要做他们永久的话 , 你会在哪里削减花费 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	除了代码性能之外 , 好的程序员会为代码清晰度做出努力 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的兄弟学会骑自行车 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季的季节是我们的 , 和它来到浴室的季节 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在日常使用之前玩它 , 例如错过重要调用 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们习惯于大型非毒性动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是第一次英国人和其他人一起接触的时候 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	大英国野花上没有什么东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究不同家庭pair的可分离性abelean群 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	任何尺寸限的范围都应该被包装成更小的一个 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个瘦的 , 白发男子坐在木头座位上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但是 , 他仍然承认基督徒 , 因为他们面对死亡的途径 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五步 , 你可以帮助你的机器跑得更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	这份报告在埃利娜·奥蒂兹的伤口边缘发现了头发的报告 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , cms存储数据库中的所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	该过程与论文流速率的方法相似 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的母亲正在为客户包装一些香蕉冰箱 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	左边是罗马皇帝哈里亚的一个寺庙 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接是由消息接收器做的 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:吸烟有毒于tadpole 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效应和罗根理间隔 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我倡导所谓的 " 小城英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了采用钛计的应用条件及方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	咖啡因无论是咖啡因禁止细胞不清楚 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	9to5工作计划提供足够的时间放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ? 这个类型的几个例子 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船员不能找到任何东西 , 把船里的缝纫挂在船上 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名死亡士兵躺在一个残疾状态下 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	你总是可以在下午或下午的时候去处理 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年的贫困线总数:815 , 755
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	康南居民说这架飞机已经破坏了三块 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国庆的来临 , 我有一个星期的假期 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应物在表现上是激烈的 , 但现实的费用 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	这个男孩打起了他的强点 , 减少了他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这里有些地方我们还没有拖着摩尔利 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我目前生活的一个必要城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须进行调查 , 直到所有事实都被发现 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了周围诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	乘客用海病变得非常绿 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请用清洁纸后用清洁纸来排放 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一名诺贝尔沃曼在她自己的右边举行了vis账户的排名 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	这样做会帮助减少城市污染的危害效果 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多专业技术为考古学提供了贡献 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态经济生产力和森林产业的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算结果在数据的每个分区上均行平行并行 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员已经确认炸弹作为汉武云 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道肌肉瘤是一种不常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	故障字符串是人类可读的故障描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	共同开展各种部门的努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不会遇到这两个条件的任何一个 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这件事吗 ? 你没有比别的事情呢 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	米托克隆德里亚的危机密切地安排了 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早上 , 大多数的山塘应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我觉得这会让人笑着展览的人 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些酒吧 , 有些东西来平静这个男人呢 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你继续收集 , 时候你会有财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	两人都呼吸着同样的热情 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我爱新奥尔良 , 但我想回家去塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁的 , 所以我会很慢地做电影 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	感谢奥巴马所有的鼻子切割 。 你大傻瓜 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们所做的事情 , 应该为所有无限的感情 , 回到这里 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 去年年底 , 它已经发现了:它是一个虚假的警报 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数人都要求他们接受的辩护 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我觉得非常沮丧 , 不要觉得做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要的步骤 , 也可以成为调整最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	蜘蛛们也对开发信任更加复杂 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制人士说 , 沙利波夫已经报道 , 船员感到很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	在自己的力量上 , 通过艰难的努力实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	阿:绝对的是 , 它给球队提供了一个成绩的机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你形成的桥梁方式和你所知道的所有人都是由这种活力构成的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们两个裙子和裤子看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗室里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端是蓝龙和白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	为马尔瓦尔沃尔有金在他们身边的代理日志里 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	对不起 , 第二位年轻师 , 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺玛 , 因为她是真正的人 , 永远不会放在旁边 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨天晚上神摧毁了我的灵魂 , 放在一个新的灵魂中 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	从边缘到典型的黑色旅游发展 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	愿我们与爱情和信心、幸福和慈善的伴侣一起生活 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 另一种形式是分享神的话 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我把头埋在安静下 , 但我的姨妈听到我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿石和石油股市移动较低 , 尤其是伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的成像发现从未在文献中报道 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三大学生有交通教育课程 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	好几次 , 充满谋杀的看法会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我特别喜欢的椅子是一个特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是两个月的煤炭的悲剧性的两个月 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二次出来 , 我们做什么 ? 告诉我怎么做 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节价win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	女性来自上帝的祝福 , 必须遵守 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	它不容易在物理考试上掌握 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济探索显著的恶化 ; 或是经济的恶化 。
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿里斯托邦的鸟儿----------down负载pdf
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和拖动从开始到端点 , 你希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	在巴西尔 。 斯潘在米饭里吃饭 。 服务 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件对应的应用软件 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但是 , 除非你结婚 , 否则继承它或工作很难 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观的角度看到他们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界能否真正保持这种巨大的风险 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 有大量火焰细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:$56 , 400美元 , 97400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称 , gizmo甚至可以提高你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天是否有可能的fme来看看人类的哈尔堡 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风地下 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	阿尔克斯:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿跟我一起去 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后一只腿约翰举行了他 , 然后开始把他拿起来 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离开丈夫 , 现在只住在一起 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	前列化是花30分钟的时间寻找正确的笔 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束面具的东西 , 到了舒斯的椅子 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的女性有毛发吗 ?
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	由mccormack微线驱动提供的体积控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉到如果他们正在用线杆擦拭我的脸 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西是农业领导人 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短规模时间系列具有多分形性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我命令了头发的蟹 , 但是你给我带来了绿色的蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从厚的公共汽车背后射出毒箭 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国心理的文化符号的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推动前进和成功将最终遇到你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以将任何电子邮件地址转换成谷歌账户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷关并不可接受 " 一个 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海口是海南省海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的董事王康教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了偶像模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	这是米饭菜、汤和巴斯塔的伟大的补充 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	一个好的画面 , 每一幅画面都在画面前表现出来 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想添加佛山 , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的瑞典 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	圆桌的男人有很多心去消失他们 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能甚至不会冒险伤害或饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知道的 , 互联网的特点是明显的和双重的 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚一样 , 人们如何穿着不同的衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	用手 , 你可以在任何地方享受你的花茶 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	真空喷油机用来室外使用 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云时 , 我是寒冷的 , 令人悲伤的 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我会感到痛苦 , 让我围绕着那些不快乐的事情 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你叫它一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记得吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后 , 他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一个和每个后续的bezier扩展只需三点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	神话与神话的地方 , 无论是一个真正的破裂 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	我们参观的第二个地方是莫纳科村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮钩做得更容易和更快的衣服 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这个时候 , 它是商业喷射工业的那些哭泣的人 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后更改默认的门口 , 打击输入关键二倍 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后 , 本文讨论了jmi的程序和应用程序 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	西希罗丰田表示 , 他不会回忆会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全惊讶于奇怪和自然的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的事情 , 零没有存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	爱好者在我们中期生活和平 , 缓慢发展 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	蜡烛板是所有观众portlet都放置的地方 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼·加迪 , 从西班牙、主要的物体 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接待者问: " 你曾见过医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后 , 一个无数的工具-------------------------------------
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火灾 , 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天有七节课 , 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是在地球上打开门口的一个 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们有银行系统和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃撞击桌子的角落 , 破坏了影响 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	后来的船已经消失了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多人都想要关系和孩子 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	味着蜜蜂在传递中失去路径 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以在哪里吃真正的驴子来消灭它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫做友谊7的小帽子里 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 我没有未来的事情 , 你知道 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐败是实践和理论的重要问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得我跑进野心 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学拥有良好的教师团队 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	但是 , 强大的压力器规则可能会把蛋糕带走 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染器决定您最终渲染器的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花 , 闪耀着岩石的土地 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	只有对那些人来说 , 作为母语的工程 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录清单的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	亚当和艾德森的花园里与上帝交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	平平平的母亲是地区护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家把假针放到我的静脉里 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请根据合同的复制 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说他的朋友在转桌子里有信心 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她用sobs把声音冲出来 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道 , 另一边要怎么快才能得到热呢 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他喊着 , 跟他走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子在海滩上建沙弹 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是最后一个房子泡沫的气体 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果听起来很好 , 请问如果有任何方法我可以看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在明星飞行中 , 有些单位立即攻击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这个新的痛苦者是否渴望在痛苦上行动吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们能预测这是两个正常人之间的第一个日期吗 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	后来我找到了世界上充满受害者 , 人们说不 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦这些都完成了你可以使用你的房子 , 来制造垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 有年轻男人愿意为波尼表达而骑 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它显示了所有的内容 , 从头部和饺子记录...
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海上交易史的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	在第1部分中 , 您学习如何创建一个客户服务器应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个情况下 , 我们不应该是一个好的计划 , 而且我们不应该做到nitpick 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	从实现细节中分离测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你的生活的一部分 , 它会变得多少 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	放置更小的坚持跨越 , 使乳化效果更好 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把那个漂亮的姑娘变成一个闭幕 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	吉尼斯通常在语言、语言和写作方面很好 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我为啤酒支付啤酒 , 所以我在最后的瓶子上叫dibs 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大回来 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	你需要计算多少时间的分配会采取 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	不过明天晚上 , 你下一次免费吗 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	马里尔伯酮站被包装在家庭边界计算机上 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	不要留下她穷、病或不美的时候 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	让我们今天不能收集丰富的事情 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性 , 构建有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和对照组具有异构性和异构性的摄入 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 2个独立的包含匈牙盖 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机越来越受欢迎 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它送到瓶装水工业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	飞船的春天山谷 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信里走了 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把握手拿到15年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一条柔软的河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今天晚上工作清理了事情 , 所有的事情 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请把那堆半圆盘传递给我 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男子骂了这个国家寻找失去的孩子 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	贵西市石西编译委员会办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	神毁灭 , 我们号码1 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一个爱迪奥的习惯和他的鲸之间 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对我来说 , 我真的可以看到双方的硬币 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多棉花植物 , " 这个人回答道 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 来使你的性生活更感兴奋 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	因为电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个节目 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	儿童和青少年如何经历抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在 , 唐代的僧侣徐子在哪里 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ? 哦 ! 可能 , 或者你 。 好吧 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	奥图乌的媒体通常是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	温文在2010年12月练习她的背向交叉 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这里的单位是什么 ? 我们写12.011 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:研究brusmollis的组成部分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安东尼在大规模的项目上去 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	深化家庭和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	卢克的作品的这一方面发生了很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	饮用水的标准持续提高 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 是的 , " 达林先生说道 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我很快把所有的袜子都洗过来 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色的布莱斯勒回来 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有人问中国的民事控制军事 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	假旗将为整个处理过程定制 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	文化皮肤是整个退休的中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺04 , 5 。 我不知道如何感谢你所有的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	我今天做得太多了 , 我跑了脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	公司并没有说明银行贷款的文件 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	大约一半小时后 , 我意识到我真的需要快速 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 如果我们记得我们的不同 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	李:现在 , 如果你只要跟我跟着我去伦敦 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生命 , 爱你们 , 我一直梦想着 , 长期以来 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 穷人很容易 , 因此生活得快乐 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最近5天的天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	康是我好朋友 , 一个独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种基本的情感 , 具有特点的面貌表达 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	死亡 , 机会 , 时间 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个popuptp会告诉你是否是在或关闭 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理暴力的话 , 这些事情可能会改变 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄宗宗是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他被朋友给了一个标签 " 玩男孩 " 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	这也不可信我 , 他永远会结束他的生命 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指放进混合物中 , 然后把它弄成混合物 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	加勒比海水也有很好的scauba水 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	黑夜深处的空气警报声音 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们愿意经过长夜的夜晚 , 可以看到早上的光芒 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	道格龙在春秋时期广泛应用 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	法官赫德森的决定是否会在呼吁上诉 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我觉得这会有帮助 , 你是最好的 , 你知道吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们做到这么努力修改我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	似乎没有人想到 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao患者关于姨妈和莫妮卡一堆堆堆 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	好心想像 , 但愚蠢的差异很少 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	许多人患足痛的人可以减轻重量 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不会像他们一样画 , 但是他们永远不会像我一样画 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制和自我抑制这样的理性基础 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 , 他避免了眼睛接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	本组根据佛教宇宙学 , 根据佛教宇宙学进行调整 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	确定张沈和秦天的关系非常高兴 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	运行者在运行最快的运行过程中失去了3%的重量 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	两面之间的和平谈话近于崩溃 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	导电活性能和变性之间存在着一个关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑大约是25%的 , 比那些晚期的同性直肠 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶 , 看着太阳在东面上升 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	岳立山断裂是海源断裂区东段 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将在自杀阅读他的文章 , 胡姆死了 , 病了 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	刘阳只有一个实践的地点 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	在城市中心是一对20英尺的金属盾牌 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	同时 , 33个中间的阿瓦特斯瓦拉图像一起在一起 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船在大海盗船上飞船时试图逃跑 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他站在几乎广泛的边缘 , 他的大头向他们转去 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但是我认为这将是李的智慧 , 把你最好的一面放在外面 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	一个爱的丈夫 , 每天我都记得我一样的女王 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	本文阐述了它们的代谢作用机制及其抗疲劳机制 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来到了可食用的蛋糕垫子的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	本质特征是严格的行为 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道蛋白质的功能与其结构相关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18岁的时候 , 我的服装在他们中间分开 , 为我的衣服做了很多 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	这是nto同样的事情 , 1月和朱鲁伊一起有一个不足的领域 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转向齿轮是汽车输送系统的重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	坐在数字三号 , 坐在巴根寺和巴哥达斯 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	它的特点是由含有凸形和凸轮杆石粉的表征 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前鲨鱼并不制造压缩机 , 关键空调组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了为食品卫生提供监测、检测、技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	在那天晚上十三分钟的时候 , 他们终于回到马尔琳的宿舍室 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	信用卡管理系统的实际速率折扣必须在信用卡管理系统应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 也是全世界人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要成分:各种芳烃和芳香树脂 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文对蒙古地区地球气候变化进行了简要的综述 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大火通常把窗外的窗户吹出来 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理有效合同的原则 , 必须遵循复制原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	乐观主义 , 虎总是为新的新鲜挑战而奋斗 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多达尔文人在夜间藏着的细胞里逃离 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我不怀疑一刻对夫妇的诚信 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文第一部分对权力和权力的观点进行分析 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论改变它 , 但恐惧只会被视为神经 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你在你身边煮草药 , 然后呆在病时 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18英里绿费和周末费用 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	几乎每个新公司抱怨种子资本困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	我不愿意你们进一步建议 , " 林顿先生回答说 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我有胃痛 , 我觉得今天晚上吃了一些坏的食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	好的移动 , 史密斯先生 , 我是阳光来访 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个鞋子已经落下了 , 邪恶的面具 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	10:23 , 当他们在这个城市里追求你时 , 逃进另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们去看wpi的机器人工程程课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我觉得你是我送的 , " 他补充道 , 地址员工 。
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我就没有权把自己放在上面的公交车上 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	火车由于夏天天的天气 , 饱受了庆祝的情绪 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元来买一张桌子 , 用孔子买一张桌子 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	每股美国储蓄股票的利润达到1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人被吓死了 , 有些人被吓死了 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	历史与永恒之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢某些人 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	这项发现还揭示了男性快速竞争女性合作伙伴的男性 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	提高校长和人员文件规定的管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红叙述:你可以辩论他做的是他和卫兵携带的 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天你有那么好的 , 请有时再见我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数千名军方在枪手和训练中交易 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和黄金海岸环境经济类空票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 一个艺术家的空间发射系统的概念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc的工作功能比氧化氧化物阴极更均匀 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	许多琼斯的老朋友加入他的团队 , 沿着一些新闻的人 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法被称为 " 点击主义 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想理解 , 儿子和父亲彼此相关的事情 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们正在采取采样来理解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只要允许她那么在车里的那个脚步 , 就允许她如此wail 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	睡眠的效果可能使你忘记在程序之后被指导的是什么 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	是的 , 是的 , 我的女孩 。
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	用一些盐和辣椒来切鱼肉 , 用一些盐和辣椒 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司专业生产宠物核心 , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	经过多年的玫瑰月亮 , 她终于发现他和她一起爱着她 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 得到的是无意义的 , 给予的是t5.1.7 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	而 " 改变 " 则指通过深化改革解放员工潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人驾驶完美的汽车时 , 没有人责任汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户也可以选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是泡沫的扇子 , 你可以试试盐水代替 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	所以你现在听到了这一点 , 所以你遇到了冲突 , 喝醉 , 但不要喝酒 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳温暖 , 促进所有的vicesra和器官 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	解决地下水问题的一个离子反应有很多方法 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光增强剂在hampoos、soap和面部洗涤中的优势 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是饮食、安静和默里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期的牛市市场趋势从2001年的市场趋势仍然完全 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	肉类鱼类蛋白质集中是1980年发展的新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把尾巴从尾巴拿到钓鱼的小虾和小鱼头上 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着纳西西斯首次讲话 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我会买一只婴儿的兔子像吴先生一样 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一个人开始一群商业 , 他们说 , 让我们分开程序 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你正在浪费一点 , 所以说话不必要 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实践材料主义和图书理论的本质 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚grafifti周围的首都迪利 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶巡逻队绝望希望将所有的本质移植到这里 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个被称为存储管理单元的子系统 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方周日表示 , 死亡事件上升至86 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物细胞和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是青少年 , 被视为创新和创新 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议任何与 " 反衰老 " 的话相反 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑官蓝把这篇文章写成记者的记者 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	为了日期 , 今年 , 今年有63 , 595个销售额 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表了声明 , 弗雷迪是我们的广场的一部分 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	其他人都可以为自己的用途做任何他们想要和愿意的事情 。
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	后来的季节 , 尽管好规划 , 产品开始不平凡运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	斯特里弗的时间是一种宝藏 , 对于拉齐人来说 , 是一种负担 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝绸是很好的品质 , 他们是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始建立你的团队 , 你将有很容易的时间在未来 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但是即使如此 , 两姐妹仍然不能帮助 , 但认为她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕捕获 , 年度的结果 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	当我进入了turati的杯房间时 , 我的嘴很广泛 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象在未来20年里 , 中国城市化的另外250万人 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	您可以在垂直箭头上获得关键的细节 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些地形被称为天城 , 或者 " 自然形成的坑 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球到了一秒前 , 你会把它带到风里吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形状的珠子 , 耳朵 , 儿子 , 欢迎订单 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	如何释放和如何释放 , 政府将符合相关法律 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你认为这是一个非常好的机会 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	twiggy是一个小男孩和女孩的镜子 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走了路 , 他等着更多的权利更大 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	经过一刻的犹豫之后 , 温格尔到达了外面 , 拿着手机 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	一般来说 , 世界上更多的新娘世界 , 接受了日志 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	标记2.4x在图片质量方面优于一个2x 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听这篇文章的标签 , 找出该文的主要概念 , 以及如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素首次被糖尿病药物使用 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 不要所有长期的餐厅都是名人帽子 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:天心有魔鬼身体 , 分支 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 亲吻他 , 爱他所有的心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 您将能在同一时间摆脱热栏配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	有许多驾驶车过去了卡马拉·卢普尔的一些橡胶房地产 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	凡达·约奎姆是新加坡的民族花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合张国胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	杨山医学植物的研究与研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这种打败了匿名类型的强类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	孙元文是清末清代的重要人物 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的未来是一个重要的社会后果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这意识到许多孩子在这里不能去学校 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	很难把他拖到完成的一个定期日期 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多我们在epa内做的问题 , 或者技术上 , 是自然的 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个男子是来自伊雷德尔县牧师办公室的地下代表 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:请更新我们关于shinhwa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣为什么犯了一些泥泞 , 把它放在人眼里 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	队长带来了男人注意的是一般来临的 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 , 他忘记他没有任何年轻人 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	您需要将现有的项目加载到集成开发环境中 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	而且 , 在费尔勒的战斗中 , 他们将与癌症战斗一起战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 要避免海关考试更困难 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	美国酒店在金融危机中找到激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	保持跟踪您需要多少钱保险和办公室供应 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 经过g的接收经常在转变良好的情绪中回答 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称受害者的身体 , 例如恢复工作在路下 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志阅读这项新技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是夏季三角星的讨论的第三部分 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在玩花园里 , 他的演员 , 它是错误的劳动者 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	采用该工厂 , 设计了以下服务定义的数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩破坏了泥泞、枝条和叶子的溪流 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	首先让我们再喝一些咖啡 , 我也喜欢沙威奇 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布莱娜的工作是纯粹的热情 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我称这个意大利的 " 吸引了梅西纳现象 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	阅读方向 , 直接阅读您将在正确方向中直接指导 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但是当政策持有者是抵押贷款的人时 , 应该不同 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计你已经怀孕了多长时间和你的时间 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为某些原因 , 我的观点必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否还是不要融资的时候 , 还有很多因素来consider 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们家里有七个孩子 , 除了我外 , 除了我 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它为本室内外推广器使用提供了理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出他们的门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界里 , 还有一个印象的春水和秋山场景 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了许多草根专家在双方.com上发现 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我使鲸、鱼、鸟类的大小、形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人一起是一起的 , 最终他们会找到他们的手表 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评价:并行网提供无资料的地方性 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐厅建议可以通过你的其他朋友看到 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图去除那些可能的事情 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	那时他曾经生活过的厨房去鲨鱼 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	盾牌和草药的邮件显示您的定义禁止器 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	有些人相信中央政府也存在着关注 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她通过了一场犯罪场景 , 有人在街上拍摄 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	第二章项目的东端比大门更远 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有发现的人都打开瓶子---------------------------------------
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0版本中 , 介绍了许多额外的增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿意释放耶稣 , 再次向他们说话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗疲劳和调节免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要注册域名和注册器注册 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁罗德布什提供最大负荷支持 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南名为 " 植物王国 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 罗森伯格在军事服装的罗森伯格 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 , 永远 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器配件适合插件 , 适合印索索尔的咬头 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后他变成整体的变化 , 花了下八个小时的尘土人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块切德达奶酪 , 把它倒在包里 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们第三次来了 , 这是因为ivor在开始时抓到了一个蟹右 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	蜜蜂保护者在冬天之后不会找到死亡成年蜜蜂 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	stiga现在已经经营结合速度和触摸同样的刀片 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	你可以用n或maxargs , 参数覆盖这个行为 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	不 , 你可以让他整晚给我留下来 , " 我回答 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	同时 , 他们对吸收的敏感性比以前的敏感性更明显 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有对我的心灵的好中文作家都值得任何值得重新解释的东西 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	对于谁来说 , 谁在千年里等着永恒呢 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会失去机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这些是由阿瑟尔的半姐摩根的 , 他是一个巫婆 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在凯利 , 2008年西方合并了圣乔治的乔治 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我叫你 , 因为男孩来自你的城市 , 海登博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一个漂亮的照片 , 但即使我们很高兴地回到形式 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	虽然它将意味着现实上我们可能会看起来不同或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房屋成本与数十亿人民的重要利益有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	提名和八个婚姻 , 在79岁的洛杉矶死亡 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野营竞选对波尔克和克莱克都做出反对 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	在序列初始学习过程中 , 这些区域不同于区域 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的新闻 , 用agate和lapislaslazuuli , 填满了一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁裤的飞行区域 , 然后第一条腿的缝纫和头盔 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察宁津市镇桩供应库的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	在我们医院的乳腺喂养小鼠可以帮助你 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了适当处理批评 , 您也需要正确处理赞扬 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怕的 , 不愿死了 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	只是当我喂养自己的时候 , 我不期待得到奖励 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	穷的巴里停了一包包包 , 他的汽车跟耶和华碰撞时 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	当有人说: " 我是一个讲话者 , " 这通常是他们意思的 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可用于高速公路的高速公路填充区域使用盐化渣灰 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	该发现是由nasa的飞机发射电镜kepler制造的 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是骑着煤器来找更大的块子 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	针对某些不同接收器的辐射结合研究 ;
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	远离国家 , 但总是跟我一起 , 无论我是在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有的疲劳情绪都是一个必须在生活中结束的事情 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这个项目对许多原因有兴趣 , " 罗昌先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 友谊世界有嫉妒 , 没有什么比爱更少 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	" 你觉得你是什么 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔网站受伤 , 我有机会为英格兰踢球 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的手指做了一些金属提示 , 学会再次玩 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以保持冷却在强烈的情况下 , 她会注意 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	在比赛中 , 这些分裂只是飞行在其他的口袋自行车上 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	提高水处理效率 , 也是节省水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	杰里米的眼睛在城市灯光下看着 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开了5点钟 , 00pm , 我们都很快乐 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你如何找到 " 智能 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢您组织 , 我发现最有趣的 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是深绿、深、运行全年的 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也可以访问自由的强迫教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了认识疾病 , 审查和报告如下 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	简妮是对的 , 这里的发射能自由打猎和拍摄 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我跳得很好 , 一个小男孩 , " 他对她说 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	将这项研究和营销运作将是福拉德先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	同样罕见 , 这使新西兰生活安全的地方更加安全 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在cigroup上 , 收入下跌28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰仍然坚定 , 通过这些挑战的时间来移动 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	这是不好的亨恩 , 在你的房子里 , 还有另一个房子里的裂缝 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	亚伯斯先生说 , 与波威尔的谈话深深 , 希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私法的编码应该在德国一个领导下模拟 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我把我的生命和创造成文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 操作系统在组装中处理并不可移植 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你会有一些东西展示它 , 甚至可能结束你们的东西 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公平公平公平中获得这一点 , 必须避免办公室左边的峡谷 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小梅德是安德森更加活跃的童话之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	就像婴儿腐败的小鸡蛋一样 , 它被戴明自己看到 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中文翻译应当附加文档和形式在外语中执行 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	海军蓝色是真的颜色 , 给我们信心 , " lindsay说 。
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了分析未来的mosaurs基因的基因很难 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船壳清洗机器人的集体设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	grasp规划是主奴隶脱色手掌握最重要的主题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	利用制造、办公管理、办公室设计的最新技术和过程 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回指定协调项目的零基准指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着外面看到一只鸭腿 , 单独咬着一只鸭腿 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道对服装行业的愿望永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	介绍了电力线载体设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业范围 , 它为需求链接资源的链接结构 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年国际大学毕业生总额上升12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺并非纯粹的仪式和表现 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	龙堡的城镇也是一座世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种用于olefins水解的新催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨pts对大鼠焦点脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	ftlauderdalesun-明星对海滩的暴力和漂流水进行对比 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	塔尔帕林 , 可以看到中国各地的地方 , 说不仅是非常独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	一个深入的变化正在到来 , 它旨在转换几个生命phlosophelsophellolosophellosophellos 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏季 , 小鼠一般生活在外面 , 仍然在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	使滑动平行的关键是控制的侧面滑动 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一步是实现连接组件的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个免费的抽屉啤酒在午餐时间购买抽屉啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱长 , 陪审获得了他大欺诈的指控 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	美国六所学校在这里获得了超过2 , 250学位 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须把武器吸入加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我非常满意 , 从2001年到目前的几年里 , 数量超过了生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:在几个项目中映射各种abd工作流程 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	每天的交易中世纪世界 , 从未坚持准备金钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能滥用和折磨人士 , 并希望得到准确和可信的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgml是世界上最广泛的sgml解析器 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看 , 南妮 , 香水 , " eleanor抱着一瓶cologne 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾经试图回答这些问题 , 或者你自己或其他人 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	目录包含最新的项目和其描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	它为今年的税收政策设立了税收政策 , 自1997年以来也有一份预算的报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立中毒胶囊的定性鉴别方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫法检测尿浆尿管性尿道分析的方法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他alys为他的班级做完全准备 , 并仔细修正我们的家庭轨道 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	拉迪·加格:为了哈莱森 , 我要是...小怪 ! !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活生物的出现是光明的闪烁 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们采取了各种律师和法律学术的交易 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	获得了零时 , 提出了位移的轮胎准确解决方案 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响5个友好目标和5个敌人目标的最大目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然希望看到只有晚期的sipping、脚本写作谱 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是个笑容 , 一个宁静的多尔基笑容 , 但是有笑容 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小化惩罚 , 可能有助于防止薄材料烧伤 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合分离系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的卢布丁·安克尔靴子提供了她的高时尚边缘 , 成为著名的 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高固醇水平可以影响睡眠、重量和免疫阻力 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果编辑器中心理问题的发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划发布一系列的古典版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	由切割木制成 , 所有的块和清洁木制成的樱桃木制成 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品已被编译成了jaotsungi的系列艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进鳄鱼 , 只要用你的靴子把它们打开 , 你想抓住我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢你做的时候 , 你更可能做得很好 , 成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的观点对我提出了 " 如何 " 这些帖子的一部分 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache在过程列表中 , 这可以做到一个滑动测试来试乒乓球局部主机 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是个奇怪的 , 如果每个评论都留下2点08 , 那就必须是一个线索 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁·费斯特尔 , 一名宇航员 , 他的眼睛里得到肥皂 , 开始撕裂 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , tdd数字手机在技术上可行 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将为您提供一些查询或参考视图、食品、住宅 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左派民主党的鼓励委员会表示 , 暴力必须被删除 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:好吧 , 这是个......好吧 , 让我教你 , 另一个等于两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文对传统语法学家的研究作了进一步的发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help提高 。 因此 , 它是中国的基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻会解释 , 你会有梦想 ; 但是这时的研究 , 你会解释梦 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我提到的那样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要 " 来问你可以直接做一些事情 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问和那个男人说他是不安全的 , 只有在一年里没有测试过 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	" 哦 , 这是他的母亲 , 她希望他成为医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	嗯 , 这是一个观察 , 但是它是一个蒸汽表 , 这就是使所有的差异都有所不同 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	德拉周围飞行的蝴蝶 , 说: " 你能闻到春天的春天 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我愿意去上帝 , 我会把你扔出这个房子里 , 从不再看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次你触摸你的脸颊 , 你都会接受污泥和石油 , 这可以堵塞孔 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	首选线将由塔拉成员设计 , 并包括他们的作作品和图片设计 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果申请人申请人数额不在申请申请条款下 , 请不申请申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	ebay声称 , 预防欺诈的工作比其他支付服务更好 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同的tnm阶段在整体相关系数是0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃正确的话 , 你可以说的话 , 就会在法庭法庭上使用 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 由m50天空出现的m50天空检测引起的干扰 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	愿你依然坚强 , 继续为我们祈祷 , 大多数荣誉和敬拜耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	您还可以设计自己的模块 , 因此webmin总是可以适应您的需要 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	电话用usb手机或头部打电话发出电话 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们想试图解决我们的国家和数十年的关系的问题 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有许多方式 , 我觉得我们需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转了四十五岁的时候 , 她发现勇气走走走 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在面试结束时 , 没有更多的损害 , 没有一个问题 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	冰冻中有可调节肩带和层汗水 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba可以在sn病变后提高hsp60的表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	梅丽叫着她的头 , " 我不认为他们还是如何生活了 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实的案件是一个23岁的男子 , 西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单个旗舰产品具有潜在的整合性 , 对其它scm套件的其他方面的scm套件 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿兹 , 欢迎新星期的cnn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次约翰流到香港 , 他是如此病 , 他必须使用空气病毒袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我从垃圾里走出时 , 它被覆盖在蛋糕里 , 粘着的垃圾里 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听报道 , 了解景观 , 插起你的耳朵 , 前面去 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	把耶和华看见它 , 把他放弃 , 把他从他那里走去 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组显著低于其他人 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做好事情 , 不管怎么小 , 庆祝他们只是在月球上登陆了 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	图形类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请打电子邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你们的爱情远远超过你们的爱 , 就像日子一样 , 去了 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的捕捉力 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	用 " 我被破坏 " 模式来表达自己的时候你感到僵硬 , 感觉到自己的感觉 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我的父母讲话和行动像 " 老孩子 " , 常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	布法洛在我们共享的材料中提供了很多注意力 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国在2007-2009年刚刚刚刚刚从美国出现了两年前的衰退 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 把大碗放在大碗里 , 直到两个尺寸 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子对这个想法说 , 迪兹先生只想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	我们之间的东西不能隐藏 , 陌生人的手重在你的心里 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续到南沙拉时 , 已经成为灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 今天晚上你会穿上你的心 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们真正的命运 , 我们不会独自找到生命的意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	杰姆看起来很快醒来了 , 他把桌子放在桌子上 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	种子只有一个在普通金鱼的花园里 , 只有一个变化 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	毫无疑问 , 静脉 , 扔下 , 寻求球员连接它们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何可以一边 , 地点问朱小水是个小小的羊毛 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在恐怖和激励他们采取翅膀和呼吸 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你珍贵的小时可能更好的花费你是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人广告他们的服务 , 被称为scort服务 , 在互联网上 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们添加人工智能 , 我们可以找出如果设备快乐 , 那么设备就可以找到 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	此外 , 2/84例患者无法检测其贫困pcr结果 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我将离你们离开我的生活 , 只是在天空里闪烁你 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	人们 , 但是我不知道 , 同时我觉得人们真的感兴趣他们正在做什么 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊 , 在雅典 , 510-490bc , 意大利维奇 , 意大利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅记录了很长的时间 , 将被称为 " 烹饪 " , 就像我能做的那样 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦和草的年轻植物是最好喂养nymphae 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	如今 , 越来越多的人在国外学习 , 返回就越来越受欢迎 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终 , 人群的疲倦了他 , 他只是在轮胎上游荡 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	正如我们所有人都知道1840年中国的鸦片战争开始了谦卑的现代化 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰布·威尔金森:一个人只有一个生命时间 , 但是历史可以永远记住你 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 热将海水沿着地壳爬上来 , 遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.科恩的教学和它的预测在那个公园上 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年代末 , 一些npos已经意识到营销可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	农作物科学家jesss低伯格德博尔说 , 这帮助当地农民与他们有关 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我觉得你听到这条路 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	硝酸盐是zhelin湾有机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买热过滤器去除最大的热器 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果您决定有更多特性的数据库 , 您必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻到花朵时 , 可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	kra不能直接应用到不确定的数据 , 因为不确定的数据具有概率 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的恢复 , 预期薪酬和照片通过邮件发送 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李白说在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是培养优秀的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但是可能你想在大屏幕上看到它吗 ? 也许在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持着他的强壮和强壮的米恩 , 他的袋子里的水瓶都被咬了 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流网站 , 城市风险较高 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合防御的过渡形式 , 还存在过渡行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些环境下 , 人类观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细的检查证实 , 无论是什么样的 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时候 , 这将适用于削减视觉设计或帮助麻烦 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	不管我去哪里 , 杨州的小吃将永远不会留下我的心 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接的增加速度是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	在这里 , 他的作品更多的翻译成英语 , 很快请 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中癌症表现出生物学分析的生物学分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	飞机是向个人计算机发射飞行钓鱼 , 微芯片是什么样的 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	今天我们把我们的老师放在今天 , 骑着周围 , 跑起来 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	不同神经根缺陷的物理检查结果 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	残酷的膝盖痛苦 , 遇见下列标准 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全美丽 , 清洁 , 蔬菜丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	您可以空气干燥运动刹车来延长水工织物的寿命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	冰冷冬季没有影响夏季和秋季的突破趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	例如 , 在西康 , 许多问题已经在这个领域作业了 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	照片的分割碎片很难对文化产生困难 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个转换器活性pixel的提示恢复技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案简单 , 使用反例来找到答案 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:确定北部hibicusyriacus的营养分子 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄龙的火龙回到南宋时期 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	崔西德是个巨大的 , 黑绿色的家伙 , 从年轻的土地来说 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印一个机器可解析列表指定插件提供的特点 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思维、语言和操作的材料形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人经常被打败 , 被迫生活在监狱类似的条件下 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	销售部门级别位置 。 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的旅行过程中 , 我们已经学到了我们参观的所有地方 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这个美丽的地方 , 它叫做土斯卡尼 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那么他可能会牺牲她 , 把她洗在水里的水洗净 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	如何克服我的老自我自我自我心理 ? 非常激动 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	深圳大学开始前两个星期都不到两个星期 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	为了加热 , 这更容易被皮肤吸收 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	它站在一起 , 它的肌肉空间 , 然后倒下来 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了获得自己实际上做 , 我最喜欢的是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一步将会加入这样的系统 , 将在主要的地铁地区 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国 , 八分之八的孩子没有正式的教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸爸被诊断在hellos生活的主要原因下 , 多种硬化 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 巴黎 , 巴黎第二次最高的巴黎 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	在这个月的房子修理过程中 , 我们住在下一个门口的房子里 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	根据编辑辑的编辑 , 新闻并不坏 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的一个对象是减少电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehboob作为一个项目经理 , 当她是女性的时候 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基壁纸制品的研究和生产方法 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们为蓝球替换红球 , 去看孩子是否能注意到的 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	伟大的战斗将继续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为发纤维的外部雕塑层被破碎 , 闪烁 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、氨基酸、糖尿病酶、人性酶等 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经摧毁了阿根廷5号 " 超级颜色 " 的袭击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	泰国的应力剪切比印刷的相互锁钉更少 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	本炉用于安山铁和钢铁 , 作为示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国对总统法官的选举制度进行了5年的改革 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体放松 , 感觉张力消失 , 但不要睡觉 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月的沉默之后 , 有很大的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们曾经拿起他们的侄子的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的卫兵 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	问候 , 问题 , 两者之间有一个典型的链接 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	后面的原因是 , 产品似乎有更高的蛋白质水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	azo被电子束蒸发沉积在k9基础上 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个调查站是我投票的地方 , 并在电梯信息卡上列出 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc绝缘和pvc剪切精细的钢线电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术已广泛应用于水处理工业 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当罐子填满时 , 它将填满所有的空间 , 并将塑料紧缩 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马莫斯特厨房里 , 彼得准备猴子日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	金apt寻找世界 , 人类的全球朋友难以寻找 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	本文还描述了模拟方案、控制条件和清洗结果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大多数日子 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮摩擦理论是动态古学的关注 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激发的o2分子氧化了溶剂中的自由基础 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	詹娜:澳大利亚指责中国餐厅烹饪科拉斯 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的同步操作符是一个重要的结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	好的 , 如果我有这个选项 , 我真的喜欢去语言学院 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 个人在断裂后降低自我概念清晰度 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今天晚上 , 新昆虫的温暖空气透过绿色屏幕 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环是由拉伸塑料布置绝缘的 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	随着越来越多的时候 , 比如梅克里xian地面 , 荣耀的y射击 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金和资金救援和灾难救济 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布图像的形象 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人将在完成测试后每月获得他们的测试报告表 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱的时候 , 鱼本身就会变成全球的形式 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了如何使数据结构大 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九点是100到900点 , 简单的引用和参考 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我很喜欢继续呆下来 , 但是我的妈妈会在10岁的时候我不会回家 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那里时 , 你认为的第一件事是 " 哦 , 这个地方令人惊讶 。 "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	她意识到 , 恐怖性暴力在每个村庄周围的goma上都会发生 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	时间 , 也许两个星期 , 你会准备看到目标和目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	讨论了颗粒双分形的分离频率的特点 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	前言:基于高分辨率图像组件的报告将在高质量印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱情并不符合彼此的观点 , 但在同一方向上寻找相同的方向 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染和受害者的重要来源 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么 ? 实际上我躺在路上 , 当我说答案在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们很快就会发现我们的展示在我们曾经设置足球之前被做过 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	沃尔尼特·克莱克只是在奥克兰外 , 爱苹果产品 , 有很棒的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说: " 他们倾向于挖掘海湾 , 在那里 , 石油正在挖掘海域 。 "
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试非常有趣 , 因为字符串缓冲区优化了快速应用程序 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后 , 您可以创建有助的检查列表或其他文章 , 因为人们可以下载的pdfs 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待事情完美 , 你会等很长时间等待 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	查看你在人群上有访问的网站的人 , aspx页面 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显得很稳定 , 但更多的善良和护理 。 谢谢你对我感到重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	专家说 , 在某些情况下 , 是的 , 是的 , 但是内在的怀疑主义生活在一起 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年苏哈拉托从苏卡诺成为印尼总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅可以走出鱼的生活 , 而且它们也可以在土地上旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	这个男孩子把苹果扔了下来 , 把苹果剪掉在机器上 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为土壤侵蚀研究的一种新方法 , 树脂追踪器技术已广泛应用于土壤侵蚀研究中 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还通过 " 基因移植 " 转换了一种细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	它与ikon50mf1.4相比 , 我的nikon50mf1.4相比 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少每个符号间隔时间的时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那么你为什么哭了 ? " 鸟儿问道 , " 你是让我湿了 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自那时16年以来 , 战争连续延伸 , 但相对较小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上有点悲伤 , 因为我真的喜欢米歇根州立大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争对手: " 我的竞争对手密切地看着我所有的竞争对手 。
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但多比要来 , 多比要保护哈利波特 。 要警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	本和他的室友一起来到家里的房间 , 让很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择每个单词阅读 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	一个无法律的阿富汗可以再次成为基地qaeda 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	另外 , 我所有的团队都是勇敢的 , 类似的衣室 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 如自杀 , 在生命保险的情况下 , 我们必须排除某些原因 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢tuktututututututututututututututuk , 等价把头放在一个混合器里 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以把水滚掉郭的金属 , 通过减少5摄氏度 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	马吉说 , " 我知道 , 但只有一年一半的毕业生 。
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使在寻找一只残酷的丽莎松时 , 不要穿着不制服的床子 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它到塑料板上 , 用肉滴下了骨头 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	洪水、蟹类和龟类的树木之间的植物通常为鱼、树木 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	2030年锅炉不会被修改 , 以满足新规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满欢乐和希望 , 祝福上帝希望我们的祝福 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年我们从重庆市的重庆地区有30名市长 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能阅读它 , 那就不会对你有什么访问 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 并且对各种问题有着强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	在总部或地区级别的ihr接触点设计谁 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我认为我们在一个更长的马来西斯或只是一个下渠道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但是效果太不具体 , 很少会导致清除和分泌转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无需说这是一个欢迎的梦想 , 但是它仍然没有那么多的乐趣 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高反馈提升机座位设计适合一个生长的孩子120lbs 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一名getter , 他将做出优秀的学生体育总裁 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了18888无锈钢的腐蚀和消除方法的原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说 , 一旦居民被允许搬回来 , 她正在考虑重新开放 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以把那个老日记丢掉 , 或者打开一个单词文档 , 然后尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持地球形状并满足常量释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尔·贝里亚的故事 , 来自新泽西的新泽西的一个无家庭男子 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	我将喂养奴隶的块 , 甚至你们 , 贫穷的羊群 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3别人从索尼安装器 , 保存它作为别人 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	另外437例其他437例和2077年控制的扫描结果相同 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到会议 , 那么你有更多时间准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了不同背景的中国女性生活状况 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	它只是在你的淋浴头后面 , 所以你甚至不会注意到它在那里 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择他的生命和比尔盖特的生活之间 , 那么这是一个诺贝的脑袋 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球和弯曲性能和高电绝缘性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	自愿联盟的原则导致农民注意力较低 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波导弹雷达最高位置方式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明了一般历史的趋势 , 这就是人们所吸引的 , 没有人可以防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经常说服很少人去看我 , 我必须保持承诺 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	利用生物固定膜滤波器对硫化氢的控制是一种经济有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的人格观念在全身的照片中捕捉到的各种不同的观点 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	对于企业和企业之间的员工来说 , 企业应该是第一赢后的员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后cicseci连接工厂提供cics服务器的连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladesystem向管理台提出了层次和相关的基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦领土为晚战国 , 秦统一中国在北部县后 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员提供更多的请求 , 以处理更少的系统 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案已经得到了 , 这是对象说 , 答案已经得到了 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息共识法获得手指印刷和手指模式的墨刷印刷 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	洪水分子是三峡坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然ea季度成年人更喜欢生活在90岁以上的时间比预期更长 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	对于这种原因 , 我们继续继续在中介阶段的印度股权 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标签 ( 或ll-标签是由通道分配问题引起的 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维在增长后 , 取糖 , 取消蛋白质处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含了推进器的主要结构的基本特性 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	采用石英管炉制备了碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	参考者帮助学习卡马的频率的超越 , 学习频率 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用酒精液法建立酒精酒精液的酒精肝病模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	它保证了夏季的承诺季节 , 也是最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法研究了沥青氧化物的氯化平衡性 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜜点技能是一种活跃的防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展的验证协议可以支持许多验证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们滥用了他们的力量 , 把人民的力量 , 因此在群众之间引起了强烈的不足 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	但是 , 其他文件类型 , 从psds到rtfs , 被接受并可下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	秦雪森是科学贡献的最伟大的科学家之一 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当ed发现时 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕获了几个关键的卡特尔的关键成员 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地找到了20岁的女儿 , 然后她回到美国学习的家里 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	林于1925年回到中国 , 作为北京州职业艺术学院的主要工作 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果312个月患者随访患者 , 所有患者都获得满意的结果 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 帕德rewski伸出左手 , 开始填满底部 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前操作符适用于现有的文件 , 后来重写现有的内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	结果表明 , 随着这些因素的增加 , 马氏体变换量的增加而降低 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 王在一百八个荣誉的女王中称为 " 孙武 " , 训练他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	下面的福金字在下面应用 " 福金字 " 作为东方海域的字体 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉兄弟只有那个目标的人 , 是一名曾经出现的男子 , 威胁他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:皇后王后在宫殿上举行官方婚礼午餐650名客人 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的权利意味着国家和其他人不应该有能力 , 无法选择侵犯 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	安装后 , brea将成为橙色县最大的太阳能用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	星期二 , 冰岛火山仍在爆发 , 虽然云降低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	甚至有助于让肌肤脱离 , 水解肌肤的皮肤 , 很干燥的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	当路上只有马克·马克·红尘暴风雨的时候 , 云已经到了一个终点 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	很快或稍后 , 波浪会沿着 , 打击我们所工作的那么艰难建造的事情 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的基本利益和人民的基本利益 , 提出了一种新型的专业美德 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们也鼓励他们的员工捐给当地企业家俱乐部的时间 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们的团队在1500多岁以下 , 比赛你平均的mms先生 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街道摄影师四位优秀的营销理念 , 营销方式力量不可调 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这小飞行将是恒星的短、对称形状 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女性在城市的阴影里留下了铁窗铁 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育的产业是西方教育的伟大影响之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	路易斯 。 一个火星带着生命的火星 , 一个有浮动、生活岛屿的人口 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样 , 詹姆斯和约翰的儿子 , 西班牙的儿子 , 与西蒙合作伙伴 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持进入先驱战斗 , 随着艾伦保鲁杀死孩子 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月从亚洲电影制作人员的电影制作人员都有新脚本 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们携带禁令者倡导宗教自由和歌唱 " 我们应该克服 " 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他只是对自己的直觉冲动而言 , 甚至是对自己来说是不可思议的 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	作为功能材料广泛应用于汽车中 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是一个自由的福音 , 多比来节省哈利波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇到不到的话 , 虽然很好 , 但是可以追踪大量的猎物 , 张力和撞击 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过老城镇 , 看着一个非常老的房子被拒绝了 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	你第一次看到你在门前走的时候 , 我们的小朋友来自人类学 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	虽然某些平台需要立即注意 , 但是你的参与并不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	非交易组合的价格风险上升 , 以及交易组合 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 例如高s/n , 良好的平衡性和非顺序性 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	这就导致了摩西诞生的帐户 , 他对尼尔河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚有大规模毁灭武器 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	日本当局的调查证实 , 老师已被塔格奇 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要更好的生产力方法 , 这样你可以与其他的共同项目合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可用于您的新和现有的解决信息中心项目 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有鲸 , cetaceanbiltong比新鲜的东西更可爱 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右键单击键角 , 左右点击控制斜角和顶角 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	燕子走到宫殿里 , 由薄弱的马拉而来 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为促进当地食品文化 , 采矿本地菜为本土菜奠定了良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空接触的统计破坏性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	使用jdbc和记录级访问数据库资源可以访问数据库资源 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpcs的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院里的仆女孩听着你们仍然听着qiaojean ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 佛教的生命故事也熟悉佛教 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在这里是我们发现的好消息 , 你的其他腿不需要被删除 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨小肠道ctct诊断流行性质量的价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字保险法的教学是海事保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港商务开发委员会副董事fredericklam , 香港 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这看起来 , 是我收到的遗产 , 现在已经给我自己的孩子了 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用引力镜检测远程星系的现象 , 检测出了遥远的星系 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了恒星星星星系定义的研究历史及其定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何在phd解析建议的线上进行小说搜索 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说他们喜欢设计灵活性 , 通过消除空间消费空间轮胎 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特征之一是处理多语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你很高兴地把你的女儿打开杯子 , 她在泪水中断下来 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑的注意:这个故事的原始版本失踪了马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	木材料在不同的内容和事实上被用作设计中主要的材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	用这笔钱收集在体育场上建立了零的雕像 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转了一群地方战斗机在附近的道路块附近的地方战斗机 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间床紧紧紧靠窗户 , 而他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文描述了cjk200自动成功和放电变换器的开发和试验 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人也坐在室外 , 享受凉爽的夜空气 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超字符串的奇怪特性只能在10维内振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	当人们在仓库俱乐部商店的时候 , 我总是很困惑 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	比尔科尔于1968年毕业于华克森林大学 , 开始为pete染料工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰男子和保罗男子 , 男子的硬件监督者 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	我最喜欢的两个新添加剂 , 多年铸造面积和性格进展是我最喜欢的两个 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们在酒店酒店的酒店里开始了一个鸡尾巴 , 自由汽车和它打击了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	西欧10%的失业率预计在1995年中期到12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有以下标准都必须满足以下标准 , 以确保被认为是一个可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	如果我们继续运动自己生活在我们学习的话 , 上帝才会促进我们的研究 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港艾滋病毒感染已积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 个体脑细胞会反应一个激素 , 但是不再是另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	证明19:29个珍珠被准备为模具器 , 并为愚蠢的背部做准备 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	接下来 , 提出了直接序列和混合dsth 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了 " 光 " 的三位物理学家 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符之外 , 字母的数学都允许并不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉弗里斯基 , 你在工作前有八秒的时间 , 你知道哪里找到我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	但实际上 , 我们都知道 , 每次时间都比50毫米的心灵更差 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密的、超级的老板 , 我确信他会在这里享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器还使用在启动平台上监测虚假启动和正确的继电变更 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热锅和一点橄榄油 , 添加兰花卷 , 轻轻棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	亚伯广泛应用于国外 , 但在国内几乎几乎没有使用 。 阿伯的研究刚开始在我国 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以 , 他们用所有的 " 丈夫和普拉夫把你的房子吹下来 。 "
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm有超过50多个不同的程序促进美国工业平衡和银行30多个 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是 , 美国和传统的欧洲电力制造商也许存在问题 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国保留权 , 修改该条款并没有任何先前注意的条件 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到了灰色的靴子的破裂 , 因为他在赫敏的前面走下来 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	肌肉 , 粉碎 , 呼吸 , 新鲜的泪水 , 液体或土壤的大坝 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	这个插件通过xml定义特定值来实现这个合同 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府理解这一点 , 党也是最重要的资产阶段 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 染色体imay是肺癌的一种特点 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可以选择石头所有的颜色 , 或添加一个或两个超级的石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我将在全国各地竞选 , 为我的丈夫和其他候选人而奋斗 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	任何东方的协议和标准都在讨论下 , 但是没有达成共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我会感兴趣听到更多的价值 , 我们应该在评估审审审判中优先的价值 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	这一党比今年111月至少有一家国会的房子更好 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	为了兰/wan连接 , 建议每包的音频框架下设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化和存储时间明显的影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 正如我们可能称之为它们 , 都是可汗的包含和渗透的 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生还没有把它的酒吧放在一起 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	所有的是它需要做事务的业务消息 , 这是amqp交易的 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	间歇、泥火激情的血液和汗水 , 在滴下颜色上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , spandex的工业繁荣将继续上升 , 联盟持有利于 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后对代码生成器进行优化rtl , 产生目标代码代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	德里·杜马斯 , 美国奥林匹亚奥运会第三次完成了484.25分 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是在非洲的威尔蚂蚁的案例中 , 这种描述可能只是一个隐喻 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	如果你正在寻找结束和浪漫的话 , 你可以在巴哈马的外部远程岛屿 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组的风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告的故事并不冷静 , 而且有一些虚假 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	这是谁 ? 啊 , 朱哈尔·穆拉德 , 是第一个选择 , 我看到了这场比赛 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	所有他都可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他拿出手臂 , 这样她可以看到那个距离袖子 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我从来没有感觉到过风 , 但仍然有那么伟大的工作 , 所以下一天的感觉 " 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后他在夜间醒来思考他可能雇佣的所有魅力的花园 。
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	有点弱点 , 一些有帮助的提示 , 瑞典可以比你使用的更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我从拉斯维加斯到爱荷华的旅途 , 当时我年轻、孩子和海军...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们叫我 , 因为它显示他和他带来的球员成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	一天 , 天堂会部分和完美 , 珍贵的樱桃会在阳光下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	它被称为蓝色印刷 , 为我们的金融监管改革的蓝色印刷 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我在这里有一个很好的事情 。 "
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	这个星期 , 新世界秩序的战线在世界贸易组织暴露 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	纳贝预测似乎与其他美国经济信号一起出现线 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文提出了一种可计算复杂表面加工中磨削力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分讨论了中国外贸易相对优势理论的作用 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男子的导弹都不能安静地坐在房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的运动 , 我经常在没有捕捉任何东西的时候钓鱼 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然基安有了退休西方的奢侈品 , 但他仍然承诺到伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战争者建立了中国和西方风格的民营园林 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但是 , 我们想买的32英寸的模式 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于计划区西部 , 邻近旅游区和城镇区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一篇文章 , 解释一切有人需要知道的东西 , 以便使用这个函数 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后人们在意识上选择潜意识 , 不意识地忽视研究 , 与她的心一起去 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当拉菲克吉尼迪从高中毕业时 , 他知道他想成为工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我会在牙齿里钻一小洞 , 以阻止痛苦 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这是设置情绪、有效的过程 , 以及adams必须自我插入 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来临时 , 草坪没有什么 , 但是蚂蚁抱怨胸痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感风格适用于你 , 意识到降低你的标准将是一个救济 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学术竞赛将于本周六举行12/1/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平、自由和一个稳定的发展环境 , " 雷尔人表示 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	数学的数学给他带来了不少四个这样的日期 , 开始了1697年 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可以为经济增长提供贡献 , 同时也可以保持它的反馈 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为 , 有一些法国人回答解决问题 , " 亚洲的k线说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 我们的研究表明 , 为什么开发了 , 为什么它持续 。 "
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源密集工业集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹秀为了阻止敌人 , 进入城市 , 路上有1 , 000名男人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球发布的中国zodiac动物的邮票 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子用水翅膀保持自己在水里 , 学会游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保持和破碎混凝土基础安装工程来破坏其他硬的事情 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸这本书 , 咀嚼它 , 否则身体触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节省时间显著减少你花费印刷和接触表项目的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩在水池里游泳的所有鱼游泳 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个董事会照明下一次西班牙 , 西班牙攻击并放短 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性视网膜坏死的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	居然 , 丈夫回答道: " 我错过了一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他不明显地说了这句话 , 虽然他的思想也在其他的东西上 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	tutti执行了一个令人震惊的假设 , 把卡通的右转到地板上 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 一种内在的正确性dwindles " 的内在感受到了声誉的外部关注 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾人有很大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 杜特先生 !
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	全球范围内 , 2009年的新清洁投资花费162亿美元 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何 " 街道 " -有趣的衣服都是铸造和运动的衣服 。
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它提高你的dps , 但是下面的它 , 你的图片不能触发任何包 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	泰珊石晶体的无时间颜色使得每天穿着这件事都是理想的 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	在这里 , 这是一个更现代的例子 , 下面有一点哈哈夫咖啡 , 或者一些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生了那天晚上 , 他必须睡在一个曼彻6里 , 因为他没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山一起解释 , 同时老皮革也秩序 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能强迫你的心和神经 , 并且在他们走之后就会长时间服务你的转变 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇宙文件管理器帮助您获得最多的android智能手机 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	位置直接反对着shinagawajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	城市问题:1977年伦敦马克思主义方法、伦敦1977年 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	经过那个时候 , 我想为什么有人会如此无法思考我的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子和抽屉都转出来 , 找到我们没有看到几年的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	我珍惜的事情 , 如何影响那些躺在街上的人呢 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布 , 五月份的消费者价格指数下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	波浪的运动 , 风 , 地球的动作是同一和谐的 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机中 , 所以不要辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	总结了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过勤奋的实践和准备 , 他们仍然是学科和专业的 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 超字符串比任何人预期更复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把你的背上拉下来 , 走上右边 , 你应该在你走到旗帜之前 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	另外 , 注意力更有助于回答详细的问题 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个很好的节省 , "
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	银行债券市场股票和交易量占总市场的90% 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	本拉登在1990年代的投票破产了美国的一部分实现 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给别人的耐心和耐心的人都能赢得爱和照顾别人的友谊 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们想在下一个25到30年的时间里 , 机器人和人类将能谈话 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融范围也是威胁的 , 高级公民通常被目标目标 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	后来几周 , 肯尼亚人在步骤酶里走出金牌 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死亡中提起了他的朋友拉扎罗斯 , 拉扎罗斯已经死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六届国会复制中行之间的创新有许多光线 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:缅甸政府给中国任何指标是否会在康康地区移动 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学习英语 , 国外学习 , 研究国外 , 结婚外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	明亮的气象被发现在英国 , 留下一个vivid绿色的铁路 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在80年代早期 , 美国集团的高级生存成员nuonchea 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们也许会告诉他 , 他真的需要做的事情只是在自己内看 , 真正的是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔·李金晶体 , 皇家塔里奥博物馆 ; 多伦多 , 加拿大 , 加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在15555年 , 她的精神刑事带来了更严重的转变 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了她死亡的恐惧 , 怀疑她还是为了年后生活 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	三十分钟后 , 她带着她第一次记录的歌曲的cd 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	所以不知道 , 剥夺是如此高信任 , 缺乏自由和锻炼 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	场景2:建模循环行为 , 关注迭代行为的建模 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗姆尼 , 英语肖像画家 , 死于克布里亚 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我的意思是 , 我们失去了人们的技能 , 因为这里有很好的技术是在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	然而 , 随着我们继续提高 , 我们的技术应该越来越透明 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好的 , 我再次进床 , 五分钟后来到门上有一只爆炸 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	诗的所有意识:问大地 , 谁倡导和下降 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利在圣诞节时期才能见证他的父母的婚姻 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	而且 , 传统上写的唯一的差异是常规的方法 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期作家学习过 , 像戒指lardner和sherwood安德森 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小仪器通过切口插入小仪器 , 以消除组织和粘附 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 各种各样的事情 , 比如筛选 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 我认为是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请大量著名的武术名字作为教练和顾问 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	" 陪审 " 的裤子写在海尼 , 我会穿那件衣服呢 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第三章结束了战争、恐惧和政治分裂了我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	它可能被腐败 , 因为病毒在内部被腐败 , 因此它正在制造外部蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙山氧化物的产物适合国家标准 , 安全人类 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我正在路上 , 我举行会议 , 有时候在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	本文对基本kiva3v程序添加了一些新的代码 , 并对其进行编译 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只有走鞋 , 我就不能穿裙子或裙子 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他获得了阿尔比的认识和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了对抗stds的性不稳定性程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你有没有发现平方的角落总是很容易损害 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我以为这位早期极端探索者 , 因为我为自己走走了 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nuwa在所有这些发生中都感到很抱歉 , 并决定修复天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	结论化疗可能是宫颈癌的主要流行方法 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭委员会提醒父母不要把孩子说成福音真理 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	py显示任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量水平 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 交换到中级或初级汽油将删除打击 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是在未来的芯片中 , 科斯的带宽要求可以大大地流动 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计一种基于虚拟声学的音频辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	稻、棉、蔬菜种子有时在特殊种子床上生长 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活的时候 , 欣赏我们周围的天然文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	在新加坡和香港举行的篮板节日和竞争活动 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 罗伦达·齐拉 , 欢迎这位道歉 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	2003年晚些时候 , 波兰的作家在巴黎举行了80年代 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	十七辆车 , 风吹 , 你穿过花花的生活 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	kirchner在哪里看起来是新鲜的面对 , 她跑得像一个共识的建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧素对我们的身体细胞很有毒 , 不要冻死你的 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但是我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的来源不会基于这个葡萄牙人类的方式 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 好吧 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个男人一起走进教堂 , 又出来了 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事情 , 我只是不想写任何故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在三个安装中 , 是来自中国的人们写的过度的报道 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文中 , 文章提出的文档文档文档文档方式是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	天鹅再次升起来 , 在一个圈子里 , 等待他们的劳动者的结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中写这篇文章 , 它真的发生了事故 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我跪在胸膛里 , 把我的下肚子绑在手里 , 直到我走出去 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样的是世界上所有的实例地区 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫塔卡尼说 , 如果希望与伊朗的新关系 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变其行为 " 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你可以简单设置宽度到200 , 高达45 , 然后接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个可以用于工作、娱乐和工作的桌子的桌子 , 通常会被关闭 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动循环时 , 它会作为真正的轴 , 这个图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	反病毒主义在英国的英国感觉中非常强烈的进入 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家已经揭示了当地宇宙的最完整的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对于任何查询 , 请联系我们24068050或访问我们的网站 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	它可能不像过去的一样高兴 , 但对于平均工作男性和女性来说更好 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	目前 , 大量其他非洲国家的爆发正在调查中 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 制定每个侧部和后行攻击的规则 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	你只能清楚和平和甜蜜的休息 , 因为你把自己的身体和灵魂产生 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种可分解的可分解性定理 , 并通过不同的表现理论证明了分解性定理 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们去堡垒城 , 中国皇帝曾经生活在洛杉矶 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	许多人相信这是雷米里亚 , 大西洋失去岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中建立了无毒性、发病性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	相反 , 模拟的过程可以运行 , 只有二秒 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	市场力量和预算确定的价格并不相关 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	" 我想保持下去 , 至少有几十年或两年的时间 , " 他笑着 。
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	墙上的一本小书 , 我从我knapsack上拿了一本小本书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华尔 , 北美西北部的一个国家在太平洋 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉帕西尼看起来很惊讶 。 " 你说 , 我的女儿是什么意思 ? " 他问 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只要在这里找不到沙味的饮料 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	伯拉对加入者有一个问题 , 我们希望下周恢复他和种子 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻到我 , 闻着厚的味道真的让人们想吃一点 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你正在测试你的新行动时 , 关闭helloapp.pli的编辑器 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花一些时间 , 为了充分思考和思考 , 留下和返回 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	土层活动的非线性动力学特性复杂 , 外部和消失 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股价值为5.33美元 , 从前季度上涨5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是什么有效的实现 , 有些组织能够克服这些机构呢 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1mcp处理和存储过程中铜炭的效果 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的面具的嘴 , 他嘴里没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在绍兴工作前面的工作收到了信 , 妹妹们用我的心脏 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 它会发现假设 , 标准构建到通常标签 , 可能是假设 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了g5动态系统在线膜厚度测量的g5动态系统 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	这个项目还采取储存信息 , 这样它可以用于研究和医学目标 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	本文通过对国内外房地产金融的比较 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文研究了一种模糊集成方程的模糊化方程 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	洪水在本周的重量下游后仍然在上升 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们的头部 , 外部化和投影到其他人身上 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	过去几年来 , 哺乳动物核转移实现了许多突破 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在感觉油价格的时候 , 通常在经济过热时扮演利率的作用 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	西班牙的白色石头 , 成了意大利:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上述激励人民 , 但少数老板都有真正的启发员工的能力 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰服装有限公司是您最信任的服装库存的供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制过遗传学的控制 , 但是有其他导致细胞的因素 , 你可以控制 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你如何创建个人品牌 ? 衣服男孩网络观点下面的观点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第53章是区域麻醉优于hip手术总麻醉的区域麻醉 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特点6个开窗口 , 一个望远镜和性别者 , 还有3个deck灯具 !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我访问北京时 , 小先生带着他的老师照片给我 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	波斯坦凝聚物是 , 大量相同的粒子占据同量子状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	该公司说 , 市场上有两种高定义dvds , 导致购买公众混乱 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你说 , 他们在一条大预算电影的路上叫出我们的想象 , 不再能实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿的亲密朋友和特别助理人员 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的王国当作另一个完全意识的物种 , 没有狩猎自己 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	翻译的行为指链接到一个歌曲的行为 , 附加150个字符评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不要在怀孕、癫痫、心脏、高血压、脑损伤的情况下使用 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统动态模型 , 得出了动态方程的数值计算结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些会帮助你进步提高技术、内容和课程实施 , 如果不可缺乏做 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了10w/30qe/cc级发动机油的配方和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些工件都需要维护 , 必须在周围工作 , 并且如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 , 卡德威尔哈德在联盟的船舱酒店里做了一个活动 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的甲状介频电源供应启动电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特·施威茨博士的职业使他在非洲建立医疗临床 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	细胞通过机械方法、冻结和一般程序 , 经过细胞传递 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章分析了清代晚清翻译的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	通过计算 , 产生要求的纳米结构 , 产生蒸发步骤 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	常见的放松技术包括冥想、心灵、台芝和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个简单的点 , 你也可以注册a.mobi域 , 这些域被指定到移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	得到的晶体系统修改了mc公钥密钥密钥系统的类 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗地亚 , 我出生在哪里 , 曾经是前奥斯兰维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于瓷表面装饰及其使用的纸张纸 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分讨论了离散非繁殖的诉讼价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一种基于碘的对比被注入到血流中 , 看作它周围的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想要把你的老计算机干掉 , 选项包括回收、回收和捐赠 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文还讨论了分布指数建设和分布检索的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	因为我们在患者和非患者之间有这种抗炎分离 , 直到我们是一个痛苦 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源稀缺 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国所有主要的政策变化都是一项有限规模的试验和错误的结果 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送他的无罪的儿子去承受我们所需的罚款的充分破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们找到很多方法 , 尽可能工作这个数学问题 。 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	所以当供应链时 , 企业家奥莫里成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感恩加斯通常是形状的矩形 , 平方的储备在曼达拉斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	正如5月的那样 , 神经毒素的业务比血毒素更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主声箱使用边缘和角落不同的矩形设计 , 线线成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	我们bapp.net使用xml来允许多个异步的渲染和符合更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时 , " 佩宁 " 的同时来自失踪的工作人员的声音 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特里亚尼尔提高了儿童和成年人受伤的大脑损伤的儿童资金 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	厨房-一个经验的球员将试图跟随他们的车辆的机器 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	蒂姆米:但是我是1 ) 恐怖的猫 , 保持猫不会对我很有趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师定义了使用brm工具的工具和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将超过可能等到这个月之前 , 当他第二次官方开始时 , 去做移动 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以通过bugzilla和另一个来源控制系统组合的饲料 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	科尔里说 , 非洲的马里的干旱并没有令人惊讶的气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群泪水炸弹的火灾机制复杂 , 没有一组复杂的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	多ore和gpu基础系统在这里 , 并且利用今天的程序模式硬化 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	临床治疗后 , 有些患者的症状明显改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说太多 , 恩尼斯 , 你儿子的儿子 , 我希望我知道如何排除你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	此外 , 根据学生选择的主题 , 有1015页最终的文章 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开马米 , 获得了良好的教育 , 并使她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你为你的问题责任别人 , 你可能会感到像在那些错过你们的那些复仇 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	前面的法官表示 , 即使克瑟琳杰克逊的对象也许批准合同 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们有两个主要的产品类别 , 一个是文件中心应用程序 , 另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师经常告诉我在谈话后看到病人说 , 很多原因我已经被授予了 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二 , 三英尺长的角色在羊毛的犀牛上 , 这是广泛的和平面 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而 , 我宁愿看到一个年轻人祷告的祷告者 , 比最平等的罗特祷告者祷告 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是一个阿拉卡恩通信的手段 , 因为大多数地方应该被废除 。 "
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看到她在香港玩得更好 , 我认为她不会在最后一轮中失望 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	男孩说: " 从障碍性来看 , 你知道 , 去长途旅行 , 会有点像你一样 。 "
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	" 使用你的手的明显优势是你总是和你一起拥有他们 , " 西安porter说 。
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在俱乐部喝酒会议的时候 , 他的一名员工们应该在他们的星期里放维生素 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重量损失实际上是连续的函数 , 所以每一块数据都应附加 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	没有问题永远 , 风暴总是给太阳带来了 , 冬天总是变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	这个邮票描述了泰芬尼的电影早餐的演员 , 像好莱一样 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子走过我的电话和uhm , 可能叫你 , 所以如果你可以 , 请把你的名字拿出来 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	好吧 , 这是墨西哥的兄弟 , 伊达安正在背边 , 这是吉玛拉的兄弟 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定到我们带入世界的价值 , 历史上 , 价值意味着我们的职业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站是收集站或连接线站的 , 在某些情况下 , 两者都有 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	实验很大 , 把大量的货物拿出来 , 米米克和你自己的货物 , 尝试和错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较了电力特性数法的两种方法 , 结果比剪力力分解法更好 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 如果我是你 , 我不会试图喂养那些小的作家 , 他们会咬伤并携带疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	第一次对dd3单晶的纯剪切性能进行了实验研究 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列清洁和智慧的装饰下 , 命令火击中 , 外出军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个议会官员 , 联合国官员 , 几个犯罪副本和法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林 , 使用甲基酸甲酯和米罗斯托醇用于医疗吸收 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种方式对非绩效贷款进行调速 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来了我最后的建议 , 不要尝试从什么不存在的事情中提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	讨论了矿山爆炸电路积累器的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在研究自行车巷的半路措施 , 同时允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	据其网站报道 , 1979年9月 , 李天建立了85名员工 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念无限扩展在信息化表达公路上 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议明天早上我们去xxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学习如何面对失败或失败 , 勇敢地勇敢地面对 , 并且试图处理它 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的熔化模式来处理它们的缓慢的羽毛 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表ii:药物的溶解性 , 聚合物和填料在研究中使用 , 在水和酒精 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 所以 , 当它来晚餐时 , " 他说 , " 没有添加糖味的味道 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp还拥有另一个重要的it活动 , 每年为hp电子世界的终端用户提供了一个叫做hp电子世界 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道新疆被认为是优秀的 , 更好的学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	这个示例是一个ifthen规则 , 因此 , 如果条件和其相应的行动 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	他们介绍了位置支持 ; 浏览器姿态 ; 一个漂亮的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时间使用的端点地址只是一个位置符 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	vozda在公司法律实施中提供了一份工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	皮克和休克部队舰在马什的坏日子上倒下来 , 就像鸭子一样 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例内固定dhs内固定的干扰性骨折的效果 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量可以从抽样单元的离散序列数据获得 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉安:如果我告诉她在一条很好的路上 , 带她一条沙滩让她快乐吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或高峰或海岸 , 或是在一定程度上指向公园的角色 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说: " 自我是什么意思 , 不仅仅仅是精神崩溃 ? "
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	鼻角只反映上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部文件的特点 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫斯教练里克·卡里斯勒说: " 我很高兴他 , 我很高兴迪克 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	一项新的订单子订单子指数从9月52.8日下跌至52.5点 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年为永久住宅提供了一个应用程序 , 他还没有收到它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	本文提出了一种基于plc的矿井泵房自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在那些早期的时候 , 它移动了男人 , 它打开监狱门 , 使使使命从成员中离开任务 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl+c和ctrl+v建立新的实现只有二秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	schrag说 , 从岩石上释放的海水会随时间增加海平面 , 但并不多 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人从池里挖出来 , 就必须做几乎完美的挖掘或在岩石上喷洒 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	该血清由锚固运送到尼娜 , 第一辆穆斯勒拿上血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱情发生在所有年龄的人 , 因为一个内在生活的变化 , 以及一个人的机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	袭击的首席嫌疑是美国指定的恐怖分子 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今天 , 为你们祝福的祝福 , 今天 , 欢迎你们的祝福:出现和青春的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	我们说的原因虽然是因为你想到的 , 总是参考很多的 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他已经有30%的篮子 , 只有68%的篮子帮助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备也更基本 , 涉及更少的槽 , 并且所有在3d纸币上处理 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2.环只展示与vip客户端的会议 , 标签其所有者结婚和可靠的...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	四月份气价格独自上涨3.3% , 去年上涨333.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站着 , 走过去跟波尔记者一起谈话 , 罗伯特向黑色的罗伯特斯捐赠了他的黑色绳索 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于中国的摩托车 , 是中国的摩托车 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	在课程创新中 , 主要学校教师在课程教师的角色上表现出强烈的变化 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	城下滑坡矿缓缓缓地填满盐刷 , 表面补充 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成份:小麦油 , 花瓣 , 橙色花 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看看我脚 , 祖母冻结的僵硬决定做一对布垫靴子 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它突然跳起来 , 攻击猎人士兵 , 攻击他们 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是铜牌 , 你是19岁的 , 你还没有达到你的主人 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何合理使用添加剂 , 提高阴极铜质量的方法 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一组形状的高精度双功能 , 是一组形状的形状和高精度的双功能 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一件绝对的猴子不想要的事情是他们不想把他们的个人规则放到他们的个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普德汗很高 , 可能是全国最好的城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	沈阳地区九十五房间 , 金利大厦115号北山道路 , 深圳区 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二次猜测自己 , 他们不会谈论自己的事情 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:对唐山2006例不确定性患者的血液学研究结果进行分析 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	木板和其他可燃材料必须从热工作领域移除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这种正式关系的存在给你带来了工作环境规则的权利 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 涵盖你的战术、心理战术是保护操作工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分论文主要阐述了生态社会主义的理论及其对它的共同性 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文分析了音频文件存储格式及音频波形的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分为橡胶 , 闪过流和不可接受的脆化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸鱼的猫被松鼠的激烈斗争留下来的伤疤 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	根据诺亚说 , 财产损害预计在81美元和108亿美元之间 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个商业旅行 , 我明显会带来大多数商业资产项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文献不满足、安排、总结、分析早期 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球物质的燃烧液显示核活性 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现上述示例 , 您使用常规的表达来执行更换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了远程传感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	仿真陶瓷轴 , 直接安全的微晶陶瓷玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们把自己看起来很严肃 , 另一部分的出现 , 关心面对面临的保护 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	用过敏药物异常抽象检测皮肤冲击试验的所有原因 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图片:澳大利亚珊瑚泡沫的大屏障/mattkiefer , flickr 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了快速 , 身体餐 , 尝试小吃停下一条边的街道 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一个父亲 , 几乎不像铁匠一样工作 , 带着他的儿子在生活的艰难下 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	本文第一章介绍了qsar和adck方法、进展及应用的概述 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了苯乙烯催化剂催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	过去两年你参加医院接受医疗治疗或医院吗 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	注意到腹部紧张性 , 颈部检查显示颈部运动紧张性 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给了 " 龙虎战斗 " 的名字 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	id也被称为快乐原则 , 也代表自我重力 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不列举银行为印度最新的一代建设提供钱 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	该系统可以更有效地利用传输带宽 , 实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后提出了基于v基于v的固体解决方案的研究焦点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	根据计划 , 最大的资金来源是销售回到订阅 , 并且已根据计划进行 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温催化粘土与硫酸的关系制备了活性粘土 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	你的目前租赁允许你在某一时期内请求你的十个假期吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最确定路径 , 它是每个人都可以工作的东西 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思想的服务和谐的氛围 , 护士家的真正是老人家 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工购买了332本杂志 , 44部小说和29本非小说书 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	凯恩先生:亲爱的 , 为什么不告诉我这是什么 , 我肯定我能帮助你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可能会采取错误的鸟类 , 通过手把种子排出来污染 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去努力达到健康护理改革的心理改革的会议已结束 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	该公司拥有自己的研究和开发基地 , 生产基地上海、上海和山西省 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	凯瑟琳建议: " 让我们呆在城镇边缘的廉价的摩托尔斯 。 "
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 问题仍然关注精度和其他太阳周期的适用性 。 "
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	一个高高的男人拿着白头发出来 , 是阿尔伯特 , 莫利的姐姐的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	在泰国 , 一个男人走下一条巨大的雨道 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免越南战争的服务 , 并将根源放下 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要成分:提取奶油、橄榄油、维生素b5、geraniums 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作搜索错误是更大的成功培训地 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但是 , 很多相比的是 , 我发现最有兴趣的事情却总是很抱歉 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们很惊讶地听到损害的事情 , 订单在我们的船舶前仔细包装了我们的工厂 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢家们采取机会 , 像其他人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但是他们拒绝让他们担心控制他们 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	城市警察没有充分支付 , 甚至还没有足够的钱给气体 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分 , 学习新闻文章的编写过程 , 像记者在这个免费的期刊性培训视频的记者 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有一个强大的工作市场时 , 组织需要做什么他们可以吸引顶级候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次在客户机前面放置 , 请求解释某些事情是一个舞蹈经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要陷入相信的陷阱 , 因为你不能测试代码的每一行 , 你必须测试任何东西 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是我曾经做过过的最糟糕的巴赫记录 , 也是最具钢琴性的 。
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火和风围绕着各处 , 爬起初级的树木 , 促进了老布什 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页面的内容是illy港口或illy海关进出口公司目录的 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我已经通过我的绘画表达出了我对人类和环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用程序高效分配系统资源 , 提高系统性能 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男性建议不要喝超过21个单位 , 女性14岁 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	崩溃状态中pnipam的时间常数几乎是温度和集中依赖的 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部jinery元素将在热线铝锡炭灰中 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包装床是1980年开发的一种新型高重力气体质量的设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	不管我学到什么语言 , 我总是试着把我的杯子看作 " 全半 " 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要被绝缘 , 如果一个赌徒拿起你的账单来检查它的身份 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔纳 , 拉米和休斯顿认为 , 衰退盐可能成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	航空汽车a320正在从莫斯科飞到基内瓦时 , 试图出现hijacking 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	本课程的安排 , 50名学生发现6家公司和樱桃公司是其中之一 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自那时以来 , mcdonald和其ranchiss已经删除了11 , 000家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界图书馆的书店和图书馆是否可以在这个年龄的own负载中保持可行性和相关性 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家可以解决它只有很多情况 , 例如两个并行板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这项发现还增加了困惑 , 以确定与ntseacs的女性最佳战略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	没有我同意他的一些情绪评价我作为 " 独特的摩龙 " 的评价 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃赫里奇的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马吕斯人最有名的 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 有限制使它成为所有但不可能销售f222的日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	马萨西亚是一个典型的中场者 , 他必须展示的位置 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六我们看到了彼此的柏林 , 沿着迈克海尔戈尔巴切夫 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这也是一种水果 , 来自nahuatl 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	就像猴王走进洞穴时 , 另一个动物用石头盖着洞穴门 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的路径比需要更多的m2mm , 但是它肯定是给他们最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	建立于18881年铁路后 , 迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我发现距离我们的主帐篷的距离 , 永远不介意朝北极的步伐 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	该反应由过敏性休克、紫外线、尿尿病和血管瘤表现 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄林抗lin.核外周有许多小金矿 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	关注了现有it资产的发现和性能的底部中心方法 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	学习角色 , 因此可以在需要的时候替换常规的表演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	德拉森解释说 , 平均收入高于媒体的平均收入 , 平均收入差不多 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可以重新编写您的下一次改变这个网站 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 所以我们从未写过它 , 但是我们找到一些有趣的事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	它必须反对这一点 , 即使新语言交付优秀的游戏经验 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你找到你喜欢的公寓 , 立即向地址或财产经理提交应用程序 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期也可以重新招募优先的诺达奇单位:攻击是日期的表单 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	研究中获得的单色染色体染色体染色体3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	赫斯创造的最小雕塑 , 保持有机的形状和纹理的关系 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	除了过去几年以前 , 除了她的地下针灸的历史之外 , 还没有历史 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	除了神秘之外 , 也描述了西方旅游者的非tibetanscruel攻击 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 没有印度 , 必须更仔细地校准他们的政府财务 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	20111年夏天 , 生产开始在秋季 , 电影预计在20111年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	烦恼但严肃的英语你是我梦想得到的红色读者的球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	沙巴现在只控制40%的摩加德州的繁荣 , 从几个月前的60%下降了约60% 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	德国的温暖天气预测在西班牙 , 说他的日子应该站在好的稳定里 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:用92.3%的成功率对108例口腔进行成功重新开放 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特性如分离、循环影响周围的散菜 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	然而 , 这确实是非常决定的 , 看起来似乎没有什么 , 你知道的 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德·斯洛特说 , 在亲吻之后 , 他离开海滩附近的海滩上 , 离开好莱路 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	在这里 , 她不仅谈论真正的风险因素 , 她也规定出可能是错误的迹象 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并不比祈祷者更有效 , 当它似乎可以被解释为合同的时候 , 就可以解释 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据订单需求 , 可以设计可调整可调整的梯度 , 并根据订单需求制造 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	在1980年代的马拉登帕丁尼一世纪80年代的马拉登帕丁尼 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分行有限公司是我国正式的专业装饰公司的一个良好的信心 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 我喜欢这个城市的一切都是那么恐怖的 。 "
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几种理论实例 , 证明了表面的地形修正的地形 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例表明 , 在源中使用的代码页面也是windows使用nglish 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设置温度高时 , 可扩散性具有负相关性 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很棒 , 中国的食物是宝贵的 , 让我们享受我们的午餐男人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查尔洛特写道 , 艾米丽作为ellisbell , 安妮作为actonbell 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	我永远不会忘记那些日子 , 当我住在军队里 , 士兵对我的生活有很大的影响 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	布莱姆第一次回来的事情是跑到莫尔 , 给她的丈夫和亲吻 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , 谷歌是可处理的 , 还有减少谷歌会恢复的风险 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一种方法来返回其类别的标签和方法绑定剪切操作的方法 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰设置了一个停车器和盖子 , 这个开发了terry和ferdinand的才能 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果需要语义正确的对比 , 您应该使用双指标 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	生活大学的自由 , 暂时忘记过去的自由 , 浮动享受目前的 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	试验室出现了一个弱的辐射形式 , 无法阻止皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后提出了集团开发战略实现混凝土建议和措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	总体来说 , 我仍然是不利于人类和我们的社会的人之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种腐蚀盆地被关闭 , 进化成沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	此外 , 在移动相位移动相位的时候 , 进入和熵都有助于促进分离 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化带来了新鲜的配件、衣服、珠宝和身体颜色的新收藏 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	尽管会议金融集团在外国酒店举行会议时 , 是因为 " 狼 " 来 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	罗纳德·雷根说: " 在我生命的四场战争中 , 我的生命时候没有来到 , 因为美国太强了 。 "
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	9月 , 该公司推出了2010年9月的销售预测 , 至2010年的25%至600万辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	中国内部事务的非干扰原则是不在其他国家内部事务中 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨guilliabar综合征患者的电流学特点 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏产生癌症 , 肾脏疾病可能导致身体缺乏碳素 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	为了保证别人盲目和信仰别人 , 事实上是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他正在指出 , 动物在生命期间获得了某些特点 , 因为它们的环境和选择 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	外缸和内缸之间的距离离 , 空气的空气被泵入真空 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有人设计这个乐趣的矢量描述 , 可访问的怪物型字符 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913年 , 他没有出版任何与1912年至1913年 , 直到1912年或1913年的法律结构相关的事情 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以在html中的指定位置放置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	给出了mmm4utm4utem镜中等离子体不稳定性和潜在限制的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	所以 , 描述系统平衡状态的这些变换属性被称为状态变量 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	本文介绍了单扫描链设计中的存储元素的优化序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文采用宏观的树脂处理废水来处理硫胺的废水 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	负责党的行政工作 , 直接授权机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	这位绅士无限是资源丰富的 , 在军队和政治环境中有密切联系 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一辆汽车到达标准的汽车 , 应当不可服务的道路运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用于急性和慢性肠炎的治疗 , 由细菌或真菌引起的腹泻 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	1880年和1892年的其他协议密封了巴林的保护地位 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察合成康复治疗豚鼠综合征综合征综合征的疗效 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小型多希基2:阳光衰退不容易被清洗 , 雨天清洗 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后通过两种037型抗血浆巡逻工艺加强了四艘船舶 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 为了解决药物的烧伤和伤口愈合 , 研究和发展成为一种新的治疗方案 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医学:很多pepsin , 胰腺素 , 更多的酶颜色 , maifeing等待 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对气体参数的影响很少 , 但无论减少了aw 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	金华总理会见了康古希马文化交流集团的主要成员 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前的冠军罗尼奥·奥尔维安相信 , 丁俊华有什么东西去 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	时间部署工作安全 , 严格实施领土监管责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区的公安工作将面临着发展和面临严峻挑战的机会 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需要驱动it部门实现基于标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划使用电动机从10至60公斤的10至60公里的电动机安装其他超光电机 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在已经被新老板采取了 , 而它的钱的麻烦似乎是过去的一件事 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑到我们是所有的印度人 , 它将解释我们彼此相互教学 , 它将不会解释许多骑士 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	但是 , 有各种关于那些可以从死者或鬼子或个人沟通的事情 , 或者你有什么东西 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	sift一起把干燥的成分加入混合碗中 , 然后把蝴蝶和膝盖形成粗糙 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 虽然很多来自银行家的政治家说话 , 这样的观点似乎没有采取持有 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗明星价格为5颗恒星提供的价值建议 , 在市场上不匹配的价值建议 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我想读者得到了这个点 , 在某些时候我们都是这样做的:我们太忙得做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	基本上 , 阿加斯西和里索斯的一切都是什么 , 他们生活中有什么感谢网球的 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在许多情况下 , 他们干涉了我国经济秩序正常的经济秩序 , 影响了许多高品质的市场 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑事法规定 , 各类机构的税收制度包括税收制度 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 基于hikivision的图像捕获板的图像捕获控制和pantilt控制 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能是在辩论的原则 , 例如识别faacies或理解偏见的原则 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否在街道摄影或访问自然或人造网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能做一个侧腿 , 寻找路径来扩展你的目前的位置 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将会在你头的冠军中穿过 , 会填补你的身体 , 你的身体真的不习惯 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度的变化 , 优化模型降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	通道的主要特点是多路径传输和浅效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都在底下 , 金钱总是使决定 , " pellegrino告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	莎米波os和其他产品设计开放的螺杆孔不停止头发损失或促进头发的增长 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	温室试验结果表明 , 生物控制效率可达72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有人认为我们在不太远的未来的峰顶上坐在那峰顶上 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周在我们的系列、拉里西和托尼·里格斯描述了抗war运动的抗war运动 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使在前利益学习中心 , 或者在历史网站上领导旅游 , 还要求硕士学习 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	这个bct费用将在16岁以上所有新加坡人和新加坡人士的新加坡人士 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	介绍了hl7中间件在多参数监测器上实现的方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我在我的柏拉图登的照片列表中 , 我的命令链不会移动我如果问我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆上海猎头公司是一家运营模式的初步研究的例子 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵项目风险分析模型具有独特的理论和解决这些问题的方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来分支付的价值分支价值的折扣价值的商业学校方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么说呢 ? 没有呼吸连续性 , 怎么可以再生 ? 没有死亡 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	刑罚:对未来暴力的惩罚 , 类似于巴罗 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一节解释了这个成本更全面 , 因为它探索创业成本是如何最初创业成本的 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动员的科学研究是揭示事物的本质和客观法的认知过程 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	但是菲尔德的妻子林达 , 有一只猎物是错误的: " 你知道妻子 , 就像一个声音一样 。
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	在原则上 , 每个基因组的复制 , 估计60 , 000基因完全相同 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员查看这个主题 , 这个作者应该在政府做什么呢 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想要匹配这些字符verbatim , 你必须使用一个逃跑的背景 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当在2008年欧洲冠军的运用模式时 , 预测赢家并没有把它变成第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	采用多功能死亡 , 可制造出平方孔角钢梁梁 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	好心是广泛的 , 慷慨 , 容纳宇宙的利益 , 人类共同的利益 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我首先表达我们最诚挚的祝贺到班级团体实现了优秀的结果和同学 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	杨永湾中心获得全国建设 " luban奖 " 现代园林广场 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几周来 , 我26岁的儿子大卫 , 在我跟他去大西洋城市的大西洋城市 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	泰尔曼特说 , 银行拥有其顾客的信任 , 并没有看到任何有意义的资金流 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	游泳游泳者迪安娜·尼亚德已经成为第一位来自古巴的游泳员 , 没有鲨鱼笼子 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	博纳告诉记者说: " 这对总统来说是不负责的 。 "
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事显示了贫穷国家癌症的悲剧现实以及对人民和家庭的影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在阿基马尔沙克之后 , 精神病人是明天执行的 , 你每年都在短条条件下 。
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	根据相关规定 , 违反规定或违反考试者的任何人将按照相关规定进行处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许不到一个kiloton , 听起来像很多 , 但实际上是核装置的小型 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在更基本的基础上 , 美国人害怕死亡不仅仅是死亡 , 而且在谈论和思考死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	晚些时候 , " 朱明笔意识 " 这个阅读: " 中国伟大的年龄 , 没有云变 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球化公司位于加州华盛顿海滩的美国公司 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商将拥有超过医疗设备qs规范的质量系统 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	喜欢道德化的人通常是假说的 , 同样的女人是平静的 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	虽然我们没有人会单独改变宇宙的过程 , 集体地我们可以做这件事 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他补充道 , " 通过我们的领导者的神和智慧 , 这些插件被中性化 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	研究龙乌山地区野生花及其应用 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记住 , 神的名字代表我们所名的神 , 耶和华神自己是这个塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全地使用浪费了一个基础推进剂 , 通过证明钢板判断了电荷的破坏场景 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自3月份fda以来 , amgen的股份已经超过27%的美国 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文总结了利用合金加入的almg合金的试验研究 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	这是根据消息集 , 根据消息集来节省的经纪人文件系统 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰b.沃森在处理孩子的极端坚定性 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该需要更多的话来解释图片的意思 , 或者你为什么包含它 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	胡椒 , 巴西 , 奥根多 , 土壤 , 狮子 , 洋葱和花园只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	尝试和清楚你的思想在床前 , 努力考虑艾滋病睡眠的积极思想 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但是在中国加入了1992年的npt和2004年的nsg之后 , 至少官方的帮助 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	哈尼问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金 , 没有一个人不再爱一个人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村地区人力资本投资的不足和效率低 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	只有一段时间 , 阿姨粉也有大胸罩 , 他们打开 , 她就会把东西拉出来 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有嘴 , 点眼睛 , 腰肢 , 嘴唇不聪明 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	爷爷 , 告诉我你怎么做 , 有天我想做最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚总统罗马尼亚是黑海地区的大西洋主义的基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与肝脏之间的直接联系很理解 , 但是酒精对其他器官有什么影响 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但是我觉得我做的是时间来评估我做的事情是否有任何价值 , 还是不会对我的存在添加任何价值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中所示的最后一个接收项目 , 包含额外的html类:在线需求 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周五 " 谢上帝 " 的周五 , 单词通常只用在周四 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	爱德·贝吉利·杰尔 , 61岁的活动员和演员 , 比任何人都要做的更长 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很艰难 , 我很抱歉 , 我知道我想要的是什么 。 如果那个坏女人 , 好的 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们问关系专家在接触前应该讨论的事情 , 这里有13个问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	北京官员福比斯首席盖迪·史坦 , 自2002年以来已经覆盖中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一站是东莞市的东莞县座 , 已经出口贸易的出口力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	十年前 , 我们对国家卫生服务的立法已经过去了 , 而且没有发生的事情 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到现在 , 本文根据实践的理论和实践 , 构建了一个框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客触摸一个人 , 让他们知道他需要透过 , 但是让他的手比必要要长得多 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他走到她身边 , 轻轻地为她早期无信 , 确保她的搜索已经结束了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipsjtomcat.zip到您的tmcat安装的webapps目录 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	该团队只显示了由cdk1分化成骨细胞的ezh2磷脂的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但是 , 中国人不认识这一事实 , 如果他应该做的话 , 那就会消除自己的优越感 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘记那些关于礼物的基本真理时 , 它总是导致教会的麻烦 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了实现maitreya的未来 , 必须满足许多条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	弗兰克保罗博士是瑞士联邦科技研究院的一个专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	泡沫膜合同和叶片长 , 损失或婚礼 , 没有像任何东西一样的牙形 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	在室内和子承包钢制造、焊接部分进行监测、检测和质量控制 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种氢基因、编码基因和应用程序 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	紧密的商店尝试和控制货币化 , 你只能依靠自己的内部创新机械和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 可能会得到同样的限制性的食物来自部分饮食方面的利益 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救援努力不足以得到装配线的其他地方重新启动 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:201房间201 , 4层块 , 陶瓷研究引擎 , 冯西路 , 潮州 , 中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了乙酸盐离子的平行磷酸盐膜电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和skeleton对象也照顾着集装箱管理事务的开始和承诺 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我会想到天上和地上 , 血 , 火 , 烟囱 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自新世纪开始以来 , 本课题的大规模介绍了这一课题的开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年建立了一家著名的中国现代绘画和书法的实证交易网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用 , 建立了与inotify的通信 , 通过系统调用可用函数作为跟踪 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠步行是心理病范围下降的意识障碍之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	答:根据中国法律 , 进入中国的法律违法的人 , 应当按照中国的法律处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液试验早些时候 , 七周进入怀孕 , 而超声也没有 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc媒体也增加了cm模型血管的数量和血管的加固 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 通常泪泪在你的眼睛里 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败了 , 他的妻子将有一个可行的剂量 , 证据证明他面对他 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是实现的梗阻是一个关键的变化 , 而自动变化是全球和扩散 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望莎莎莎的同学或朋友在国外可以阅读你的评论 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了catv图形组件库 , 只是援助软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但是牛奶充满白细胞厚厚的血液 , 使牛奶更快就变坏了 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	此外 , 烹饪和食用质量主要是由f1组合的gca决定的 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	该技术支持eelidean距离测量和lfteelidean距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	凯斯特说: " 宫殿设计为常见化疗药物的治疗方案 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	最近几周 , 汽油价格下跌7美分 , 每加仑3.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她准备下降的时候 , 发现所有的视频剪辑都比记录中的所有视频剪辑的力量要强 。
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然你可以购买一些不锁定的手机 , 但通常是一个运行的尼希路径 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验表明 , 金属离子对脂肪植物的形状、尺寸和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	江说: " 如果我从美国开始 , 我会花费更多时间去寻找资金 。 "
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果患者之间有神经分离 , 它可以解释重要行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干燥化学试验文的临床应用价值及尿液沉积镜检测方法 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一名伟大的员工 , 为我团队提供了重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	这个记者有权在本期刊上出版的作品和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第十二条小规模的税人员goods或可税务服务的利率可行性 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组电机功能明显提高治疗后 , 尤其是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	干旱通过子热带传播 , 伴随着热波和强烈的野火 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张约翰·莱昂和约翰·莱昂的照片 , 他们就像一个平滑的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的黑头发和银色的玻璃使他成为哈利波特的死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮寄给美国的非洲航空邮件 , 第二20克莱姆是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡赫是一个财富的一部分 , 必须给穷人或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	所以在碰撞后几乎发生了什么事情 , 电子在这里倒下来 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么 ? 这看起来像你站在山上一个巨大的朱尼古人一样 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内部援助 , 从你的脚里离开水 , 使他们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她每天喂牛奶 , 每天每天的四倍 , 同样的婴儿需要一天的时间 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	对于我们的知识最好的 , 大脑军长唐尼卡西亚很少被瑞典报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看 , 这个消息大约是80岁的女孩 , 她为她的狗出生3000元的女孩 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	利用er图形工具设计系统信息模型 , 构建了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	没有洪水淹没到地上 , 但在这里 , 山区的山地区正落在路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层的框架和监督控制层网络系统的管理层和管理层网络系统做出了补偿 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论本实验室检查对bmt早期诊断有明显的帮助 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	设计的传感器也可以用来测量其他类型的线性位移或旋转角 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析汉代铜描述的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	东南地区西部和东部地区的ptt条件有不同的ptt条件 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运营策略:积极适应 , 进步 , 独立发展 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 该公式被认为是可用来计算在管道上的绘制力的计算 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	设置值是java.lang.lang.对象或子类的参考 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	美国国家卫生运动协会政府在美国的大学体育学院 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着那些住在大房子里的人 , 不要你 ? " 一个女孩问道 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我丈夫的第一位教练经验是一名高中篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨创伤脑室内出血的临床特点及治疗 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	在蝴蝶式阀中 , 如洗孔、吹孔等缺陷 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	这个数量每年增加你在这里的通货膨胀和对政府的规定 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因是由于东西意识形态差异 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	抗抑郁剂丸的下面之一是他们可以长时间工作 , 在两到八个星期之间 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有一个很好的关系 , 即使是在他打电话游戏后 , 他叫我想知道一切关于我的条件的事情 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是美国学术发展基金建立的主要效益 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文对现代景观希腊工程建设管理进行了分析 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市人民国会 , 华盛顿杨永广说 , 学校主任 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立一种新制备的复合土壤水氯化盐凝胶的质量控制 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分成标准房间 , 豪华房间 , 单房间 , 各种套套房 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨医疗密切护理单位的细菌感染和药物耐药状态 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨大鼠肠道分泌动力学的吸收动力学 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜的 , 美妙的魔鬼洞 , 水 , 摩西 , 奴隶 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	朝鲜回到南韩 , 烟草和威廉镇都享受了两个爱情时代的两个人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	所以 , 这只是你可以在单轨道上拥有最多的电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记水平表面 , 忘记记站在后面 , 只要拿起四分之一 , 把它扔掉 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 挖掘 " 意味着足够的信息共享、相互理解和同时期的平行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰也有神秘的质量 , 因为直到日本发现他们不可能生长 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	就在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 妻子在34年前搬到了 , 就在结婚之前 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	在人群中 , 音乐也是声音 , 我说我也爱我的自由 , 现在我不确定我做 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	为了发明专利 , 它必须明显的是艺术中的普通技能之一 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	五月五日 , 莱昂纳德·辛菲尔德在巴塔维亚发布和文章 , 伊利诺伊斯关于伊利诺斯 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣卢西亚明显是一个岛屿 , 一个人只能希望它能保持它的无点魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请保持清洁的环境 , 转移手机和b.b.b.调用 , 准备 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac治疗效率优于传统的pac或铝硫酸铝 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户从音乐博客到cnn时 , 用户可以添加什么价值 ?
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我只是在丹麦 , 发生在我那里并没有一个巨大的古尔普社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了处理idp的增加负荷 , 基于集群实现负载平衡是必要的 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但是 , 在那么暴力的现实中 , 原因变了 , 没有任何事情仍然存在 , 只是直觉 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与爱尔兰集团一样 , 这给我们一个关于陶瓷工作的新观点 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务预算是信用市场的关键问题 , 从短缺经济转移到超过一个 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听着 , 但也没有办法 , 然后她看到北方和蓝军 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到这是一半的诗意感觉的本质 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但是改变足够的话 , 虽然这只是一次 , 你的思想终结了死亡 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然 , 两个女孩有一个变化 , 一个人把另一只小伙伴拉到水里 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	阳光闪烁着河流的进口 , 带着丈夫在地上 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一对可能不适合你的鞋子内部的鞋子 , 所以你可能想要分离穿鞋或运动的正义物理 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后 , 他向卫卫队做出了一封信 , 但是他特别的插件并不知道 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	通过宗教团体的传播性感是诚实的 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和提高氢燃料生产的支出 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔夫歌唱 , 诺顿扮演 " 瑞典河 " , 然后 " 黑圣灵 " 快速的温泉 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	企业、代理商、零售商、销售商、零售商的交易机制和系统将保持 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期库存系统 , 管理器必须通过视觉检查来控制库存 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	但是我对你说 , 判断的日子里 , 要比判断的日子更容易 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一位来自山西的艺术家保罗mcctney教授的情感 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	新应用程序或功能的时间市场大提高了节省成本 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	拉弗莱先生通常运动的开放式衬衫的衬衫 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后给出了在匹配和线性电压控制条件下的最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 黄张不能控制自己 , 但开始笑着他的妻子和可爱的孩子 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道 , 爸爸怎么努力把钱放在一起 , 根据我和教训 , 都有足够的钱 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	让某些飞行者或某些东西保持着平静和锤子轻轻地躺在床上 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	温柔是一个尖锐的剑 , 温柔是一种潜在的力量 , 让所有人都提交自己 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 道德和经济都变得不可重视 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试的话 , 我会得到一个坏的级别 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但是 , 两次学院奖励者也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	第二 , 指针对指针的参考开始 , 并遵循它的箭头访问它的指针 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	1891年12月21日 , 第一个篮球比赛在历史上扮演 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期的醒目中 , 他声明了与共和党人在国会工作的愿望 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本远远不多 , 但日圆已经成为那些逃离美元的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	他们坐落在地上 , 树木 , 山到西方和自然春天 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	詹宁斯威博士在有机化学和香水的主题上发表了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗吗 ? 我不相信它 , 我认为他在工作的时候都像我的兄弟一样 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的姐姐为一间蘑菇错了我 , 她把我放在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	卡丁纳罗塞尔赞扬了 " 外星 " 圣的生活 。 " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	" 这只是那些必须担心发生什么事情的恶人 , " livshits说 。
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们走到第二楼的店房里 , 走下门 , 穿着警察的统一服装 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的本体合并方法可以克服传统的本体对象合并方法的抽象 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了用于注射液氯化物的hplc方法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件过程代谢元模型是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	针对经验的讨论 , 本文介绍了大量前秦儒学思想的思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房里 , 他沿他的信中滑出一只刀 , 把它们的折叠的信息滑出来 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地的人杀死了所有人 , 反对国王 , 他们使约西亚王在他的地方 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	另一家零售链 , 是第一家把质量和压力提供在同一销售地板上 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	大吉尔不需要从发明到生活中赚钱 , 因为他被法国政府的惩罚 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉人们吃鲨鱼的文件是好的 , 但是吃这类动物的最后也不错 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	热空气隧道、热空气隧道等重载装置下空气温度 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电源转换器在提升模式运行时 , 低压侧电池将放电并提供电源的dclink ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的下降发生在1256年 , 由于蒙古帝国扩张到伊朗和叙利亚的结果 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个阻塞区域图 , 并提出了一个不断加强振动的边界图 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下文链接应该为创建并使用它们的事务所需要的信息进行理解 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个热夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面变得充满幻想 , 充满诱惑 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微电机械系统多重性宏观模式非标准结构秩序降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨亚马尔海娜沥青脱硫剂的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在我所爱的学校之前 , 我喜欢一切东西 , " 红色 , 现在19岁 , 在cnn电视台上说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间是由各种类型的房屋和贸易员的工作坊组成的 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学习一些当地的法尼亚 , 包括在家庭的巴芬尼达家庭的面包 , 如果吃的话 , 我们就会有毒 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	然而 , 在危险中 , 假设可变的危险 , 量化的事情都有冲突 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	提出了一种简单的正式集合的正式半群的常规半群的构造理论 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析了天线高度扫描的存在问题 , 利用辐射特性的测量方法 , 分析了天线高度扫描的存在问题 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但是我们必须提醒我们的同志 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 五七 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满了雄心 , 一旦他们收集了他们的第一次射手 , 他们杀死的头部 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	该价格位置显著增加潜在的核布局已经积极 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果证实了调查马蹄和蒙古羊间的抗感染的差异 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 超越山的橄榄树 " , " 小河 " 、 " 村庄跨越 " 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在新西兰电视台的视频图片中 , 男人把伤员从垃圾中拉出来 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 乔治马逊大学的地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	奥扎克的土耳其农民并不免疫 , 每个地方都在打击农村社区的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	因此 , 叶子种子在其它树顶部的大平面树上生长 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	政治科学家彼得·l&ouml说: " 伏克斯帕蒂恩来到了一端 。 "
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	定量地处理了厦门西海港七站沉积样本的沉积样本 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两者都成功的是饮酒和女性的诱惑 , 与批评家和新闻有无关的关系 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	达什板收到了集中应用程序的上下文信息 , 并使用它查询后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	agv大基础系统是一套用于控制和管理许多gv的软件来完成许多材料传输任务的软件 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为第五章的第一章 , 有一个药物 , 促进了一个寄存式禁止的药物 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	运输方便:上海220公里 , 65公里来自宁波290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作家罗伯特·沃尔斯勒创造了一个诗人的肖像 , 他实际上写了一个自我肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	你所想到的一切都有思考 , 说 , 做了你现在的那种人 , 也包含了你未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖分子nuke , 从strayexsoviet纤维材料组装出来 , 可以破坏整个日子 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听了两个朋友谈论过去的话 , 想 " 梦想 " 的现实 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	操作研究、知识系统、开发历史、应用程序、业务决策中的功能 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	据伊里克逊说: " 我是个真空 , 我已经活过了500多年了 。 "
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	所以 , 五月份 , 由于警察数字减少警察计划的压力 , 导致警察计划的结果 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	好的是 , 当伊利雅时 , 神的惊人的前言 , 只有上帝就像他死后 , 就像他一样 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	参加他的阅读 , 他说 , 大量的西班牙人 , 40 , 000人住在同一城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确保 , 我认为你应该有三种尿液测试 , 以及检查前列腺分泌的检查 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	这所学校有小黄 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 积极努力建立一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	该公司拥有强大的技术力量和国内先进产品r&d能力的电缆研究所 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝聚冷却 , 与组织失去联系 , 白海天使饺子也承认了他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在国家卫生计划上投资免疫高的国家卫生计划 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	本文介绍了该单元仪偏差测量机理的设计原理和计算方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在福利多元主义的影响下 , 社区护理成为复制问题的主要战略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	我实际上每天都在监狱里玩笑 , 然后我用冷水洗澡 , 如果是雪还是睡着 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被保存到一个持久的媒介中 , 或者作为新文档的一部分来源的数据 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学爆炸解决方案具有良好的稳定性 , 长期的服务寿命和低粗糙的处理钢表面 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他是由4名专门负责人支持的高级部长 , 他也被选举的政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	住宅活动家和学者说 , 这个选举年期的账单会轻松 , 但不会结束 , 房屋危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利安的目标是捕捉最好的肖像 , 她可以在那个时间框架内捕捉到她的工作是帮助她做这样的 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文斯先生说 , 从现在的移民将在澳大利亚的工作力量结构上发挥更大的作用 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人震惊的责任 , 知道你准备未来 , 中国的下一代领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这种损失的成员人类 , 他们有一个警告的外交观 , 第一次 , 问问后来的问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板加强软土基地具有快速速速、效果好、施工简单的特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 1999年 , 心树咨询公司正在预测现有资料化的非常威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	这比原来的50倍大 , 覆盖了240平方公交车的等效区域 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但是上帝不仅忘了过去的 , 他穿着你在正义上衣服 , 虽然你从来没有犯罪 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	观察人群彼此关闭 , 哭泣 , 在那个时代 , 彼此举行彼此的相互关系使我欣赏我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟焦是一个非常成熟的工艺 , 它看起来是一种普通的脱硫工艺 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	在2005年房屋繁荣的峰值下 , 现有和新房屋的销售都在1976年的两倍运行 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:全晚监测6例sb患者和8例正常人 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	她的男孩 , 他们在贝尔维德里很好吗 ? 那么 ? 父亲对此很高兴听到 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	在5059岁的年龄组中 , 非营养药物的使用也比60岁的年龄组更普遍 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国人民贸易的基本利益 , 与中国人民共同友好 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们也可以猜 , 这样的牙刷可能会伤害人体的牙齿 , 还有他的情绪 , 很不便捷的他 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但是 , 一个过度信心的李思想 , 两个银行都增强了 , 梅德会在中心弱 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	范尼拉是最受欢迎的风味 , 是在商店前面的一个独立案例 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	三十岁以上女性离婚的女性 , 几乎像中国达成文化的地位 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲常在这晚上错过他们的道路 , 我可以告诉你目前没有改变机会 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是一个关于爱情、lust、青年文化和街道生活的新壳鱼电视节目 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏幕上的消息 , 死辊现在是21 , 000 , 000多人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , eg插入到细胞查询中 , 像在扩展后的结构一样 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	自从答案可以更加自然 , 因为高尔夫球员在高尔夫球员的手臂很高兴 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他种玉米有较少的水 , 不要流行 , 当你加热玉米的时候 , 内部的水使玉米爆炸 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症、心脏病 , 依赖剂量的化学物质 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到我在这次冒险之前花了太多钱 , 现在我必须一段时间住在我的信用卡上 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会的责任明确定义吗 ? 这些定义符合地区的需求 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	一种用于摄像机的研究人员环境是流式细胞仪 , 用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺 , " 为了保护自己的信心 , 保护他的客户的秘密 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 提出了负电源供电的负电理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但是如何标准导致神经神经病学评价范围的标准是目前尚未共识的 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我要求她的建议 , 她总是准备好帮助 , 解释我的满意 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这个版本双扫描器有两个输出线 , 使得它适合广泛的各种使用 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你像一个令人惊叹的教育经验一样 , 你就会得到很多的机会 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国在叙利亚暴力反抗抗议者的叙利亚大使邀请 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地回答道: " 听起来像神吻的话 , 没有任何伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	然而 , 随后他们与土地有关 , 他们杀死了一个可考虑的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在贵阳高中开发的广阳高中 , 获得了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他在莫斯科附近的莫斯科的形成下 , 佩蒂亚从奥巴伦斯基的政权转移到贝州 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能操作 , 包括战略底下和覆盖操作的使用 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校英语课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是不知情的 , 几个不完全低密钥的珊瑚细胞组工作原因 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理还访问了罗德亚通用医院 , 一个由中国社会福利项目资助的社会福利项目 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个例子正在改变表空间容器的位置 , 它也可以使用背部和恢复 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有引起商业名牌的破坏 , 但将提高他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	mercator的世界是探索、发现和映射地球和地球空间的两个月杂志 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元酶将运行你198.95美元的视频和图像来自你的计算机 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	在波海岸的最后一次冰川损失调查中 , 研究了阿美菲亚的研究 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试与最近的实际格式、问题类型和困难程度相似 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	本文对vrv热泵空调系统的经济效率进行了比较 , 对传统加热系统的经济效率进行了比较 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这部电影是美国版本的两千八条法国的thriller称为 " 波尔 " 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	两个灯具的纯黄金灯具 , 用灯具烧在内部的圣殿前面 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有许多道德主义者 , 其中 , 上清省有最重要的影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展已向圣诞节和其他外国节出生 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐歌在 " 新疆 " 一个小的知识 , 展示了每一方面的思想治理 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春季排水期的第一次排水期是明显的十年内特征 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有的sac.指导员都在工作场培训和评估中获得了证书4 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以把这笔钱送到达尔福的营地里 , 到了艾滋病疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看 , 我们的拇指和箱子 , 当车来车时 , 我们有点困扰 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道你的眼睛没有触摸到实验室黑色吗 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有许多 " 也许 " 的 " 可能 " , 他们似乎只能贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置瓶颈的原因 , 例如一类超流 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险及对照方法 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本烹饪书里 , 食品的汤子很温和 , 因此 , 适合全年消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果严重组中 , 出生体重的妊娠年龄明显小于对照组 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统选举了一名出生商务管理员 , 成为他的商务部长 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然很糟糕的是 , 但我不能吃饭 , 我仍然可以用那些鼻子和饺子来获得饭 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp被授予学位的权力 , 这意味着它允许自己叫做大学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年出版了我第一篇中国文章 , 但在1983年的时候 , 写作最早的文章 , 直到1983年的秋天 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以回到步骤时 , 开始了解为什么发生的事情 , 你可以找到积极的后代 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着如果你想留下技能的话 , 就会减少激励在你的文件给予收入时休息 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	为了旅行 , 贵东没有瞬间回到嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种行业的新标准包括卫生保健 , 已促进xmlenabled应用程序的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你犯了严重错误 , 如果你受伤了别人或者自己 , 那就没有用来感觉到犯罪 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	一个主机或服务确定在低压阈值下的状态停止平滑 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	变量系数 , 解决方案本身及其正常流量可能是不断的 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中9硝基霉素乳酮的体外稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母-和儿科学家、教育者和心理学家-寻找帮助的方法 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	在第一个出口 , 重 , 军事地面和匹配 , 玛丽的植被大延迟了我们的进展 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	大道:在经典建筑中 , 平原部分的柱子之间 , 基地和玉米之间 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	沙林是一个机械 , 这是他的工作室 , 他的工作室里有一个小的垫子 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	换个收到的消息 , 不仅没有逃跑 , 还是穿着衣服 , 准备好救父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他在那里捕捉了一百万人住在那里 , 在那里有三百亿人在2050年住在那里 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	一些美国中西部的一些县已经宣布由于雨灾和火灾所致的应急状态 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	戈西斯:发现纳特·阿尔巴德学习你不知道一件好事 , 直到去找别人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论利多卡因结合德克米沙酮可防止药物引起的phlebitis 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两个人醒来 , 突然看到了春花的君子 , 采取了谁来到的来访 , 说要寻找金银 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突变了不敏感的月亮 , 沉默的月亮 , 投影在地面的地面 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 尊敬客人 , 女士和绅士 , 所有的员工明华 , 下午好 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	由于人类对其影响 , 李江空间森林几乎没有看到拉希海地区的典型林 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 在野生中烧伤的动物被黄金矿工和其他人所免费的动物包装 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	考古学家猜测花园在建筑上被建立 , 为提高水的规定提供了提高 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	北极将是21世纪萨拉杰夫 , 触发能源资源的主要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	ueyyyyyyue的未期待死亡已经获得了一场激烈的国际辩论 , 萨马利亚法律的激烈的国际辩论 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期极锂酸锂的原理、制造及应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	克服了悲剧和痴呆症的克服 , 讲述了许多城镇民间对高原因犯罪的行为 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果采用异丙烯mristate作为溶剂 , 采用异丙烯酸酯 , 避免了膜过滤的干扰 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	1893年 , 在27岁的时代 , 他报道了他对照明的方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 这些诗的意义很清楚 , 读者可以从她的经历中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	为了防止4 , 00000000个封闭保障的计划 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	实际上 , 在辐射和循环方向下 , 气速和压力在交叉截面变化中的变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在教室培训和评估中花了2小时 , 每个学生都会赚0.2英镑 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了人工和苯乙烯静态极性的dft研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来他把鸡蛋放在炉子上 , 鸡蛋沙威克斯是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 广东核电厂18个月燃油循环获得大边缘 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室测试中 , 他们发现一个叫做banblec的lectin被称为 " 艾滋病毒 " 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	400个im不仅需要强度和速度 , 而且还有巨大的耐久性 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	潘迪说: " 当解释者把他的拇指固定到这个公共文件中 , 就不能回来了 。 "
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是班球员 , 他很不同 , 我不能找到其他的球员 , 看起来像他一样 , 或者像他一样玩耍 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员说 , 他们的发现也可以应用到那些声称他们依赖早上杯茶来获得他们的脑袋 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看没有人会来 , 给你吃饭或水 , " 上帝会为我提供 , " 是唯一答案 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度吃饭不会增加你的抑郁 , 但是增加重量 , 你需要适合你的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	经过互联网后 , 他开始从空间发布twitpics , 获得忠诚的跟踪 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	另一天她也说 , 她只是想说她对整个事情的想法 , 没有任何意图来战斗 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用肝瘤h22接种疫苗进行移植肿瘤的模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我得到参议院晚些时候 , 所以在他们回家之后 , 他们就不能覆盖它 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本文确定了人体、ilium、skull和rib的强度限制 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	韩国的物种被建立为一个扎伯拉克 , 使他成为同样的天生物种 , 使他成为死亡的黑色马尔 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛使用 , hlv兼容电路的设计越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	坝型电力设备:主要设备固定在海岸上 , 为工厂、房屋和其他海岸提供电力 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	这位21岁的丹麦国际球员广泛被视为欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	这个女性是35岁的医生 , 被观察到17 , 408岁的男性 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	拜仁慕尼黑的中场离开已经证实了 , 他将在老板转会上留下 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	刺激生物 , 凤凰 。 他们可以立即携带重量的荷载 , 他们的泪水有健康的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样的情况下 , 该组织可以使用简单的进展检查列表来实现机制和主动控制 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	英格兰木材和纤维玻璃手工 , 椭圆形内部措施只超过6英尺 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是知识驱动经济时代医院所有可见资本的通用名字 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家梅尔本·菲尔蒙奇有很多理由庆祝 , 并与观众共享庆祝庆祝庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 沙鲁克已经忍受了杜 , 另外 , 国家的第二个电信运营商埃塞拉特 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前室膜只释放新鲜的水 , 不允许盐水污染袋 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们欢迎来自我们的城市委员会的更多帮助 , 这从来没有发生 , 这就是为什么我们追求kirkby 。
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你有限的工资预算和一个星期的最大5周 , 但是你想要的球员要求7k 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液救济:现在有机会从任何英雄袭击、血液三分之一或威尔文德攻击 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	提出了一种计算非静态过程线性结合的第一交叉可靠性的有效数值方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	由于市场营销渠道 , 项目应采用授权销售代理模型来提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民担心 , 跨坡可以创造低质量的混合植物 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员了解不同形状和尺寸的羽毛 , 不同频率的和谐结构的不同 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨复发性颅内钉治疗椎间骨折的临床疗效 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	这个工具适合一个进步的喉咙动作 , 它允许一个低速的螺旋开关 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	采用pd控制算法 , 限制了控制量和集成量的过程 , 增加了数量 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	研制了磷相液相色谱法分离可离和强极性有机化合物 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	苏州公园酒店和建筑是苏州会议或社会场所的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	运行微镜观察前动脉通信的解剖特征 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	扫描器削减一朵花来使用鲨鱼刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早早晨或鸭子可顾问 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在程序方面 , 共同的论点需要法官、党和其他参与的等等的辩论和对话 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记一下圣诞节假期 , 单独观看电影或假日假期阅读1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	特里·lundgren是macy的首席执行官 , 拥有macy和bloomingdales部门的公司 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 无论你会发生在一个类、会议、会议、会议或会议上 , 都会出现什么令人惊讶的情况 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们通常相信我们的能力来管理自己 , 但是我们不信任别人管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南部外交部长菲姆·布金赫·米赫星期一结束了会谈 , 生产力 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	调查你心中麻烦......跟着节奏.........动摇他们的头发一起......
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷铬矿床的运行和处理方法的关键点及其影响 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配调试器的标志 , 那么分部的无限性就会导致分割的结果 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨鼻喉管修复术治疗ktp激光肾炎的临床疗效 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	您有一个单个消息发动机 , 当您添加si总线的集群时 , 就会自动创建 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平板表面将阻挡风流 , 也会创建死水区 , 在它方形之前 , 将该区域陷入困扰 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国继续成为2008年全国各地亚洲寻求者的主要国家目的地 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何一些响应文本文档都可以有丰富的或平原的文本体领域应用到电子邮件消息中 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	穆里特里塔拥有教育的、高收入的人口比圣迪戈和橙色县的社区 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	这个面板是一个非投票者 , 但是即使fda的顾问板 , 不要投票还是被机构评论的 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在已形成10年的市场条件下 , 可以加入更多的公司 , 将建立行业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克逊说: " 你需要削减机构来使制度变化 , 协调预算解决 。 "
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者们学习了以前的检查 , 郭正已经订购了两条 " 五条 " 在植物作业建设中 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是香港的作者:指导者 , 查德勒burr的2003年书的皇帝 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、计划、设计和交付集成的服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供高品质的时尚产品的客户 , 为每一件事做好好工作 " 被用来一款qadir的风格 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr常见的离散工作方式 , gpr记录中有大量的水平相干噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 28岁的大脑产生了科林娜28岁的脑袋 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 非常享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	牺牲者是积极的人 , 他们有一个明亮的生命 , 是企业 , 充满能源和活力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	通常情况下 , 废物并没有或展示感染的内在危害 , 除了非常具体的病例外 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	但是 , 没有发生的事情 。 相反 , 阿拉伯格奥斯通过一次未期待和谐的继续演变 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨恶性动物病理模式下甲状腺酶的含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有的jcsss气体通过政府机构分析了重力标准气体的价值 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这种步骤是导致过去几十年前生物化学研究的最强烈的挫折 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每一名参赛者都坐在一条巾子上 , 把自己覆盖在钉子时 , 但只有在他们完全打破后才能完全 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	它为客户、伙伴、产品、经过数据仓库或联盟提供一个单一和完整的观点 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	一家公司可能有时会在销售损失的情况下 , 以迫使它的竞争力变成破产 , 然后主导市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常当使用git时 , 您可以假设您的存储库是位于内核的一个小的位置 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力 , 电话 , 保险和电缆账单自动从我们每个月的账户中获得 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图改变和废除中国不平等的条约 , 限制西方权力的特权 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我焦点着太阳的光线 , 甚至在冬天最寒冷的日子里 , 我就可以轻松地打火 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应采取适当的政策来确保这些西方企业的领导地位在技术创新中 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果上帝看到我们穿过他爱的儿子的眼睛 , 那么我们也应该从耶稣看到自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但是对于广泛的主导人 , 不同的意味着颜色和姿势丰富 , 多样性体现团结和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性的工业和非wowowowowowog包密切的经济特点 , 它的非wowog袋对工业发展产业的巨大影响 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本文总结了我国鲁徐的研究特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	营地的第一条规则是保持清洁的营地点 , 你不能留下任何熊可能认为是食物 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	这使得在一个城镇或湖下的石油存储量不能垂直地达到油沉积 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报告网络外部性是imcl的重要影响因素之一 , 并证明了网络外部性 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全由于新恐怖分子威胁 , 街道被关闭 , 警察行走 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为 , 在政治上看到一个动态女性 , " 34岁的莱okookamoto说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	法国航空工业将于2012年在巴黎附近的巴黎举办学习机场安装改进 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体将 " 本山文化 " 放入新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	因为高利率的利率往往导致美元的欣赏 , 他们可能做出更大的贸易赤字 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	电视、电视等现代设备广泛应用于广泛的电子管、电视等 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在安全的河流城镇 , 生活的步伐完全是对潮流的温和流动的主题 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	6月 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪手在奢侈品大陆酒店发起了死亡的袭击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果这个物体确实是飞行救护者 , 可能会有数百万美元的价值或数十亿美元 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动性与其电荷的平均尺寸相关 , 由于它的扭转和弯曲通过凝胶的平均尺寸 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	采用hplc法对我国新西紫癜植物的磷酸含量进行了研究 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	托马斯先生正在打电话 , 请等几分钟 , 你喜欢一些咖啡或茶 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两到三个创始人说 , 每个人都拥有x量的新co , 并将所有的ip与新科相关的ip相关的ip分配给新科 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过评价和分析现代油画现状的一些组成部分 , 我们可以合理地对中国现代油画的影响进行分析 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	当一般的讲话叫他们的特点 , 说: " 法国人 , 穿着别人的统一吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	用光声检测法对引起的激光辐射特性的影响进行了研究 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	识别了双图和xen图的超精度拒绝的贡献 , 得到了良好的认识 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 只有在阳光峰值记录 , 地方公园在保护下的国家公园 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	孩子的歌曲在孩子的教育中起着重要作用 , 不要被其他的诗歌替代 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	一个vivid照片 ! 就像图片描述一样 , 有很多事情或想要的人必须承受或寻找 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预测 , 中东继续不稳定性的报告可能会使价格推进到春天 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另一个因素intel提到:公司在后端建立的公司 , 以便采取所谓云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	根据运输统计数据的发展趋势 , 提出 " 运输账户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅学生 , 而且还有老师都被王丽清的消息承认青华大学的新闻启发 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准计划和未来的计划 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	基于投影分散规律的损伤模型 , 建立了动力学原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 槽 " 系统给你一些选择在表面上放置装饰物体 , 例如桌面和裙子上 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的船舶塔将由五个混合式塔从环形的体育馆开放出来 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	你可能回忆到2006年的大厅里 , 北京峰会举行中非合作论坛 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会与美国法官讲一起的机会 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意在左侧侧侧侧侧侧周围细胞形成内囊细胞的润滑细胞 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、红细胞变形指数、纤维素和plt降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的coreoslinux用户可以利用云平台来达到世界上最大的市场之一 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在服装行业中应用 , 服装mtm快速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	收集的个人数据将被严格的信心处理 , 并且只用来接收和其他通信 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个笔头都与一只帽子一起匹配 , 液体管被安排在笔记箱里 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从以上证明了mch人力供应的可生命方法是实用的 , 有效地预测mch人力供应的 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何在这个自由的慢性艺术家在这个自由的慢性艺术课程中提高如何改善如何 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛特还宣布了中国人力资源高级副总统克拉拉·冯的辞职 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于它的寒冷的微气候 , 格雷兹是一座城市 , 几乎是中世纪的火焰 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	因为你在你身体里面有所有这些germs , 你的身体想要把germs弄出来 , 所以你sneez 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这对于增加额外的信息来说 , 特别是在开发人员之间共享的地图来说 , 这是有用的 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某种方式中包含到你的网站 , 即使它只是在头部图像或作为吸引颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另一个现实是 , 如果美国不能扩大出口 , 压力将会增加进口 , 代替它的进口 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全性 , 不要触摸产品、测试电缆或其他仪器 , 在测试电路下使用电路 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	许多巴菲特的智慧从这里的投资特点来说:当你不知道怎么做 , 不要做任何事情 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己受伤 , 白人带上罗杰的药物问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	这种努力是不断的自我评价和自我提高他们的生产力 , 而且提高了他们的工作方式 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们肯定欢迎o项目满足不同客户的需求 , 保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一份报告说: " 托尼是非常好的和友好的 , 医院的拘留是防止他的病情 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 伦敦只有几十个武装机器 , 但是到了1990年代 , 大约有百多次 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们也在世界大战二战结束的时候展示了我一幅墨尔曼斯克的图片 , 这是一幅航空照片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在昨天早上训练的志愿者的控制组中 , 晚上没有睡觉 , 没有睡觉 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国的朋友们对他们的努力停止暴力 , 工作中遇到麻烦的青少年的关注 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布您的web内容的web内容 , 并为自己保持您的原始源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克、卡特里娜和华尔街崩溃的战争是雷根时代的三条钉子 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	第一次获得了一次大笑 , 但热情在第一次听证之后 , 热情却在几次听证之后 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	从那个肮脏堆底部的重新发现 , 它能看到光 , 仍然在好的状态 , 它是这样的救济 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我的父亲是中心 , 我的母亲正向前离开我的妹妹是正确的防卫 , 我的兄弟正向前离开 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	看看我们一起做的事情 , 意识到我们是一部没有平等的故事的故事 , 正在忘记的故事 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	愤怒与自己一起 , 奥巴旺飞行速度飞往多乌的维拉 , 在最大速度上 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容 , 可以实现国家标准 , 这是我们的请求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨已经组装了一个国际联盟政府 , 并声称新选举将在未来几个月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	战争的记忆经常是这样的70周年纪念的学习阶段可能看起来不明显 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	如果你在这里有三个人 , 所以祝贺你 , 你已经成为一行的学习女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	双阳 , 火烧了你在一个不可避免的位置 , 很快就挖出水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	哈特福德南部的一个小型社区20英里的哈特福德南部 , 是康纳州中场的一部分 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将再次成为星期五 , 但这将是九点钟 , 他会在这里 , 所以我认为这里会是很多有趣的 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们并不确定普通木材谷地方独特的 " 稳定 " , 但这是纯粹的主观性 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的重构性是指法律建设的新建设可以应用于过去事件和行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢下去 , 想你的注意力 , 你会同意在浏览web时会回答电子邮件 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数的抗议者都说是在首都mbane , 而且不能去曼子 , 一个45分钟的驱动车离开 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上在剧院里花了 , 这个球员告诉了水电坝的游泳建筑的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢在低键的情况下使用这个策略 , 比如杂货店、咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	跟着小山记者告诉记者 , 他每天早上5点时 , 第一件事就是帮助母亲理解厕所 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 他在内部国家拥有强大的出现 , 与当地卫生官员工作肩膀 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	阿杜:那部电影猫甚至在帽子里展示了我们的立法者在电视上战斗 。 谢什 !
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	这些基因组中有很多变异 , 有些人拥有数百万的基因组 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	" 生活的低成本和大纺织品 , 巴赫尔人肯定在这个城市找到爱情 ! " 租借.com说 。
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	权力拓扑相信开放性是资源集成者必须拥有的最重要的质量 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	粉末形式的真菌发明应存储在冰箱里 , 保护防止暴露光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	采用风吹煤设备和煤颗粒筛选装置 , 提供了半漂浮层燃烧炉 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fgets、fgets、fscanf和fclose函数也返回错误的错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳定的视觉信息处理部分 , 一个稳定的视觉信息处理部分和动机驱动部分 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流体分析对代谢工程中的遗传操作具有重要意义 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 需要的近似化 , 模拟火灾 , 过去计算中存在的可吸引性 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	在这个数据库中显示所有列表列表的列表 , 具有独特的单列索引 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地球物理学家都知道 , 地质物理学是一种广泛应用的数值方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约纽约市盈利的迹象导致股市周二早期收益 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定国有股份所有代表的工作计划 , 制定国有股份和联合股份公司的工作计划 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:在刺激70h和康a的70h后 , 采用tbet猪成功地克隆了淋巴细胞 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种牵引修复床 , 采用可倾斜的前一段可倾斜的截面 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	另外 , 还有一只头发 , 单位表面区域不超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一个runaway河 , 我们正等着pew.q3721.ople的双方 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈学院提供特殊的第一次推广 , 有时候允许新闻在10美元内采取课程 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评价厚纺织皮肤移植的神经伤口表面的感官恢复 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前 , 矿业企业的有效税收率低于非矿业企业的1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数社会昆虫中 , 比如洗衣、蜂蜜和蚂蚁 , 女性规则 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	采用模拟和实验研究了低压系统短路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	插入到表中之后 , 数据库返回了id列的id列值 , 只插入行的id列 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义都有其独特的创意思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	通过对夏季和冬季提到的方法 , 得出了降低能量消耗的结论 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论无耐药性r.flavipectus检测 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	孟时代女士开始了一个关键的问题 , " 他做过这批制造商做得很多 , 很大 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆'spike'wiwicky:绅士...让我向朋友介绍你:优秀的主人 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	元兴北部位置 , 台山顶部 , 是一座温度的大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	除例例外的环境外 , 可以允许客户重新调用或修改相关指令订单 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常环境 , 胆固醇之间的宏观 , 非常薄的组织保护 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	拥有各种设计方式的专业设计师 , 创建多年的建设团队经验 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 对于拉伯达的真正优势是当你在飞行上创建功能的时候 , 没有变量参考 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	寻找人民、老朋友和亲戚的搜索工具 , 包括41页白色 " 页面 " 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这种设计 , 双臂风格的变异 , 就像轻的一样 , 法国短暂 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 如果你本周做了100磅的话 , 那么下周你应该试图做105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	好的 , 古代人民的宇宙观念广泛 , 你可能是熟悉的 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	产品具有高产量和质量化的质量 , 可离开正常pectin生产的分离过程 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论提高原发性介质ctct诊断精度的关键是定位肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有的操作描述都在手上和修正下 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法来解决无线性测量功能的非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	印度 , 是建设大型煤炭电厂的公司 , 是气候污染者的主要气候污染物 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你已经覆盖了诱导 , 查看meller的方法来引导我最后一次很简单地提到它 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农民种植了他从市场上买的种子 , 秋天来到没有收获 , 因为种子是假的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	该公司的总体收益率为36.3% , 从今年一季的34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	186例肝移植性肝移植患者接受irolimus , 4个发育的肺炎属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	" 父母意味着成熟足以帮助孩子适应失望 , " achenbach说 。
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外界事件从贷款compleone过程的监测模式发送了这个介质值 , 到高层监测器模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天比日本的日本规则更加严重 , 它的坚持者意味着 , 哪些差异更为脆弱 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的纪念仪式与周和路的祭祀时代相比 , 祭祀地点 , 祭祀地点等 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至发现烟雾吸烟不仅是吸烟者 , 而且还是吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	前言:目的:总结山南方教授临床经验在胸部qi治疗阻塞的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	研究材料的没有发现适合用于阻抗雷达吸收器的抗击性能 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了太阳能热单元用于铝合金支持的电泳涂料过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感官效果和其他温暖的饮料 , 比如茶或coa , 可以提高你的精神 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨血管病变和二次异常j波的临床及电图特点 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:研究米拉比利斯jalapa的发芽特征 , 通过吸收它们的宿舍种子来研究其发芽特征 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多叶垂直切割机的应用范围及其应用范围 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆柱容器具有广泛的口袋 , 易填充 , 方便地访问内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	千年和中央规模的快速气候变化是分配研究中最重要的方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	应用lien和交流范围的普遍问题是公共安全器官过多的广泛应用 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国在远北地区的一座四星块 , 由气球平原打击 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这个问题 , 我们已经通过单个hsc进行一系列的组织重构研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	作为目前卫生公司 , 巴萨克&lomb为世界各地消费者提供了完善的视觉和提高生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助药品企业顾客解决问题 , 人类健康追求是我们的乐观理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街头骨骼线和建筑骨骼线的块通用化的新方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	另一端光谱是苏明 , 来自北京大学农民和研究 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大公司已经开始雇用西方人 , 在美国和欧洲最佳设施的经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到我们自己的经历中世界的真理 , 以确认佛教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为了实现控制算法 , 本文利用plc , 设计了pd控制和模糊控制的程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	几天的破产被宣布为伊德阿拉哈的宗教节日 , 开始于17年11月17日 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以在我们的网站上提交自己的想法或评论自己的概念 , 或者你可以发送一封信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个体互相增加舒适 , 你会看到更多的头尖倾斜 , 因此更加暴露颈部 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	其他青年党在支持中享受了记录 , 因为投票人抛弃了传统的诉讼 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论碳单氧化碳的复杂性高氧化碳毒物复杂率高 , 变形率低 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为球员 , 丹佛nuggets教练乔治·卡尔被纳入了一个仪式的仪式 , 他在他的球队上传到了他的团队 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼被加入omega3和蛋白质 , 但它们还包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个爷爷里采取的骄傲 , 或者对那些人来说 , 就开始对我愤怒和生长的影响 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了使用清单1中示的xslt任务生成的检查风格报告的示例 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	新泽西的一个社区 , 新布鲁斯威克郊区 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	本方法可通过单评价方法进行限制 , 满足精确评价效果的需求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升 , 温暖空气形成明显的空气云 , 可见的卫星和模型图像 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	瓶子的差异是一个特殊的小型补丁 , 帮助您执行专注的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	附近的穆特特拉赫拥有一个令人魅力的地中海风格的水面和哈尔伯尔现在主要用来使用 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持这三个命令vmde部署mgr.sh的选项 , 提供了vdm的主要应用 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券都是标记的市场 , 但是这个新加坡仍然允许证券在历史成本上运行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想制定国家公共服务员的财产透明 , 我们应该建立并消费系统 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbs论坛作为他们的工具获得消息和沟通的工具 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子花了不错的好意志 , 直到她的声音增长了shrill 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你正处在一块巨头的时候 , 周期列表不像在刹车下骑行一样 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	布朗克斯动物园是不可思议的 , 很棒的 , 非常好的领域 , 用那么多的看到和做 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是为什么需要交叉技术混合ui组件 ? 韦恩解释了一些使用cass的用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 基于jw1h医院信息系统设计并开发军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	同时加强发展中国家的能力 , 为自己的利益管理他们的森林信息基地 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小规模化学运行并从美国铜矿中污染 , 科罗拉多证明了灾难 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	该病人和41名乘客在周四从墨西哥到达上海的乘客 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果需要准确的tc是在一个mgal水平时 , 必须采取几乎的内部区域效应 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一个重型工程 , 高型煤炭焦氧涂料 , 用于合并服务的保护钢和混凝土的保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	" 民法制度 " 的文化从自由资本主义转变到垄断资本主义 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	任何这些位置或风格的用户都需要登录 , 可以找到不会破坏或错误的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	研究了肝重和体重、tg、tg、tdlc、hdlc、ldlc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已达到世界标准 , " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	耶稣问他们 , " 圣巴上有哪种法律 , 要做好恶魔 , 救生还是杀死呢 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一个19岁的工人马湘建的身体在4:30岁的高层门前发现了他的身体 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你也许还记得 , 媒体被称为 " 附近的magoo " 和 " 哈勃 " 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但在爱丁堡大学毕业后 , 他的自然历史比医学更有兴趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	问 , 我的青少年参与了如此多的活动:学校、婴儿坐、教会、体育活动 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	另外一个人说:这里剩下的选举也许是字符或是什么样的 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	洛斯说 , 研究结果显示了解体重、身体脂肪和疾病之间的关系的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户保持他们的网站朋友列表 , 并且看别人添加了朋友的名单 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家们谈论工资平等 , 但我父亲在整个职业生涯中做了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 中国三英寸的黄金莲和西方的珊瑚也有这样的美丽时尚 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候苹果在意大利销售iphoneiphone 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 这个概念是用你不能得到的东西来存储你的裤子 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维多·弗莱斯切尔的基本预言 , 携带利益是管理其他人钱的费用 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的战斗实验中 , 得到直接闪光技术能够满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	两间客房里有1500w分离的墙型空调 , 可以调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个捕捉图片来绘制眼睛和覆盖这些奇怪的线条 , 通过给出一个令人惊讶的想法来表现出一种奇怪的思想 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 , 请不要预期完美的 , 每当我做床的时候 , 画一张照片 , 或者扔球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	在过去五年里 , 慢性发现 , 他们的媒体增加 , 调整通货膨胀 , 达到19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法采用改性的trapesa检测2780细胞的结核酶活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做许多选择 , 但是如果你想要做什么 , 咨询ocapri项目wki页面 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一名新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我将尽快与这个团队合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	艾米丽·迪金森住在一个名叫 " 家庭 " 的高房子里 , 她的姐拉文尼亚 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我站在整个晚上 , 挥着硬板来保持蚊子 , 就像护卫一样 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始思考这些问题在你在冥想中做什么时候 , 他们使它更加稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而在实践中 , 我们看到政府官员属于最严格的犯罪和 " 法律 " 专业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书长 , 我们从时间里出来 ! 你必须向卡路设备给予恩斯加斯 , 并从城市提取了它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们已经在一系列港口建立了 , 每个人都独特的目的是 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇到了她未来的丈夫陈娜ult , 他是中国主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了移动的目标外 , 它需要提高那些没有目标的人 , 除了移动的目标外 , 还需要向前移动 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这实际上我认为 , 从希腊语中产生的话 , " synkope " synkope , synkope , synkope 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的效果是城市收入的侵蚀 , 因为这样的税收继续缩短 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在m1可能是莫托格普最好的自行车 , 雅马哈有很棒的骑手 , 所以看起来像他们不需要我一样 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的快乐 , 他带来了我的生活 , 因为每个梦想都是真的 , 因为我在他里找到的所有爱情 , 我永远会感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑蚂蚁获得了几年的工作经验 , 合作&w设计特殊的商业计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑大机械远程测试的相同特点 , 该系统可用于其他大机械测试过程中使用 , 并找到变形应用程序 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最流行的接收方式应用程序之一是其28 , 000个接收方式来自gourmet和bon的饮食 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	全球经济增长的增长越来越慢 , 在19年前的26个国家的26个国家 , 报道了4月的数据 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统主义者把他们的手带到 " 价值 " 和 " 整个行业的示威化 " 的手里 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	你的细胞制备转移rna , 如果他们在这里做了一个转移rna分子 , 他们只能在另一端放置leucucine 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	水含量、水饱和赤字、自由水、边界水和细胞sap浓度均与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	这两个主要的攻击 , 一个在拉霍尔和其他地方 , 杀死了100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	这似乎没有明显的法律 , 花色与总黄酮含量的差异 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	在1996年的大风格中 , 1996年的年度报告是由espresso地面创造的纺织咖啡色的纸制成的 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家 , 我轻松的步骤 , 穿沙子 , 心里 , " 波普斯 , " 唱歌 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 今天晚上我不会喝酒 , 因为我是指定的司机 , 只要给我的酒杯给我设计的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 讨论了不同多硅烷的研究难点 , 并提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	本文介绍了 " 301船 " 的全尺度测试结果 , 或没有流量坦克或海洋的 " 海关 " 的全尺度测试结果 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 还有其他火山网站 , 比如mttetna和中国火山 , 这可能适合研究人员的模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	熊猫立即送出最好的萨普郡、垃圾和钻石的订单 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会被压力放下来 , 正允许自己的一些娱乐活动像电影和舞蹈一样 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友环境中 , 工作选择的问题是最可能从政府中提高他们的投票 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人已达成共识 , 坚持联合发展的总体方向 , 加快咨询 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这对阿森·罗本和乔·科尔来说很糟糕的消息 , 我正在努力看看他们如何在团队获得正常的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在家里保持设施安全 , 水 , 享受舒适的水 , 下午4点钟 , 因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 元明石的文本研究在理想的世界中 , 红色的管理梦想持着少量的水 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这通过消除 , 或制造 , 通过消除单点失败 , 来消除计划和未完成的下滑时间 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能继续恢复 , 左臂仍然保持固定 , 而左手腕的柔性esto启动拉力 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨血管素i型受体在高氧诱导慢性肺疾病中的表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册查找表的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	本合同的任何修改应当被买方签署 , 卖方签署的添加方式 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	高速计算中心空间科学院为学生和教育提供高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	经过1960年10月获得了许可切西斯科学的学位后 , 我进入了我们的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	gpo的美国政府发布的目录是联邦发布的可搜索数据库 , 链接到这些可用的网上 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	在2006年至2010年之间 , 美国p图片并没有获得一个专利 , 任何中国的五家公司从10家公司中获得了五家专利 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管预期制定方向 , 但赵伟也强调表现工作没有意味着剩余的手段 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈伊克和罗宾斯强调了关于私人水果的关键主义 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是一项关注欧盟的最大关注 , 运动着重要的影响 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由其大小限制的病毒使用重叠阅读框架来生成蛋白的完整补充 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二维是 , 你需要更多的财政刺激 , 在这个国家可以加强它的国家 , 这是前载的 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁 , 用柠檬汁洗净脸 , 你也可以在黑头上洗出来 , 把它们抽出来 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:探讨三阳三阴经典治疗的经典性胆道疾病的综合性鉴别 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	室内选择不可燃烧和爆炸物质 , 室内吸收防火工具 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	扩展功能自动定位所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 用于监测和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内外 , 我们的客户包括宝钢、手钢、橙钢、姜钢等大铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘书服务估计每年有1亿美元的反馈美元每年印刷 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	教师在道兴志思想中的专业道德:历史和实践 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文应用于异步电动机的参数识别中 , 采用自组织神经网络 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立高效液相色谱法和ketot芬纳米喷雾的同时测定方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防御建立的 , 中国已经破坏了f17的秘密 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近一项调查 , 大约78.9%的大学生希望进一步进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼经常被描述为人类邪恶的骚扰 , 是莫莫塔罗的一半的司法 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	采用光敏聚合物 , 实现了高温比 , 利用光敏聚合物 , 实现了高温比 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的金融状况尤其糟糕 , 半人说他们的债务不能节省 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 查理的天使 , 爱船 , 王朝 , 永远希望90210和梅尔罗斯地方 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	联合国艾滋病/艾滋病协会已经建立了一项委员会 , 并对亚洲和太平洋发展的影响进行了研究 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	作为罗森布莱特笔记 , 黑写的批评常被作为黑色历史的前提 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	你应该提醒你将会议出席任何关于这个会议的相关事件 , 除非你提供正确的和完整的信息 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	它的拳击工程师托马斯·塞克尔本周第一次飞行 , 本周上午30秒 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	在我深浅的知识中 , 缺乏实践经验 , 希望读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	对于我来说 , 地球的心是这个无眠的春天晚上 , 希望这个早晨在特别的冥想中 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 移民不应该被那么严格的处理 , " 一位渴望的父母说 , " 他们对我们来说是如此令人震惊的 。
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了影片的动画特征 , 展示了动画研究室的手机展览 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰的第三条路或中途路 , 从火基础上分离火焰 , 火焰从那点分离出来 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	夜晚 , 悄悄地进入西方 , 忽视地球的细微或 , 几个阴影的激光在边缘的想象 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她在她右边的银牌上 , 马的第一个直觉是逃脱危险的 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于二次结晶的发生 , 由于二次结晶的发生 , 转换辊表可以产生比较完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx移动数据源的数据源记录和数据源的字段数据成员之间的数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	利用肥料制备水稻产量稳定性高 , 协调氮供应和氮需求的平衡 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 每一张新女王蜜蜂都带领了补贴 , 然后 , 看看下面几乎没有蜂蜜的数字 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开营 , 他的船员重建道路或吹风桥 , 吉尔伯特等着回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	结果表明 , 采用多样性热处理方法是实现相关转子锻造位置的不同性能的一种新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷和吸引颜色可以更新药品包装 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自从那以来 , 父亲在6月第三日在全国的家庭认识到他们的家庭 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么很多人在面前用微波饭后 , 我们为什么很多人都会把自己放下来 , 因为它便捷吗 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是用简单的包装结构平原的文本 , 许多通道可以交换json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	紧急车辆的驾驶员和员工 , 不能放弃他们的邮件 , 死在那里他们停止给援助和援助 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	凯文·鲁德昨晚与澳大利亚的选民举行了一张照片 , 让他们和他们一起前进 , 并为国家提出了新的未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了丁丁烯的oliadiene的反应机制及反应产品利用现状 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始仔细看看 , 我们的野花就像我们在花园里培养的任何东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这个著名的绘画是澳大利亚文档岩石艺术的数千人之一 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生命时间短......永远享受生活的权利 , 享受美好的事情 , 包括这小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	酒红酒、红葡萄酒官方网站帕尼亚汤、酒、帕尼亚汤、帕尼亚汤等效果有效 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 绍兴鸭年龄和饮食cp水平明显影响了cp的保留率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城镇的新风俗收藏显示很多文件夹 , 但也有实际的事情 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音乐、光、音乐和技术展览会每年五月举行的ceta展览会 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 可以在电影生长过程中提高膜厚度的dping水平 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与对照组相比 , 颈动脉和颈动脉的区域显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	本文总结了vsam文件的结构、数据空间、目录、数据保护、vsam的数据和功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法采用308例nm激光治疗79例稳定性恶性患者的358例病变 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	第二代农民工 " 公民化 " 的平滑进展提出了相关建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些喜欢机构服务的人享受短距离、低成本、管理或监督政府的机构的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡储层岩体力学性能的影响进行了评价 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署的最小磁盘或ram需求的机器 , 那么它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法将患者分为不同组 , 将所有患者的肾色多普勒能量成像检查 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃没有情绪到林凯的笑容 , 总是用刘乾慧的性感场景来吸引醉酒 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 怀孕期间的抗抑郁药物含有60%或更多的复发风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果动物动物研究中 , 肺动物能抑制稳定性葡萄糖、巴克里斯肠杆菌和巴克里斯肠杆菌的生长 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当有建筑时 , 他们通常缺乏泥土或adobe的结构 , 不要生存雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转移点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示了不控制移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	同时提出了一种基于cpld的基于cpld的基于控制器 , 并提出了两个amplude的合理的dclinkter 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一个刑事抱怨莫洛沙亚在她的时候 , 就像银行员工一样 , 她的银行雇员一样在福尔哥举行了大量资金 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他的民事服务员通常会参与在职业培训不少于每年积累的12天的职业培训 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化剂活性炭脱硫装置 , 用于净化污水泵站的臭气 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonams地理数据库可用于创建性共同属性许可下载免费的电荷 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯特莱托也被称为黄金购买的几个不同的传奇与其开始和意义相关的传奇相关 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种低电压装置空白部分布局优化的粒子扫描优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这听起来并不对 。 " 最后 , 瓦斯告诉我 , 我受到ptsd的伤害 , 后面压力障碍 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺院里 , 他发现男子卖牛、羊和狗 , 其他人坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	摩擦的vbelt等效系数表明 , vbelt的承载能力高于平面带 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子通常在同一晚上都有夜误 , 通常在睡眠的几小时之后 , 一般有时候在睡眠之后 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算每年每年节省的增加成本 , 用于高风险个人和高风险个人 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可以使用基于gui的管理工具来修改包装器的基于特定环境的容器 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可是一种营养草药 , 许可证的表现正在推出phlegm和逮捕咳嗽 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo咨询业务外包服务提供各种服务 , 在招聘期间 , 为客户提供各种特殊的服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去五十年或一百年的民族主义已成为文学知识分子的常见现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	用碘作为催化剂合成了丁醛和甘油 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文研究了基于游戏的界面自动化、时间接口自动化、资源界面和基于游戏的思想 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	像9/11恐怖分子攻击的悲剧事件 , 也倾向于在儿童记忆中搜索 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 恒星半学习的启动是多维学术和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏人物会在实现教学对象和教学任务方面发挥重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	那么 , 由自由民主党引入的改革 , 重建日本长期经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	世界上先进液态氮卡车已应用于石油生产中 , 1994年进口了良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我的奇怪的添加特点 , 穿着像婴儿、收集死亡事物的人 , 并且在漂亮的洗澡中完全保持浴缸 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯沃布顿说 , 该机构计划显示 , 成员正在开发可持续食品生产的领先作用 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	路透再次救了埃瓦桑 , 围绕医生 , 他的巨大形态 , 从洞穴墙上下降 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在我们还可以检索我们的网格工作的一部分是我们自己的 , 只有能量 , 重新在那里的洞穴和空间 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于那些曾经坚持烹饪和苏达的人来说 , 路到全谷 , 偶尔是蔬菜生命开始了这个步骤 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgfgfagas晶体生长过程中的 " 接口效应 " 及其发生率 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留他们的电话号码 , 包括区域代码 , 当他们从州移到州时 , 所以很难知道他们在哪里 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法对11例血动力学监测患者进行对照研究 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本文的目的是对本地区建立的研究模式进行一些有益的研究 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	商业首先 , 随着国王理查德说 , 当他在塔子里呆着另一个王的时候 , 他吸烟了孩子 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	由于其特殊的技术 , 广泛应用于微传感器领域的微传感器及其制备技术 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来如果安全装置在这场活动中 , 没有任何事情会保护他们在利物浦的失败 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图片来自墨西哥 , 美国宇航局发现的任务 , 以实现最多行星的第一个轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我前老师告诉我 , 作为英语主要的教师 , 我应该读大芭芭芭拉 , 其中之一是g.b.haw的主要演员 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘的作品显示了中国现代化的中国现代化中国人民的现代化 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三棵宝宝 , 他在天外面走出珍珠的门外 , 他决定检查他的纪念品 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸脸颊 , 嘴唇 , 胸部 , 腿 , 双腿感觉着伴侣的手沿着他们的背部 , 大腿或胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	利用区域气候模型研究了我国旱地区的地区气候反应和土地覆盖变化 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	通过选择蛋白质的生物功能 , 其中选择蛋白p是10个细胞素的特殊异性异构成 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , 水源水中chci3和ccl4的浓度比来源水更高 , 尤其是ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	此外 , 应该有一些巨大的炸弹场景 , 可以提供动作和破坏时刻的时刻 , 所以这可能是有趣的和直觉的 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在达到山顶 , 然后将落后 , 公共汽车的右侧面临着不可信的悬崖 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想成为我员工的公平 , " 玛丽·艾伦娅解释说 , 希尔斯伯爵的超级代表 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍相关或非相关设施如评论位置、观察器座位、相机位置等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	科学通信者已被全球广泛应用 , 以发展涉及科学进展的公共决策的策略 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦克带领了72%的人们报道说他们正在发动 , 而美国在12月12日出现 , 占59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨了这些考虑并探讨空气或冷却系统如何优化您的mig或tig焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	它们之间有一些差异 , 温度的变化与过渡性相比 , 但它们丰富并共同发展文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖于1963年开始了视觉效应分类 , 虽然它被称为 " 特殊效应 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入海豹理查德 " 马克 " 机器 , 在搜索最终武器的野生骑行中 , 搜索全球最终的武器 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸 , 看起来他一直在等着电话 , 然后把地址很有效地给我 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	把重伤害交给你的目标超过9秒 , 大大减少他们的armor , 只有从侧或后面使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的马拉里亚控制部门 , 与国际研究团队一起工作 , 已经监测了该干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部部署 , 其自我管理 , 自愈能力减小人类干预的需要 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pd港已经提交了美国102亿进口中心在teesport使用主要英国零售商开发的美国进口中心 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 潮湿 , 无点小 , 冰冻的王子 , 蓝神经节 , 舞蹈大三角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地分散法使农民更容易购买大型公共领域的未开发土地 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在回答一个模式中 , 您可以设置预定的数字 , 并在手机应该自动解答之后选择环数 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	全球800多个地方大约有2000名员工提供技术、系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	下次你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能在身体出生之前来到哪里 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析人士说 , 中国 , 总的来说 , 中国将把它的行业融入公司 , 与时代战争者和维拉克公司一样 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果rac节点停止工作 , oracle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到oracrac清洁和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在通知的过去 , 一个发展中国家倾向被视为一个缺乏现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdgpet延迟图像在腹部恶性神经瘤诊断中的应用价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	本文分析了夏季马洛多污染的特点 , 并提出相应的操作措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:采用磷酸和伯丁水氯化合物测定复合物的颜色对称方法 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	四川人民国会委员会的责任是由于怀疑英国的嫌疑而减轻的 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	这句话以前的政治顾问提出 , 叫政府放松政策的建议 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	白领的原因是他们在职业生涯中追求工作成果的原因 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 这个地震发生了 , 我觉得 , 卡马 ? 当你没有那么好的事情发生在你身上 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当编码的时候 , 这个集体知识使软件模式和作为反模式有价值扩展到软件模式和分类 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文总结了磁性聚合物微球的最新成果及应用 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象一样的粉尘柱向热蓝色恒星点 , 是他们的气候效应的标志 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但非常老的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf的实现 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.o.box地址 , 接收者的电话号必须包含标签 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要的研究 , 为了做出最终决定我们需要多长时间继续抗板治疗的决定 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论什么原因 , 我倾向认为他作为一个低文件 " 中文 " , 但是他的出版历史相信这张图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉前等于英格兰国家运动队的目标 , 这次他对阵英格兰 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿子的父母是非常犹豫的 , 让一个最老的儿子立即安排工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能量中心位于人类神经系统的主要分支 , 从西班牙的基础到头顶 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	当决定一个特定的业务动机发言人来规则并指导你的团队时 , 你必须相信你的本能 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	一个新的连接网站的初始版本 , 临床和翻译科学网络将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破裂是影响粗粒材料湿润变形的重要因素 , 更好的研究是必要的 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了三维扫描仪的工作原理 , 并介绍了atos光学扫描仪的系统校准 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织发送检察人员 , 调查结果尚未公布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名签名权有个人权的属性 , 涉及地位权利 , 财产权利和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文对其物理、化学、生物学性能及免疫化学检测方法进行了研究 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	马克萨瑟将军描述为 " 太平洋的最强贡献的因素之一 " 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	然而 , 这个团队结论 , 这些异常由泥浆流入裂纹后的冲击而创建 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	与此同样 , 死亡必须是坟墓 , 不要双重的 , 不要给许多酒 , 不要吃过多的葡萄酒 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva1799的两种尺寸混合物 , 并对解决方案系统的稳定性进行了分析 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	本发明提供了一种多效蒸发器 , 将二部分水分离成浓缩的浓缩汁 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	1974年夏天 , 福建省泉州湾的古河流被挖掘 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	要说旅行是奢侈的 , 而且不必要的化石燃料生成是一个过度简化的 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是在垂直位置.149.9 , 但我想测量的不确定性可能是1毫米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文对农业研究机构内部会计控制的现状进行了分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃在日常环境中显示化学插入 , 并没有与生活事物反应 , 所以它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	第一步实现了方胺的总合成 , 总产量超过14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果在一所大学注册人也在采取课程 , 他或她可能会扮演学生和注册者的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	sgfothills过度rust模型合成数据的迁移结果表明 , 该方法在高成像精度上具有较高的成像精度 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农产品的充足供应 , 并通过多渠道增加农民的收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解外肺结核性肿瘤的细菌培养、细菌类型及药敏感性 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	分析了整体结构的主要因素 , 简化、责任、视觉化等因素 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	在混合其他基本的油或合物的合成剂时 , 某些基本油的协同性 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏元素可以稍后提高渲染 , 使你更容易跟踪 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	这个例子呈现了图形、信心水平和不确定的高斯统一的限制 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	沥青矿井管变形特征集中在滚动区壁厚度的变形和壁厚度增加的变形 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 没有私营部门的历史 , 还没有在官方历史的官方历史书中 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	21世纪是印度社会 , 印度安全是我国安全战略的一部分之一 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨粉的粒子尺寸及tac量对密度和粒子尺寸的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种稳定性葡萄糖耐药率相似 , 药物耐药率为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了隐形巡航导弹的目标特点、目标特点及检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频彩色多普勒超声对儿童肺动脉造影的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三条规则在数控复杂程序和仿真过程中进行了数值控制复杂的组成 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨双维离子室阵列在加速器日常质量保证中的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育道德创新是教育环境中的一个研究模式或方法 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已成为一个常见的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们愿意与一个生命长的性传播疾病或贫困卫生的人一起约会 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	利用基于p波粒子振动的坐标旋转 , 实现了不同深度的源组分 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热垫是数字化的 , 通常是灵活的 , 不要从电力来源工作 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 庄子 " 是张州的战国时期 , 这是道教的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他化合物或治疗浓度没有明显的吸引力或反应性的成年人 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	明显的原因 , 这个科学家叫摄影公司 , 订购了 " 缺陷 " 电影的替代 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来10天 , 由于大量客户订单 , 我将在chq上做过时间 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他将要求国会增加援助巴基斯坦 , 但他回到巴基斯坦 , 希望巴基斯坦能够采取安全的任务 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期和智慧地使用mmmms , 我可能永远不会有另一个冷、支气管炎、流感或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	也许 , 当他们打青少年时 , 他们会有一些背景 , 但是至少他们还有大多数的生命来同样的信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse允许您自动生成您的hah代码和等于类的方法 , 这样你不必做它 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	架构师确定应用程序或服务来实现的用例 , 需要构建或扩展的情况 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们应该宁愿地认识到我们的语言的猜测精神在我身上的 " 理解 " 之上 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	因为微流比长期运行过程更好 , 如果可能的话 , 使用一个微流来实现代理流程 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 这种状态不会被其熟悉的角色作为一个严格适应典型的奥运耳朵的成分 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月111日 , 金正日检查了康吉农场的新建农场 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	新研究人员说 , 红色猴子将是最威胁的主要原因之一 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	在你的游戏中 , 激励参与是选择的 , 来参与你们的东西 , 玩完全 , 享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有好的时间 , 你不应该问你在采访结束时如何做的采访 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	美国零售主要沃尔玛已经从2008年开始规定 , 全球各地的冰冻者都会与led相关 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者指出 , 随机化、安慰剂控制试验需要确认该观察研究的发现 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你不知道比我做的更多的不错 , 因为我读了同一本书 , 听到同样的故事 , 我从来没有看到过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p球员几乎完成了银行做的一切事情 , 标准产品 , 评估借款者 , 写下和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售的情况下 , 该项目需要从建筑的一端到另一端的线性运动到移动人们的设备 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	茶在唐代的原始 , 由于中国西南地区的杨子河通过数千年的长江传播 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	在办公室的长一天之后 , 你可能会在你新平台屏幕电视台前倒塌 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	印度 , 8.6%的女孩年龄在15岁至19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在尼泊尔 , 这个数字高达10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事考虑凯特的生命作为摄影师和访问者 , 以及成为党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都可以让你笑 , 很多人都可以哭泣 , 但是它需要一些人真正特别的让你笑着眼睛的泪水 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海军和狗处理器迈克·迈克在采访中说: " 只要狗跟处理器一样 , 他爱上了生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	他还在迪斯尼的时候 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑白色短缺的弗兰克文尼 , 大约一个男孩回到他的死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	专家认为 , 几年来 , 美国已经在技术上投资了汽车 , 以使汽车变得更加脆弱 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	那些担心失去工作的人做的事情 , 让他们从饮用更少的饮用 , 减少风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	男子补充说: " 在中央扎利坦的一个大型混凝土建筑中 , 他们都有一个密切的观察 。 "
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	嗨弗兰克如果你必须释放一个单独的东西 , 就会用大量的东西来做一件事情呢 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	但是 , 当它来到学生困境比例时 , 他们的排名下降了 , 清华22分 , 23分钟就在新华举行 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速和准确预测弹性寿命的新方法 , 并提出了最小实验和成本的弹性寿命的预测方法 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	还检查你的手机或pda , 您永远不会错过你的计划在你的口袋里或追求时的时间 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏格山纳说 , 今年1月 , " 基亚克价格是全球第五大交通源头 。
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们想要4000个朋友到我们的账户只有希腊 , 谁主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	相信透明度的人有内在的价值 , 或者它应该是规范 , 最初可能与此方法有困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	在输入数据中 , 您可以使用这个技术 , 将输入阵列分离成两个或更小的基于标准的数组 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼斯工业指数上涨178.08点 , 或1.53% , 11 , 836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	它是一个步骤 , 程序上来自大型模型 , 至少需要一些产品需求的概念 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	用大豆粉或饮食纤维加入大豆粉或饮食纤维 , 制备高品质的蒸汽面包 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	化学家jeanbaptiste杜马斯 , 法国农业部长 , 被控停止流行病 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李斯科特 , 沃尔玛的老板 , 世界上最大的零售商 , 被说是为了改善他的供应链的伟大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	以色列继续在加沙周围的地面部队准备地面攻击 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	旅游者走到海滩 , 他们去拉缪岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫巴萨 , 他们坐着喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	sife是一个孵化器 , 养育一个爱心 , 养生自信 , 制造许多年轻的小组可以做得好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是理由的惩罚 , 没有疑问 , 但一个人必须认识到原因的惩罚 , 然后把一只帽子赶到他身上 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更严格的是在冷轧后的织物 , 品质改善 , 作为新客户的优良和用户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	利用喷射器空间望远镜拍摄的图片 , 科学家首先从明星和星系中删除光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设置自己的目标 , 她将学会在自己身上获得骄傲 , 依靠别人的批准或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥斯匹亚的岛屿在沙滩上 , 以及供应储备的重要性 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这只鸟的其他名字是塞莱贝斯帝国的鸽子 , 庆祝绿色的帝国鸽子和绿色的帝国鸽子 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持清洁 , 清洁 , 伪装 , 但绝对关注特定顾客的利益 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	股市流动或国家产品的大规模现象的经济理论主要内容 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活让自己从压力的活动中突破自己的活动 , 就像任何的放松工具一样 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	在最后一次我们看到的完全弹性碰撞的情况下 , 我们失去了动力能量 , 这将转换为热量 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	另外 , 体育可能是购买绿带的土地 , 并且没有知识管理系统的知识 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙语是我们所称的 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它是基于拉丁、古罗马帝国语言的 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果公司允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 并且在民主零售售额为12.99美元 , 并下面表示 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们不想被摄影的名人 , 是那些秘密的注意力的假说 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了基于预防多频测试eddy电流技术的钢球的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这在设计烛台上创建一个匹配标签 , 自动将字段绑定到这个节点中 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	在血清、肌肉和肝胰腺的活动仍然稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	但是 , 他是一名勇士 , 当他上了最后的阿迪乌 , 他的嘴里非常紧张 , 他的肩膀被挤出来 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔吉姆送了四个f16jets和150名军事人员帮助利比亚诺飞行区 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色的黑鸟在游戏邮件上被抓住 。 农民们在他们的领域 , 准备另一季的准备 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	尽管周期试图 , 状态不能清楚这样的活动 , 但不会损害整个流行的活动 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	时尚世界里的一个品牌是米罗 , 它的服装和鞋子设计的趋势 , 来自巴塞罗那 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但天后 , 经历一些类似的事情 , 当我独自触发了一个记忆 , 让我失踪安迪的记忆 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 关于文本的研究已经得到了一个广泛的奖励 , 因为我们希望它将会成为其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	本文以两个方面关注:闭e2集输送壳的必要条件和足够条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在电影里 , 他总是穿着假装的肌肉 , 穿着男人衣服的衣服 , 经常用罐子走得很有趣 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国在坦克林不合并的反应 , 坐在一百万越南在世界大战后的一百万名越南人 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	结果 , 您可以获得两个并行连接器 , 一个为每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 然后一个返回 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准尺寸服装的时候 , 就像莱弗科兹先生这样的男人 , 最后的比例可以出错 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年各样的路线 , 每年都有骑手和扇子穿过山 , 小镇 , 巴黎街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你已经在景观设计和城市设计中实践了15年 , 你曾经在你的职业生涯中有任何挫折 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	来自雅拉谷的雅拉山谷 , 美丽的柑橘 , 尼卡琳和新鲜的杏仁香味 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子站在他开口的时候 , 荣幸一分钟 , 然后盖普斯: " 你没收到电子邮件吗 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南表示 , 三架飞机在凤凰喷射射中有类似的飞机 , 在飞行之前再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话解决是如此有效的基础工具 , 大多数社会运动组织都使用一个或两个 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师已经知道设计更小、更轻的车辆是满足更紧密的燃料经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听众参议员是25分钟前的球员 , 但他希望我们继续跑步 , 就像我们背后的路一样 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里安补充道: " 他们知道他的脸 , 甚至十天后 , 呆在太阳里 , 他的脸没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过数学推导 , 阐述了水平动态和射角之间的耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明了她和丈夫分开的房间 , 在自身震撼足够的事务状态下 , 她和丈夫的丈夫 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	高度禁止非经营者或非维修人员应进入模具袜子的安全保护铁路 , 以避免搜索 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 一些发展中国家和日本的纺织工业加工纤维的开发应用已经相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本研究建立了烟草类型的芳香指数模型的准确性为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用异氧烷诱导高血糖的模型 , 观察血糖对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 通过教育建模语言对教育模型的学习内容和功能结构进行了抽象 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	介绍了基于地质统计学区域化变量和变量的基础 , 详细阐述了kriging解释技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤联系 , 克罗顿油会引起突破和痛苦的皮肤灌溉 , 会持续三周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了双发电机并行运行系统的稳定性和活跃功率分布的离散时间滑动模式控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	虽然更多的病例是由特定的报告系统所报告的 , 但在延迟报告的情况下 , 需要完善报告系统 。
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	超过500多个救援机构正在海地运营 , 空中充满飞机发电供应到港口 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	聚合物光纤作为一种理想的传输介质 , 具有良好的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国与新世界相伴 , 实际上发现了一个很大的新土地 , 半球南部地区 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	盟友合金是最近崛起的飞机建设的一种新型材料 , 具有弹性的低模块 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 它 " 进口工具设置不提供 " 排放 " 规定和环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的四十年里 , 他们是为了寻求的 , 他们在吉拉德的杰拉德的杰拉兹 , 发现他们中间有一名可能的男人 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实践需求相比 , 双边商务合作享有巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验的产生允许吸收、积分和经验负部的精神化 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干鱼 , 干鱼 , 干燥 , 壳 , 海瓜 , 壳壳 , 干燥的海蛇 , 糖 , 其他人 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	结合烧伤的方法 , 讨论了烧伤烧伤对内蒙古人口的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷酸盐肥胖者在这样的国家使用时 , 产量增加 , 但是在农民和环境方面 , 农民的成本高 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 用锅炉水浸泡颗粒的方法 , 提高蒸煮颗粒的含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	只有 , 建立了桥梁纤维动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的断裂动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督教离婚者在上海举行了多媒体照片展览 , 展示了它的手袋离婚线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , 约旦国王阿卜杜拉二世的战略使约旦地区信息技术胡勃 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定让自己更加聪明 , 因为像一个人不会被困扰的问题 , 而且可能是乐观的 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是西米尔艺术思想中的重要类别 , 也是美学重新审美的表达 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	正如你将爱于长寿 , 确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦 , 并且不舒服在使用卢比工作彼此的原因 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会打小门 , 唱歌歌 , 赞扬春天的来临 , 这个人会给每个家庭的图片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 队长贝勒 , 你不应该把我那么接近 , 如果你做的话 , 还有一个舞蹈 , 我的声誉永远会失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的西班牙 , 黄帝的继承者正确骄傲的存在孔子的存在 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的颜色 , 他的大小将适合庙或城市广场 , 是一个年轻的、慢慢的、不足的男孩 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千岛屿湖地区景观指数的结果反映了植物群落的现状 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更多有机肥料不仅能提高土壤聚集结构和基本性质 , 而且对水土耦合的影响也很好 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这种独特的是 , 很容易上升的公式叶子柔软 , 平滑 , 轻轻的香气管理 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	帕德里托试图画他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的亲戚 , 所有人都觉得自己在外面站着 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮机的三维逆转设计方法 , 根据泵流参数和泵流革命的方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	现在 , 贝安先生对那些反腐败的经销商的笑话也许会有很多高端的波特 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新列车开始运行时 , 它只需要一半小时 , 那只要比吃午饭的时间要长一点 , 还有一点点点儿 !
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	苏尔兹er化学技术建立在创新和我们成功的关键 , 继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , msc在任何时代的文化层次上表达了bdnf的bdnf 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	所有的香味都是沙拉、塔加拉、蓝莲和犹太人 , 虚拟的香味是最甜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是澳大利亚最大的钢铁集团 , 澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernateshards文档 , 该属性非常昂贵 , 应该在生产环境下转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	上升震惊的罗马群众 , 变得很急剧 , 以及民事派遣的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:探讨钛铸件表面反应层的组成、结构及微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	金属工具工具性能和兼容性 , 我们的数据覆盖了我们的超离英国桌面摩擦工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:总结了3501指数的文献评价标准 , 总结了35指标 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多尺寸或替代面部设计可以提供额外的选择来获得良好的适合和密封的选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本 , 城市员工中发现的数字是不包含工作的人 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne在现代英国并没有存在 , 但在英国南海岸有一个小城镇 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	另外 , 为了刺激经济 , 政府应该支持低利贷款 , 这是为房屋、汽车、巨大的市场项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	重新启动geronimo将对一个错误进行纠正 , 但是在数据库访问时再生出异常 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝金萨尔 , 打护士 , 声明说: " 在多尔多特的袭击之前 , 美国人知道没有什么事情但是失败 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	在分析cobweb算法的基础上 , 提出了一种将背景知识结合到类别应用程序的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了根系的根长、根系、茎高、茎基直径、上下地下生物量 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信信相信大多数faei在星期六在互联网上发布了网上 , 叫他亲戚的发布 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟吸烟药物如zyban , 通过预订 , 帮助许多人没有获得体重 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	确定了24个犹太国家的10个发生组的12个可敏感的研究总体 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发以确定土地供应大小 , 以提高土地规定停止土地保护行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后采用燃烧热的方法 , 分别了不同晶体的不同晶体改性的热稳定性 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生建设学生的医生顾问团队对医生培训质量有重要意义 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文提出了多输入多输入多输入细胞系统的功率平衡方法 , 并对ber性能进行了分析 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术提供了一个低级的消息结构 , 它保持集群同步中的所有节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常被感染的人传染到大气中 , 或被感染者的血液流感病毒 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列表了许多需要的和选择的结晶算法 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金顺警告明章不要打破郑中 , 或者他将明杭真正的身份分离明章 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他看起来很大程度地寻找她的意识中所有的十分点 , 所以如果她对她最危险的伤口可能造成冲突 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动化建模技术是研究交通流流动态问题的一种简单的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用他们的各个国家司机许可证申请中国驱动许可证 , 同样是下面的信息 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非塑料面积的加工包括加工oat、牛小麦、小麦和小麦的加工以及制备大麦的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化工业有限公司是政府与商人合作的一个成功的例子 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波诱导的海底液化是黄河三角洲潜艇生理学形成的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	本文介绍了脉冲一致性控制系统的神经元自适应pad控制器的算法和学习规律 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	特诺芬世纪的调查员教导他们的学生如何在特定的情感或消息交流 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	房间温度测量的导电性必须正确 , 如果他们在1000毫米深处使用岩石的深度大于1000毫米 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	采用陶瓷化合铜管在管模块中具有优良的服务效果 , 降低管坯生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他跑了 , 没有人笑...... " 燕敏时刻转变了面部声明的正式风格形式 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	第四至五叶之后 , 一些强大的种子在第二次取耳朵后 , 出生于耳朵的出生 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	提出了一种新的电源线圈的发展 , 是解决高压传输线的电压监测系统在线监测系统的问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	路华区国王金融中心的零售空间将短暂发行 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	十五年12月15日 , 我达到了国会议会的奥尼布斯预算协议 , 最后一次参加了我八年的立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它有关于松散耦合架构的益处 , 例如代码重用性 , 还限制了测试工作的努力 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个在她右手里的网球球球球员一样 , 科巴尔60岁的衰退有一个内在的手柄 , 被镜子反转了 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如以前的季节 , 中场和攻击之间的真正联系似乎没有真正的联系 , 而且对于一个新的季节来说 , 对于新平方的要求很高兴 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约书亚对上帝的帮助感激 , 他知道以色列人必须在他们的新家乡之前战斗很多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在被卡罗琳·埃弗森取代了长期的全球销售迈克·穆菲 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 给出了该模型的例子 , 并分析了一种比率封闭的价格影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	恒星和行星形成的尘埃和气体 , 可见光不能渗透 , 但红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但是随着桑德曼先生的调查 , 一个印象的文档过程只有控制的出现 , 因此只有减轻风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生活经常被视为一个公平的角色 , 她的传奇的婚姻传说给巴塞球伟大的乔治奥是这个观念的哈马克 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调查数学图书馆和混合编程的数学结果 , 得出了6800多个深分解结果的满意性 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 天津国家援助 " 四个免费和一项关注 " 政策在低价国家援助的全面实施 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 , 不要干净并抱怨 , 它给人们对你的生活的负面印象 , 让人们认为你是 " 暂时 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	让你总是想做的事情列表 , 但是你不能提高你的孩子 , 也许是写作或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的阿尔沃尔俱乐部预计在接下来2年签署迪戈·马拉登纳作为教练 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题正在困扰 , 因为两个测试用相同的知识来结束不同的分数或两个人 , 不同的知识水平可以结束同样的分数 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	虽然大多数人在我们听到一大风暴的时候 , 一个敢于恶魔的摄影师一直在努力接近他的工作 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将于8月31日完成这个客户报告 , 我知道这是因为如果我没有 , 我会失去1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 这个游戏大多是由于欺骗的增长而废除 , 由于皇帝的奥多伊斯在394年的广告废除 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	龙形象的分析可以使人们感到兴趣 , 因为龙是一个与传统中国文化相关的图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是年龄的战斗 ; 好的恶魔 , 傲慢的浪漫浪漫 , 帅气 , 没有那么帅气 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适合elf传输器的位置 , 由平衡和卡地尼亚盾牌所覆盖的地区 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	阳光亮地闪烁着 , 所以卡伦和老女人沿着玉米的脚路走去了 , 那里却相当责任 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃油和磨损的汽车外 , 还需要花费时间去家旅行的时间 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施不存在的地方 , 战斗警察的成本 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他说 , 随着采购卡车负载着战斗者头到前面 , 莫特拉壳的云在两分钟间歇中听到 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次看到阿尔帕奇诺在电影中看到的时候 , 我第一次在我的生活中 , 想我想像另一个人 , " 他回忆道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由古生物盆地组成的巨大的超叠盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有许多生物功能 , 尤其是对病理条件下的抗细胞的保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	聊天线上 , 学生可以更自由地表达自己的感觉和意见 , 甚至帮助他们的外语学习 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使它从来没有战争 , 台湾仍然是更好的中美关系的障碍 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室设置工作 , 我不确定如何学习时代 , 如何适当地讲话 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	第二 , 通过数学模型建立了wrh的学术可行性 , 并利用对比分析方法进行比较分析 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主机逃离 , 学校后的代理也特别关注培训 " 蜘蛛 " 和 " 视频tape喜欢代理 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过mcgss的一家远程监测网络来监测卫星传输器的工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加西亚先生 , 他希望看到银行家负责该国的问题税收和采购的银行家 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32他没有自己的儿子 , 可是给我们一切都不会 , 和他一起 , 好奇地给我们所有事情呢 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	在实际情况下 , 西岸已经从东耶路撒冷分离了 , 这仍然是巴勒斯坦最受欢迎的城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	接着我第二个软件raid文章 , 我们将采取更先进的软件raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天声音会在他的头上听起来 , 他的脑子的声音会响应答答案 , 同时他在无尽的任务上劳动 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前石油勘探已从构造储层到岩性岩性岩性岩性岩性岩性岩性岩性岩性岩性岩层 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	例如 , 墨西亚在肾脏上保持着肾脏 , 其他人可能被相似的导致 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了本品种外 , 本品种并没有成功 , 但是它在洛伊谷和加州培养了它 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫拿着哲学家的头 , 把它带到耶路撒冷 , 他把哲学家的武器放在自己的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	该算法满足了基于字符skeleton生成工具路径的新字符nc加工技术的需要 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售效果没有中心 , 那么信任者对自己的缺陷做出了不足的影响 , 它是绑定在信任者的 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	虽然数据同步发送 , 但协议在网络传输过程中提供依赖消息的消息 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件良好时 , 土壤水含量较低 , 开发过程延长 , 生存率降低 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	血管的生理状态是维生素和体外零应力状态的状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	轻轻的葡萄酒 , 高雅混合了香味 , 笑着笑着笑着 , 人群在手上忙着 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	为了减少状态补贴的程度 , 更多的工作往会导致那些没有付款的人的工作 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 金小小小突然问了a , 笔记是冷的 , 却采取了几张照片的想法 。
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	清楚地确定看他最好的 , 好转身的哺乳动物花了很长时间仔细地检查他剩余的脏物 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画在中国绘画中发现的各种方法的绘画性能和表现性能的影响 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发布了网上信息和叶片 , 旨在说服怀孕妇女有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	法律义务集团在法律保护法律下的数据保护法律 , 他们在哪里操作哪些 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里蔓延了毯子 , 吃我们的晚餐 , 很快就有黑色 , 又开始雨 , 风吹得很难 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数岩石坡稳定性分析 , 用恒震的平面表面处理单面滑坡 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	牛津教育馆在古老的佛教仪式里 , 在一座宫殿里 , 忽视了imphu谷 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个程序还引入了偶尔突变和随机性 , 这些程序之一可能产生事故的机会 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌的鼻子:把它放在锅水中 , 直到硬核被污染 , 然后用肉片或蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	目标是文件的最后访问时间 , 每次访问文件 , 下文件系统必须记录这个时间戳 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	与此同时 , 高温区逐步降低 , 直到火灾灭火 , 随着水雾的变化而降低 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这种不授权的计算机侵入明显反对法律 , 但对大鼠的战斗是挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	增加国有股票的比例 , 融资界的比例 , 现金流动对投资的影响更小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们在北约和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战方面进行联合评审 。 "
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	水解乳氨酸后加入水解乳蛋白 , 粘性种子减少 , 但污染率总是非常高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解物产生了肉类风味的必要 , 以使这些快速烹饪的汤、肉类等激励 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	推荐的菜肴包括黑卡风格的豆类 , 蒸煮鸡蛋 , 虾肉饺子 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	实验研究了激光诱导等离子体反射微波的频率下移和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	rubish收藏器跟随着处理瓶子后面采取废弃的瓶子 , 绑定今天成为一大财富 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受我诚挚的祝贺 , 我希望更好地报告成功的信 , 快快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 上午150名警察沿着中海领导合作的中海领导化合物 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影中的一个可记忆的场景 , 叫戈里拉斯在错误里 , 基于真正的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备广泛用于食品处理厂、食品仓库等食品处理厂使用 。 单位倾向于移植 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	成立于1540年 , 卡米切经常被buccaneners的buccaneners所吸引 , 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	技术的实施和应用已经积累了我国其他地区建设油气和储气的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来 , 对江苏大学教育评价机制的特点进行了分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这条狗的另一个名字是中国的狗 , 荷兰大夫 , 米尼马斯菲夫和其它国家是中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种基于基于基于并发的单核和双重磁场传感器制备的磁场传感器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是可怕的 , 很难找到工作的困难 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了ltg跨流空调控制方法及其控制方法 , 提出了一些改进现有问题的意见 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是高中地下学者 , 通过对地下学者的心理问题研究开始的 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨胃肠肠肠肠细胞 " 功能 " 的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	有些消费者购买有机的食物 , 因为他们相信产品更健康 , 品味更好 , 更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	通过实验方法研究了fpso的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德沃尔说 , 世界范围的数据损失了每年的企业和个人损失40亿美元的损失 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	轻轻的葡萄酒 , 高雅混合了香味 , 笑着笑着笑着 , 皱纹在手上忙着 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	在不同协会中 , 不同人口人口结构反映了社区成功的过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	正如在日志中出现的 , getname方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用服务器生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含一个程序发送的实际数据 , 其内容和结构由应用程序使用的应用程序定义 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东部地区和nka控制的pw%非常好 , 保持年内目标 , 也可以达到100%的ytdgs目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要心理和身体 , 如果心脏可以进入细胞内 , 就可以透过细胞的膜 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	通过对比sat和cft的spaelisa应用 , 检测了710个牛山羊的布鲁氏菌病 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	阐述了墨水在东方绘画中的作用 , 提出了空间描述的利用线 , 获得新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能会指着你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子是不完全的 。 " 如果你相信他们 , 看看 , 你是四月的愚蠢 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她抱怨或不愿意把自己放在三角关系的副本上 , 并未能看到她在过程中引起痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷磷脂复合物的主要活性是促进细胞吸收 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用理论的一个主题 , 需要高科技和很多工作经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和傲慢是不一样的 , 但是 , 特别是 , 我希望我能不能自足 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年的弱经济承认的官员的紧张 , 一些家庭可能不能为大学付钱 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	警察打开了他们的巡逻汽车的卡车 , 拉出像一个玩具模型飞机 , 四个转子和一个视频摄像机的玩具模型飞机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	樱桃和十分不可思议 , 她用 " 幽默 " 作为一个吸烟屏幕 , 萨洛蒙笔记 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	这个错误听到了这一点 , 他突然喊着仆人 , " 谁允许你为我做承诺吗 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 艾丽琳达和安娜已经承诺 , 如果必要 , 要把我带到船上 , 我不能错过这个 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性爱是相当不同的 , 就像你似乎说的那样 , 那么你就有任何必要的事情 ? " 年轻人问道 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我清楚她如何笑容 , 英语讲话的道路 , 但对于悲剧的抱怨我们正在考试它 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿在阅读或观察 , 并讨论她的话 , 鼓励她谈论她看到或听到的事情 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	遵循文件作为每个国家文件规定和上海规定 , 分类、排列和识别文件 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	经常冲动 , 偶尔过去 , 丹尼必须在长康的方式下学习病人 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	飞行员坐在飞行员座椅上 , 很快他们正在空中 , 尽管飞机在空中飞行 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期以来中国的注意力主要是小叶茶 , 忽视了大叶子 , 茶叶输出和出口日益减少 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在长夜里 , 很多人都有甜蜜的梦想 , 即使安静的睡眠时刻 , 却不能做 , 也不能做 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	印度urdu消息机构编辑sheikmanzoeded说: " 所有这些都会导致很多苦难 。 "
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生物化学、生物学、药物学或相关科学 , 至少有5年的相关经验 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法为甲状腺切除术期甲状腺切除术的安全性和处理方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也可以在世界广泛的网络上留下 , 这是国际通信网络的媒体组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于双端信息和单端信息的传输线非安装保护的实现 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他生活得简单又脆弱的生活 , 他对钱和卢斯有不同 , 他总是因为他的工作而失踪了晚饭时间 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 旧金山的政府董事会通过当地的法律禁止在孩子产品中的化学品中的使用 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗阴是晚唐不允许忽视作家 , 它的诗歌明显的地区由唐到宋传播特性而受到了影响 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西星期一被提醒了我们的根本 , 俱乐部创始人支付了我们的访问 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但看 , 这只是正确的 , 整个系统的护理医生在我们身上卸下这位医生 , 因为他们不能处理他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的评价二磷酸盐在营地区b试验领域的耐药控制效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年第一次 , 风中更大的风 , 在风中跳起来 , 听到了恶魔的翅膀 , 干燥离开了人群落下来 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	哈格希斯承诺继续建立 " 羞辱的连接 " , 这带来了那些想生活在和平和自由的人们 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	中国当时 , 国民革命正在战争中 , 中国的帝国主义行动并不完善 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我已经睡了14小时了 , 我觉得我非常累了 , 晚餐时间很累 , 我必须去 ! 我非常饿了 。
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一个领先的州长和总统阿司匹尔 , 克莱的政治直觉使他获得了 " 伟大的批评者 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	维奇:我知道你想做什么 , 你是个愚蠢的女孩 , 不过 , 我亲爱的 , 我可以帮助你们的梦能真的 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 治疗最常见的单词的语言 , 显然不平衡ldoce3 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我从流动中采取7列列车时 , 我总是试图解释在报纸上读到的中国字符 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然最糟糕的价格下跌了 , 但是在2010年的时候 , 国内价值将显示出小的增益 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果词汇证明了有效的话 , 美国表达可以在设计的病毒营销营销活动中创建 " buzz " 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	迪戈·马拉登亚今天说 , 狮子梅西是 " 与耶稣玩笑 " , 但不要做错误的选择 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您想要更改sammba服务器的名称 , 就可以使用网络名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新ipodnano开始149美元 , 除了建立视频摄像机外 , 还有fm接收器和pedometer 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	但是瑞典的报纸已经建议 , 鸟儿们在路上跑过去的耶和华的时候 , 他们正在跑过去 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量生理学差异 , 研究人员从每个组中提高某些个人 , 以研究脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语的第一篇文章是从第五世纪使用的英语语语言的第一篇文章 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共享的义务 , 确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案件和交付时间的规定 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	访问者的中心和博物馆提供了关于古老的宾馆文化的历史和当今印度人民文化的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈到半民族总体的tune , 它的无力参议员idle在大量的管理地产上 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	在cpb期间 , 中央静脉和外周动脉的总mk和4mk水平显著上升 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 这是一个非常特殊的乐趣 , 让我公开表达了我的深刻的承诺和欣赏格里·佩尔曼 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有助的步骤包括帮助别人 , 使用幽默学习 , 学习解决和时间管理的问题 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项计划误导了标记 , 因为它不可避免导致商业和消费者的能源成本更高 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	查看<wascehome>/var/目录/服务器.xml用于目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	下次尝试下次你需要驾驶你的汽车 , 把左鼻子覆盖在你的拇指上 , 只有通过你的右鼻子来呼吸 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	他们说 , 事故教他们两个教训 , 不管船是如何安全的 , 最多的百万人错误就会沉浸 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	这份报告显示 , 第二季度增长率甚至比严重修正预测更慢 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要在未来和公司中出现网络 , 应当扮演客户价值的代理和整合者的作用 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据中世纪传说的杯子或盘子 , 被耶稣在最后的供应商使用 , 后来成为许多对象 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我把他们送出了一个长期的购物列表 , 把时间放在手机上10分钟 , 拖拉彩色上楼 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 离婚年期 , 希望家庭在今年 , 我们可以健康生活的幸福是好的 , 不对的 , 不对的 , 对的 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾尔维先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以开关短时间 , 使它消失 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实施的独特特特性之一是俄罗斯生态群体扮演重要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、手段、可靠性分析数据 , 用spss15.0和excel2003进行统计分析 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	歌手cececealdon正在为2000万美元的美国超市标签报告 , 声称她怀孕了双胞胎 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他确保他的男人准备好了 , 麦克莱伦的计划是把他的军队放在波特马克河上 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	针对电力分布 , 给出了一个特定的a/d转换器 , 实现了电力、区域和性能良好的贸易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 案例教学可以通过音乐类教学的实践 , 并结合音乐课堂教学的实践 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这就是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更加热量 , 而且有两个金色的线性原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些瑞典人被认为是安全的 , 所以在怀孕期间 , 你的健康保健服务提供者谈论了多少非营养性的瑞典人员 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:通过严格的非肿瘤技术合作 , 可以防止血原肿瘤细胞传播和局部种子的传播 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种二维伺服四色图形识别的方案 , 并对其边界处理技术进行了边界处理 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hmm的同时解决和更新参数的联合源通道解码方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几种活性剂 , 并对其代替uop的活性剂活性剂在二氧化碳过程中的应用进行了评价 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	迄今为止 " 巴迪拉 " 种植于夏季 , 产量的有效干扰和产量不明显相关 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三国 " 浪漫在刘北 , 原来卖草砂 , 但后来组织上述后果 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	chban电子有限公司是以色列买家 , 需要购买的产品类别包括:电信等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	我们对传统的方法学缺乏客户的关注 , 为了对产品所有者/经理进行优先化控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当两张照片完成时 , 阿拉克看到她的惊讶的时候 , 她已经被打败了 , 因为上帝的设计无限优越 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	海洋、湖泊和河流都有不同的粘土含量 , 导致不同的粘土强度 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部要求建立并提高材料和儿童援助预防和控制系统块 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业:美国和中国小鼠和卫生虫害防治协会的国家森林控制协会成员 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 庄园 " 和 " 南京黄 " 的潜在父母是克里桑的小洪水种子的潜在家长 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售员只卖了一对鞋子 , 他们可能会有个真正的笑容 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成果列为以下:1 ) 自我nof脉冲宽度脉冲调制旧灰度控制 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	提出了建设完成技术文档的任务形式的补充、配置、修改和必要删除 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	民主党议员阿基希萨·纳加希马说: " 唯一有一个与党联合起来的党联合起来是奥扎瓦 。 "
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是30小时的数据 , 需要搜索脊柱参数和天空位置的数据 , 但是没有什么设置在石头上 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	没有预测温室效应可能带来一系列的结果 , 但是所谓的效益很少 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	二十世纪系统功能语言学和心理学作为两大影响语言学理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	本周六在上海中国国际商学院举行的奢侈品会议上周六举行会议 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道自己的虚拟从他身上走出来 , 把他转到新闻里 , 说 , 谁碰到我的衣服 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴塔尔拉·梅沙德现在正在美国人采取 , " 一名退休巴基斯坦的分析师说 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	营养成分的一个原则不能使ngpang食品、prunes、raiss和其他值得这项任务 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里吉说: " 我们只需要强调那些饮用和驱动的人 , 才能真正引起很多家庭的听力 , 我们需要停止这种感觉 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马对记者说 , 奥巴马先生将新能源脱离外交和其他非电子邮件方面的美国全球电力 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的启发是关注战略油储备的作用 , 增加勘探输入 , 加强油藏的进展 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它是由外血管侵袭、转移到宫颈淋巴节点或远端器官或组织病理性atypia 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	弗莱桑尼亚是一个关键的时间间隔 , 在德国佛兰尼亚大规模灭绝事件之前 , 德国佛兰尼亚群众的多样性变化 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了教师互动的概念 , 以及教师与学生之间的相互作用的基本特点 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别事件常见于癌症、过敏、病毒感染、炎症和自身免疫病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	罗斯国际社会会议的加菲尔德 , 城市生态学和cerrogoordo镇论坛的报道 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我开始吃早餐 , 在我们遇见这次旅程的领导人之后 , 我们将照片与所有陪伴者一起 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是0和100之间的值 , 其中100指数显示了一个轻负载的服务器 , 而0是重载的服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	通过直接计算各代非均匀陶瓷合金的稳定性值 , 比较了cv的恢复效果 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单个结构的分布式布局优于单个结构 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	混沌动力学系统的陌生吸引机的无限相似性是混沌动力学系统的自然紧密连接 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	此外 , 它还需要更长时间的评价是否适应化疗是否可以采取术后放疗的地方 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	冠军和冠金牌...伍德和她的冲刷 , 一种 " 鸟类 " 的类型 " , 比 " 海里的任何项目 " 都要多 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司有进口贸易权 , 可为国内外外用户提供船舶自动化系统和信息系统的总体解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	同样的问题在于中央政府的传播部门在执行官元法官的争论中得到了相同的解决 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将被举行 , 叫做玉米 , 一个特殊的节日会在火灾烧烧烤的周围 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文是第一系列将采取更新的视图2.0 , 并且如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人球迷的欢迎 , 他的两次冠军在周末结束了三场损失 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	或至少 , 根据大多数美国人和英国人在语言应用程序babel的新调查中调查的情况 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会试图透过这个前辈 , 使用xenophobia或海军主义论点来说每个国家都应该被举行到同一标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果建立了8 , 000个自动测试案例生成600个失败 , 你真正能处理这个问题呢 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作者几乎没有声称权威的实体份额 , 但是他们会有良好的任务 , 不会与其他男性作品相互干扰 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远 , 社会平等的声音在社会现实中发生的时候 , 系统可以和平等的倾斜 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	丁格还注意到 , 中国已经成为亨利科尼克最大的市场 , 而且 , 大陆的香槟市场每年都在增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国最好的滑雪者为摄像机拍摄 , 大多数年轻的年轻人笑着笑着 , 他们的眼睛跳舞着激动 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	大公司规定了屋顶和国际竞争的时候 , 国际竞争变得越来越多的阐述和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	奇怪的是 , 随后世界银行和新闻机构并没有通过尘土经济预测来阻止消费 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	当用户单击或两个单击标签显示空间内的显示空间时 , 有许多用户启动的事件 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于中国廉价的商品对大型零售商进行处理 , 他们倾向于超过这些低价格的推广项目 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	进入官方的立场 , 因此 , 联合审核和票单独控制了pel事件 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染药物通过污染的食物或污染的污染的食物来传播给不受感染的人 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	杰:我们还没有看到其他平台的细节 , 但是我们确保有更多的平台、应用程序和站点都会受到同样的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度改革的缓慢性和证券市场的稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	它是新文明观点 , 核心正在寻求共同的地面 , 储备差异、平静的共同存在 , 代码开发 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学的特点在于主题的选择或形成艺术结构的角度 , 都有交流的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文针对检查列表和流图的基础 , 建立了风险识别技术 , 建立了检查列表和流量图表的风险识别技术 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	地点连接面板的密封器应采用无锈钢、pin头扭矩螺栓密封器 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计学的教学中 , 提出了线性回归的参数估计方法 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物收入引起了太多无辜的死亡 , 这些文化被仇恨所盲目 , 他们不会想到后果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中国和外国佛教活动限制到点和线 , 缺乏大规模传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水的表面是健康的 , 它来自第一个地方和下一个地方 , 空气的表面是不健康的 , 它来自缝纫 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波器提供了基于服务器的服务器的服务 , 这样其他用户可以从您的电子邮件中获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿着音乐 , 因为我喜欢跑步 , 但是很难让我信心 , 因为我只做了5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除了葡萄牙的葡萄牙 , 这个网络并不受欢迎的狩猎地面 , 大约有一半被调查的男人和女人打算找到网上的人 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了空间、位置和属性的翻译条件的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	面粉和粉红 , 用拉莓和巧克力的香味 , 完成了许多和辣椒的味道 , 毫无努力地挥舞 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧 , 看起来你在生活中慢慢的进步 , 记得上帝永远不在匆忙 , 但是他总是在时间里 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 尤其是我们有很长的人们 , 希望我们和他们一起回到触摸 , 我们需要 " 公民 " 的程序 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	伯卢斯康尼自信徒丑闻以来 , 同时也在与那些参加他的党参加的scortscarrts的调查 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅苏菲见证了全流的仪式 , 而且她的祖父却是著名的...女王王王子的祖母 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	虽然霍尔战略是聪明的 , 约翰逊愿意把它当作旧版本新闻 , 但有两个问题与霍尔斯的方法相结合 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	不要从互联网游戏中提到削减 , 甚至我最艰难的朋友 , 他们正在抱怨并试图登录他们的msn 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	提出了火焰正常处理方法 , 采用闪光焊接、气压焊接和铝焊接 , 提出了火焰正常处理方法 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚前 , 另一个人从他那里抓住爵士 , 说: " 谁曾经看过一只蛇吗 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	理论、理论、重组、制备等领域的理论、重组和准备起到了重要作用 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们终于在无尽的支出和债务的周期 , 更多地工作 , 终止生活满满了货物 , 但意义和幸福的空间 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	此外 , webspherhereace访问提供了一个解决偶尔连接的端口用户通过访问离线portlet的解决方案 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语动词 , 可以引入报告句子 , 并通过逻辑和语义标准进行分类 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白人博士看了8 , 000人回到世纪70年代的记录 , 他们的iq测量了5岁和十岁 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了拥有任何成功的希望 , olpc识别它需要从目标模型中获取 , 特征xo机器的制造 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	在编辑视图之前 , 您必须将视图绑定到这个控制之前 , 双击视图控制来选择现有的视图或创建新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已广泛应用于长距离通信中 , 但它的高系统成本大限制了其应用程序 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在基于内存的对象缓存中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过在整个集群的某个服务器上共享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在使用公共汽车拓扑的灯笼里 , 一个部分是一个连续的电路 , 通常与其他的重复器连接的电路 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	马里夫·影森森的一位高级姐妹之一已经证明了伊利丹在被带来审判之前的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	当奥巴马在2008年成为总统候选人时 , 他承诺 " 采取 " 芝拿到贸易和货币问题 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着渗透频率的增加 , 光谱区域的数量和不同分散政策的变化有不同的差异 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你拿起你的仪器或打开你的嘴巴 , 都是建立良好的习惯并与你的嘴巴沟通的 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标指导的行动是生物学的基本特点 , 也是识别实体是否生存的重要标准 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 他们在奥运会之前回到哪里 , " 维耶尔斯特克说 , " 否则这对商业计划有影响 。 "
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安质量和技术监督局为了进一步促进食品 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国委员会的全球运动 , 提高气候变化和面临世界城市的能源挑战 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	google的技术要求从商人中获得一些资产 , 但似乎简单而安全的执行 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架抗侧荷载在短方向上应用 , 而对角承载稳定了建筑的长期性 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	东方历史展览区的展览区主要是对我国铁路的光明进展进行了探讨 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这种信息对您的健康的健康有重要意义 , 请直接应用这种烹饪方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	然而 , 在河流种子生长产业化管理的过程中 , 有一定的问题需要快速解决 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响内燃机的循环头、阀门、阀门座位的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被告知 , lt关键是错误的 , 如果压制了计算机会崩溃 , 所有实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	这种性能的损失主要是由cutof插件引起的 , 圆盘螺旋桨和开放的插件基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于美国而言 , 美国的裤子分配制定了很大的努力 , 提高 " 出口民主 " 战略 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周美国的天主愿望只有上周宣布他们最终会对死刑的严重反对 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	莉莉安·拉尔弗尔:导演一部电影是一个非常严重的工作 , 我们都知道这是的 , 你只是说的 , 还是没有什么 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本文的对象是研究几种复杂变量的变形函数和变形映射的独特性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血液动态稳定的超声心律水平可保持观察和分离 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	哈基把袋子和金属悬挂袋子看起来对你来说 , 因为你想要你的配件就像你一样 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphereapplicationserver社区版本的插件 , 用连接标签不会看到您的服务器列表 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种有机盐的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的探讨急性肾脏、加强脾脏、生殖血液的临床疗效 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了基于普通的微分方程的多体系统动力学的设计灵敏性分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	采用多线程技术实现的孔洞扫描器 , 其扫描速度非常快 , 孔径易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的性质强调了观众的位置 , 只有揭示自己作为一个同时的物体 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	针对等价理论的原理观点 , 翻译品牌名应该实现完美的语言语言u 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流是稳定的 , 如果没有重新修改到文件或管道 , 那么选择的页面就会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探讨环境偏差、纵向和中壁缺陷的环境配置 , 也为厚度验证和辅助监测 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有opel , gm的承诺在北美建立更小的汽车 , 更多的燃烧足够的汽车会缺乏说服 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	利用zibo市废水处理厂废水处理工业废水的工业废水量超过80%以上 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同意红肉菜、蓝鱼和硬奶酪等 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这个综合资源包括一个国际贡献者的领导学术和实践者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他喝了深深的蒸汽 , 学会把自己的精神从房子里流出来的精神混合在房子下面的潜力 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 国家核政策的第一次审查是冷战结束以来的第三次第三次 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	这个活动中涉及的个体不仅是科学上未知的 , 而且绝对没有对更好的信息感兴趣 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自开发的光油改造催化剂在氢生产中表现良好 , 已完全替代进口工具 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人都在这里加入我希望你们两个 , 塞缪尔和凯基 , 最好的生活必须在你的婚姻中提供你 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几台客户机上 , 可以模拟数千台虚拟用户并发在各种场景中并发 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	振动液化床广泛应用于化工业、冶金工业、食品工业干燥粒子材料 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们早期认识到这个趋势 , 我们可以重新分配我们的资源来帮助我们的关键路径活动 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在一定的意识状态下 , 和平的思想 , 强烈的力量 , 以及信仰和精神的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的探讨血管神经障碍的临床特点及诊断标准及手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数病例在区域组装分布中 , 北部城镇占总数78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	家长们庆祝他们的业务、农业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续的产品升级 , 多纤维混合理念的实现 , 棉纺企业生长纤维创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总的来说 , 53%的法国人相信萨科齐先生做出了 " 好总统 " , 与5月份的41%相比 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源库表示 , 每年将提供3000万吨的煤炭 , 每年大约3亿美元 , 从2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和提示部分对如何改变你的行为、学习新技能和改变个性特点的改变提供了很大的建议 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	基于您传递到cin的数据结构的数据处理 , 这个函数不会设置阵列尺寸字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	amazonweb服务 , 租借大型数据中心的计算能力 , 也赢得了一个值得廉价的声誉 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	程序版本显然比自由版本和冻结版本更具特点 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kddcup9数据集 , 给出了该方法的优秀性能 , 给出了该方法的优秀性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯汀是那些爱耶稣的人 , 生活在他身上 , 突然死亡让我们留下了数百万个问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	这足够让我们感觉很好 , 经过外包工作和耐磨之后 , 婚姻机构现在正在外包保护我们的爱情生活 , 日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	还有去年 , 金融时报收购了钱媒体 , 一个在线资金经理的网上提供商 , 负责订阅费用 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	早些时候 , 你可能开始醒来 , 去你的新计划 , 或者计划一个新的博物馆展览会 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	小qrane女士 , 你真的想娶詹妮弗 ? 克莱恩人回答珍妮弗将是我们的泰国江集团的救生者 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	希望与胡锦涛总统、温家宝和其他高级官员在五周五访问期间见面 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	ym:当我年轻时 , 我看到了很多哈克姆奥拉杰文剧 , 查尔斯·巴克莱 , 当然迈克尔·约旦 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这就是基于恐惧的思想形式后的一个叶子 , 并将基于统一的思想形式与光的语言结合起来 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美的食用水果和蔬菜作物通常不能达到超市 , 因为它们的大小或物理的出现 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	该项目将利用电源购买技术的海洋电力技术 , 包括模块、海洋购买 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课的合作学习理论可以改变传统教师中心教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	此外 , 该邮票在1980年发布 , 特别幸运的 " 老猴 " 年仅发生了60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是二维的 , 那么你常想 " 无包 " 的内容就像迭代的那样 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证脸部的安全和快速的支持 , 而且大大减少脸部的消除成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 通过经验的外科医生专业的联合动脉移植 , 完成高容量医院的程序 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场者和消费者的市场营销工作都在意识到发生什么 , 都满足了最终结果 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从互联网的早期使用 , 网络的哭泣是网络空间的新边缘 , 主题没有法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但是这次表现并没有满足两个圣女 , 马达米·柯丁 , 马奎塞德·德波西 , 并且这次委员会deteteteavieuuuux 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也成为一个基本法律、行政法律、地方法律、规则等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 全部披露:我不会叫做基于地方的社交网络服务的重用户 , 我没有市长 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovafb2的涂层抗原和fb2的竞争抗原 , 研制了一种用于检测疟疾b2b2的冰冻 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以 , 学习你的第一句话 , " 莱克er " [le'ka] , 意味着任何从食物到女孩的东西 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他是欧洲迁徙的最好的 , 因为他收到了签证dor和照顾奖项 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有较好的水质特点 , 处理效率好 , 成本低 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌的四个患者在18ffdg综合性图像上有负面的发现 , 但显示阳性血清标志 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软触摸的织物和强大的压缩符合chic设计和思想的细节 , 每天你都要穿上衣服 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	你需要遵循训练时期的正式服装代码 , 没有牛仔裤 , 穿着夹克和轮胎 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助您的工作开发前景 , 因为你将能够获得一个副工作 , 如果您需要一个或开发更多的业务 , 更好的费用 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	加入中国男教育者缺乏雄性教育者和书籍有着强烈的论点:中国男孩正在发展在一个女性环境中 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法应用于多个简单的模型分子的包装 , 以及苯胺和hiv1蛋白酶之间的包装 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	五名经理说 , 晚上五名经理人还表示 , 他们更有可能使错误 , 摩里的调查显示 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么今天早上医生告诉我 , 你的机会很快就让我们看到他说的机会是十个 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每个调用都得到了自己的活动记录 , 所以每次它都叫做变量的存储空间在那个活动记录中获得自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	6月13日 , 捐赠者承诺超过40亿美元支持加维的作品 , 超过任何人最荒谬的梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人加里·瓦纳赫克用他的知识创造成功的葡萄酒图书馆电视 , 日常视频博客展示了酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周一个人叫加里 , 卡尔维先生的奶酪家 , 进来 , 把水分归还在内部 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是我们将需要空间火箭使用科幻系列星轮来帮助我们达到可持续的星球轨道 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	" 如果你有坏信用卡比以前更难得到信用卡 , " odysaspadidiul说 , " 但是他们仍然可用 。 "
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与睾酮受体深处于我的假设中 , 我喜欢和多巴胺一起淹没我的原始蜥蜴大脑 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	下次 , 您将pojo和sap放在注释上 , 将它转换成ejb , 您可以给openejb团队带来一些感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因的蔬菜家 , 一些常见的动机包括环境、动物权利和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国的煤矿一年一定杀了2 , 003万名工人 , 煤炭吸烟的空气 , 其他地方还杀了很多 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	大多数关注内存的研究是集中的 , 因为你可能希望 , 记住事情的一面 , 多少精确 , 等等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如路由的消失小说一样 , 我们也许试图将我们的关注转移到某个新人 , 再次对浪漫的爱情的冲击 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 通常设置alias , 它扩展到 " l' , 对于一个目录或列表的目录或列表 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战正在提供普通的访问 , 在单个umbrella下得到这个不规定和组织的系统 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放后处理已得到很多关注柴油机的严格排放标准 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在高磁化的脂肪坏死视图中 , 一些脂肪乳腺宏观形成的神经脂肪组织细胞之间 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤降解的主要类型较差 , 微生物差 , 坏结构 , 基础和重干旱 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术中56例椎间盘悬挂的病理观察进行分析 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿周六称北方的宣言和声明为 " 深刻遗憾 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店支付债务卡 , 你就可以从你的账户中获得额外的收费 , 这通常叫做 " 现金回报 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	皮吉隆斯·斯卡特是一个男人在卡斯曼德州附近的巴什帕尔德堡大街附近的祈祷者走回家 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	虽然罗斯尼克里继续看到更危险的一面前锋 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中的配合线是一个3rd度多项式的多项性 , 但是任何类型的光滑都会告诉你 , 有大量的上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一个公司想把利率放在下跌的利率上 , 它就可以简单地构建它的市场单元 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大型的战略 " 角度 , 讨论了福州港的价值 , 大大而必要 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	你认识并且同意你可以享受成员支付年费用的成员费用 , 为成员和相关设施费用 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据工业分析师马什尔·科恩说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋子实际是购买篮球 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国东anglia大学气候政策专家mikehulme表示 , 社会效应也不可预测 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	坊正桥是上海地区最长、最高、最高的石桥 , 共有五个开放在庄家园和上海地区 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行程度的差异外 , 定义的不足也是限制支付宝贵的副本人一大手工 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	金融监管的新过度并没有解决公司 , 即使他们发挥了一个中央的作用 , 就算是在通胀房屋泡沫的作用 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯苏瑞兹在上个月在安菲尔德的11图画中被控 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	有些路径让我们走到公园 , 在洛杉矶河上面的高桥上 , 我们的路径让我们走向公园 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	2004年9月 , 曼联人失踪了欧元2004年9月的测试后 , 这是一部电子剧 , 显然仍然与球员一起 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 研究了硫化亚胺和阿司匹林进口片的溶解性提高 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了摩卡/e比对填料物理性能的影响 , 并讨论了pu弹性器的热空气年龄 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , src柱轴向压缩比的限值通常比rc柱的轴向压缩率高 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织一般的政府赞助反对反馈和缺陷的产品和其他非法的行政活动 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 当墓地和沙滩河的时候 , 叶尔多尔曼关系不能识别通道模式 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	常用设备的示例包括雪鞋和计算机或类型的键盘 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从当前的情况下 , 欧洲政府的发展可能再次破坏了壁垒 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	该方法采用马肝组织作为原材料制备马肝酒精脱氢酶干酪醋粉 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	基于非晶硅薄膜子电池的顶层 , 生成了一种透明的导电剂 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业家都热情市场或技术 , 把销售帽子放在自然上 , 好吧 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接当地能源的生产发展 , 供应和需求的平衡 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	妇女、家庭妇女和学生的碘缺乏障碍的知识和实践 , 改变区域、上海 ;
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法对74例患者ct扫描证实的mbienscina的变化进行了分析 , 并对其与预后的相关性进行了研究 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	输入$userinstallroot}\etwsecurity\sample\sample\encender.jceks在密钥存储路径领域 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的评价全体骨骼筛查在喉癌细胞组织组织组织学诊断中的应用价值 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	经过一次新闻会议和一场oath仪式 , 10个成员队的队伍 , 确保队长的安全性 , 他改变了他的工作总体 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	奥尔利拉说微软并没有作为诺基亚的唯一选择 , 并且注意到许多公司在与完成移动手机制造商合作的兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家 , 是星系中心周围的圆环环 , 只有在中央酒吧外面的圆环 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了pinellia法提取剂和总碱的评价方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国破产法官允许雷曼将现金投入两家银行 , 以避免监管机构 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法采用热塑性试验法观察两种不同浓度的cinobuf脂肪注射液的镇痛作用 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文的总结 , 语言的整体特点已经对李庄作了简要的概述 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	przwalski的马 , 一旦浪漫了蒙古的步骤 , 被认为变得太分散在野生里 , 就变得太分散了 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系模式的转型需要美国和韩国保持 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长长城移出来 , 这些 " 被短的恐怖逃离了 , 就像有些凶恶的虫子一样 。 "
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑您的网上专辑 , 等于每个旅客都在公共屏幕上留下的家庭专辑的价值 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场的发展 , 如此激动和公司 " 令人震惊 " 的长期日志通过衰退来说 , 有一些指标来临的 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果您正在跟踪并计划在这个点上采取突破 , 请在您的文件系统中保持两个工作 , 如今您已经创建了更大的文件系统 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们在非白人群中看到更多的权威主义利益 , 我认为权利主义家庭的百分比在亚洲最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月球远远离地球 , 即使大树在山上生长 , 我们不能看到它们最强大的望远镜 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	大城市的机场旅客和袋子检查 , 主要城市的公共汽车停车是实际的 , 因为它会带来普通生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	几天后 , 他们仍然与军队联系 , 幸运地 , 他们杀了鹿 , 可以依赖维生 , 花了几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 对于四大银行 , 好银行/坏银行交易应该是管理的 ; 行业只有四个工业在tandem工作时才会稳定 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时 , 我仍然希望一个有意义的钥匙板 , 所以当我看到s710的时候 , 我知道它是完美的适合 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果这本工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 必须有一般的神知识 , 不管有限 , 这导致男人常常想到他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	汞与任何人类癌症、白血病、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间没有其他文献联系 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国最近公开支持对伊朗的制裁 , 并对朝鲜的核活动更少限制 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这个游戏开放在一个无名的战争中东国家 , 在交换1000万美元的费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	在8月底 , 乔伊·德弗里斯科在很多失业的工人中充满了很多令人厌倦的工作者的幻想:他在一个不可思议的地方时尚 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	根据价值链的周围和公司策略 , 提出了分化优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	鉴于过滤器处理请求和前面的能力只有j2ee1.4 , j2ee版本的老版本需要不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利主义brigittebardot写给德国部长 , 不要给她压力超过8月禁止 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦西亚全球更多和塞维拉中场马赛卡都是拉齐奥总统洛蒂奥购物列表的夏季市场 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在实验室管理和长期发展的两级金融控制下 , 学校在实验室管理和长期发展中存在矛盾 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	结果表明 , 该样品更有效地提取egg的信息注意力 , 显示了eeg生物反馈系统的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科尔声称穆里尼奥没有对未来的球员进行解决 , 更喜欢集中在手中赢得比赛的事情 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	对金坦岩石盐的机械方面进行了系统的实验研究和理论分析 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例患者发生鼻腔感染 , 14.3% , 呼吸道感染占48% , ur24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	在德国 , 年轻人实际上失业率下降至10.3% , 在两年期内 , 失业率下降 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	从传统的观点来看 , 句子意义是其真实的条件 , 从而实现了一种分析意义的新观点 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论打击血液疗法对大鼠hpa轴心肌损伤的疗效有监控作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	虽然物理学家经常知道他们的病人会死亡 , 但他们从来没有告诉他们 。
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣站在那里 , 吩咐他叫他叫 , 叫盲人说 , 对他说 , 好舒服 , 升起 ; 他清理 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	waferside的大小表示 , led的质量比小芯片更好 , 价格比异常大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 中国hiv传播的hiv传播模式对感染比传播的影响显著提高 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	确实 , 美容专家通过实际研究表明 , 婴儿油与糖的结合提供了最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他被指控陈氏的电脑在网站多媒体有限公司修复的图片 , 零是一名员工 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些人 , 林肯的演讲和写作已经被偷走在整个院子里的火场手册上 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多人在大明宫的地方设置 , 他们已经保持了大部分原始的地区文化 , 例如他们的方言和传统食物 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中 , 可以收集反射如何总是寻找固定和永久的东西 , 尽管自己 , 并且管理特定的特定 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔给婚礼带来了kay , 这样她会慢慢地慢地慢地慢慢地慢慢地跑去 , 也许没有一大震惊 , 吸收他父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	低频钢36z疲劳的焊接金属裂纹增长率可分别为35倍和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统简单地构建和简单的使用 , 比传统的msp更高的光谱分辨率 , 没有增加收购时间 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 重复pv在同一椎骨水平的患者并没有疼痛失调 , 患者下肢静脉 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	软银行的合作是一个好的开始:公司拥有2200万的订阅者 , 其用户基地已经在过去几年里逐渐增长 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不敢敢称自己改革开放的领导人 , 但是 , 毕竟 , 我们是第一位普通人开餐馆 , " 郭说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	拜纳姆上赛季最后46场比赛 , 左膝损伤 , 他平均平均14.0分和8.2磅 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了相关膨胀土性能的柔性连接系统 , 以及设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	本文利用性选择吸收指标 , 指出性吸收浓度对出生率的提高影响 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女人将有更多的推荐作为英雄的母亲 , " 联邦主义者说 , " 比建立 , 亚马逊像自己一样 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	这些日子忙碌 , 通过 " 水边缘 " 实际上没有发现 。 今天 , 去图书馆 , 图书馆小时前 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了解决这些条件 , 我们必须根据我国的特殊环境重新调整公司的规则机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	吉妈找到了一张石桌 , 许多字已经被打碎了 , 明显不想让别人知道更多关于这个墓穴的信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队沟通提供了一个蓝图 , 对于会议业务目标而言 , 也为实现有效的工程提供了一个蓝图 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路伯丁确认它使用的形状是 " chinese红 " , 但认为任何混乱的形状都会影响贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	所以你可以去多个论坛 , 学习在常规颜色上面的一些信息 , 这个论坛会涉及到网络平台更可靠的论坛 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	分配 , 您可能不会分配、子认证或否则在本协议下转移任何权利或义务 , 通过执行法或其他权利 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物所有权在中国正在增加 , 藏族主义者是那些希望扩展他们的财富超越股票和房地产的狗 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应当完全提供 , 大学培训应该是我们普通国家的任何一节课或比赛的垄断 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点讨论了原始日常保障中心工作人员的自我认识 , 并探讨社会结构上下文的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 自1918年以来 , 观察家没有使用 , 但是实际上 , 瘦肉是季节的 , 吸烟完美的 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	大米赞扬阿富汗总部abduljabar作为阿富汗政府最大的雇主之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他离开汤姆巡逻影院 , 她看到山羊的眼睛明亮的坟墓 ; 矩形的小狗 , 晚上散落在杜斯基晚上 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	根据加州镜像的分析 , 提出了解决新型的幻想文学创造的新视野 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	伴随着 " 经典装饰品、完美展 " 的品质产品 , 永虹重新定义了每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行正在加强中央银行 , 以保证措施保持高通胀 , 直到全球市场转移补贴 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个snps也显示了基因生成的互动 , 但是他们的影响并不明显 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	虽然在第二年里 , 俱乐部只是成功的 , 部分原因是由于它的协调员、苏珊矿业的能源和热情 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	杰8g.德鲁在法兰克福特举行的辩论 , 促进投资者信心在全球信贷交易后可能返回 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd中 , 根据计算机节点要求 , 将数据重新分布到某些步骤1中 , 所有的组都是多元化的 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	法国和平海岸的两个多样化 , 一个小的两个人死亡者 , 是杰克斯塔乌的海洋船舶卡利普索的一部分 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	普勒托·费兰在城镇的错误面上 , 但仍然要穿上新衣服 , 穿着美丽的鞋子 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	现在投资者要求银行像雷曼和华盛顿相互提高资本或卖掉他们的资产来提高现金 , 并证明他们的解决方案 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在2000年民主党委员会发表了全国公约 , 他是党副总统提名人 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	在试验中 , 通过bp油喷出的砂污染 , 该团队能够在第二秒内分离水碳 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 基础基础上可能是由于在阿特西亚的水泥上卸载土壤的土壤 , 如沙桩和高温变形等危险条件 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生在15分钟内对朋友的名单进行了一个程序 , 他每个15分钟的文本消息 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	把你的空间与您的窗口手机的运动传感器和战斗的空间海盗与您的可升级武器 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	本方法可为其快速、简单、简单、一定精度测定推进粉的铝粉帐篷的测定提供新的途径 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	当它关闭它的目标时 , ekv集成了xbrith它的上板传感器和锁到敌人导弹的数据 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利hedle增加成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 但发明效益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	自从老板是电影生产商 , 他的客户是电影明星 , 歌手和庆祝他晚晚晚晚饭店的品牌 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	jerseys , 脉冲器 , 心脏器 , 腰衣和类似的文章 , 编织或腐蚀 , 丝绸废物 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	结合:任何对原子分子、离子、晶体、金属、金属等稳定物种的相互作用 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另一个是loblolly松 , 风破坏不仅保护风的土地和农作物 , 还可以被砍下来 , 用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个完全背 , 约翰·弗兰根和杰克·罗宾逊昨天是优秀的 , 反对沃尔科特和萨姆米尔·纳斯里 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	阐述了糖尿病、蛋白质、蛋白质细胞、抗异常技术等因素 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	审美追求对新闻作品的各个方面有联系 ; 作家编辑新闻的过程也是审美追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西省南京地区的徐宁市6个县和城市 , 位于广西省西南地区 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	其特点是:严重的条件 , 快速变化 , 更易误诊 , 困难管理 , 更复杂 , 死亡率高 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 爱因尼亚总理安德鲁斯·安普在访问中国外交部长李赵兴 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹承诺实施全面和平协议 , 并在苏丹南苏丹举行推荐 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种传送车辆的悬挂系统的组成部分 , 特别是对悬挂式钢套的运行员 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使小山成为我们的国家鞋基地 , 我们需要做下列:一 , 识别开发和创新高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	近年来 , 氟化学物质的改善使其使用高浓度的氟化学物质没有引起医疗并发症 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	高敏性的家庭历史和个人历史的儿童更有可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及采用新型有限色谱介质纯化和制备cobra神经毒素的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitel光干涉仪增加了肖像测量范围 , 其测量精度达到了纳米的水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省劳动保证大厅地板行动员张德瑜瑜 , 办公室增长了嘉家宝 , 做出重要的演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	拥有各种各样的历史准确的武器 , 包括机枪 , 巴佐克斯 , niperrifles和燃烧器 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文对含有多羧基因组的水溶性硫黑染料的染色和完成性能进行了研究 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	提出了一种用厚砖层氧化铝铝薄膜的制备方法 , 属材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	序列和并行执行之间选择的理想阈值是协调并行任务的一个功能 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区微观性状差异明显 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面部问题是人体的溅射问题的反映 , 只有内部和外部治疗才能有助于解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是我国广大市场需求的早期新生病损伤诊断的最优点和临床价值方法 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	李海姆再次获得 " 2004年最佳生产商 " 和 " 2006年最佳男性音乐家 " 2006年由黄金梅洛迪奖项委员会颁奖 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括电子商务店前应用程序、社区网站、门户网站、样本报告和项目时间吸收应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度多文本的平均14至21个新秀节目相比第二周第一周的电影显示的150个附加节目 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和持有者 , 礼品 , 陶瓷瓶 , 叶子和糖糖罐 , 包装桌子 , 桌子 , 烛台 , 烛台 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他敲进鼓 , 演讲者 , 把牛肉拿起来 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 用好的措施来自身 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	莱维特说: " 虽然他是个人负责进一步的职业生涯 。
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	阿蒂拉 , 大多数西欧的猎人王阿蒂拉 , 死亡了一名死亡 , 很难从那么激烈的战士中预期的死亡 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	有一个视频共享能力 , 您可以看到其他人 , 尽管你的互动在视频旁边有限 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	它提高了xerosis的一些主观症状 , 临床x血清严重分数和dermoscopic表现 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	立刻抬起剪切床 , 开始立刻抬起 , 当感觉逐渐与密闭压力板连接到半个时候 , 它开始慢慢下去 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底层改革不能阻止 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免面对 , 这样它就像一个不可阻止的柏拉格 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	阿米斯花了电影的其他地方来获得他的收入 , 让他逃离了他的小女儿从她的新朋友回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则的值分配的值是应该在测试1中的测试中分配到机器中 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几周后 , 我们得到的话说 , 克里人希望我在约会上讲话 , 虽然它还没有清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	本研究的结果也可用于解决中国西北干旱地区的其他地层和地球的同一盐问题的参考 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	结晶化合物 , c6h12n12n3ps , 含硫类似tepa的硫化物 , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	本文阐述了热量计的基本原理和热量计的热量计 , 提出了热耦合热量计的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥位于法国中海岸 , 位于18公里东 , 附近意大利边境附近的18公里 , 并被法国围绕 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有人会改变世界的文本 , 但是把这些条约一起 , 这些条约约约约束基地达的招聘池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周中午的富爸停下来 , 我们听到他的卡车停在停车场里 , 发动机被关掉 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	该添加电压主要是电源线频率 , 其对电压计的读取效果将取决于正常模式拒绝能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南百华贸易有限公司是一家专业从事优良酒、进口葡萄酒、烟草、著名茶、烟草的公司 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	试图让房间在任何床面反射在桌子上的镜子上 , 以获得 " 双重财富 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当骆驼完成喝饭时 , 男人拿出一枚金鼻环 , 两枚黄金手镯重量十块 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆的学校教师为例 , 通过问卷调查工作负担和影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类可能像清单1中的同步计数器示例一样 , 但相似性只是超声 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另外一个风险是 , 个人和商业账户将会混合 , 因为他们和莎梅萨克尔做的那样 , 他们现在正在继续银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能导致一定的爱人使用非常长的钓鱼杆来钓鱼 , 而且还可以减少或设置 , 使鱼钩方便 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 某些燃烧机械喷雾喷雾器对某些燃烧器的性能较差 , 燃烧器的燃烧性能更稳定 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这导致模式定义和生成的soap消息是语言中性的 , 并遵循wsi基本概要 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建您最喜欢的收集并经常使用snippet , 确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们提供了一个小时更新 , 以保持我们的用户信息的情况 , 直到今天才解决了4pmpdt之前 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 膝外科医生仍然是一个挑战的问题 , 重建伤口或被切除的menicus的功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些政治权拒绝纽约时报报的任何东西 , 并不确信任何由狐狸消息提供的东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管特朗普与中国的爱情关系 , 他的中国球迷相信他是美国人 , 甚至世界也是伟大的 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	类似的是 , 中国政府计划改善基础设施大型的重设备制造商如骆驼 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当粮食地面 , 或叶子被烹饪 , 它们变得更可消化 , 使更多的营养物质被肉体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找一个机会 , 以保持他的队伍在一个大城市学校的艰难足球场 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	几家主要银行包括2012年中国的增长预测 , 大多是因为出口将面临的担忧而导致中国的增长预测 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热负荷集中在加入时间内的盘子外循环的热负荷可能导致锥形变形的形式 , 盘壁壁可能导致 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	根据系统中多元文档滤波器 , 可能需要添加一个检查 , 请求文档是否是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数50 , 000个应用程序都应该在基于安德鲁id的桌子上运行的手机 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 深入地分析每一作者的作者的作品 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室用黄色的自行车锁 , 可以在仓库里看到渔业玩具的箱子 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	针对生理信息融合的多维性和非线性特点 , 本文利用svm建立医学建模 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	1934年6月16日伦敦 , 美国网球球员亨利·杰科布斯与沃尔曼杯比赛后 , 美国球员在英国参加了英国 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党 , 布特托的党说 , 联合国调查了她死亡的唯一途径 , 这是唯一的办法 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场干预的行业组织干预方式 , 行业集群促进和促进经济的区域发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸称 , 维多利亚也允许在任何决定结婚之前试图与男朋友合作的日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 虽然这些成功仍然非常关注的是高层次的偏见和背后的原因 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将有昂贵的增长 , " cinic在声明中说符合其报告的释放 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个哈勃空间望远镜图像揭示了猫的眼睛内布拉 " 是最复杂的 " 星球星云 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管道系统 , 玻璃加强热塑料组件 , 试验方法证了螺栓式联接设计方法 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪斯尼执行官说 , 如果他们在中国的努力成功 , 他们将在世界各地的其他国家举办英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	所有这些和更美丽的地方存在在我们世界上 , 我们就失去选择 , 唯一的办法是遵循我们的心路 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非其他城市地区的居民 , 可能在富裕国家的外国人同样有关 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位guguyimithirr发言人被电影告诉他的朋友如何在他的青年中如何讲述的故事 , 他在鲨鱼感染水 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	有限的数据表明 , ms0和tsr的平均关系比ts0.93的平均值大 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	这样的笑话开始的性游戏 , 现在都有黑暗和兴趣 , 更有创意的男人 , 更有创意的是它得到了 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqae和qam决定是否需要额外的行动 , 并执行这个行动 , 以确保计划审计作为标准 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	此外 , 通过ct二次负荷的变化 , 可以保护磁性限制总线保护 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 在稳态状态铸造过程中 , 紫外板的净度适应了两种生产工艺 。
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可交付的是一种可测量的、验证的工作产品 , 例如规范、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联邦军队承诺不再战斗 , 回到这项承诺 , 他们被释放在巴罗里 , 送回家 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	船长从身体背端移动的波浪 , 直到达到头部 , 推动它向前移动 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有一片灰色的摩西西哥的故事描述场景 , 特别是黑暗和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可阻止的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中会有更多的益处 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过强迫他们审查他的离开 , 诺佐先生可能帮助最后一次改革:更透明性和会计性 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 , 我们有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特·皮尔斯 , 丹尼斯·伯格坎普 , 詹姆·莱曼和现在又厚了 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们互相抱怨 , 托德德德德德博士在汤普森的耳朵上说: " 谢谢你们相信的汤普森 。 "
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	过度调度 , 压力 , 或者担心孩子经常不应该睡眠 , 而睡眠剥夺也有严重的后果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 他买了印度农业社区的土地 , 它吸引了农民 , 阿特兰人和知识分子 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过提高管理的组合 , 名人安妮·莱博维茨发现自己的债务2400万美元 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈文海先生要求统一的思想 , 保证各种作品的完整实施 , 成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	最近 , 中国早期人类的发现仍然在中国和西班牙 , 对于非洲理论的怀疑 , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他在庙里写了一篇小说 , 描述了他的生命和研究小说时代的小说 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	现代法律的一代审判过程的报告取得了很多全身的法律 , 并从目前的角度重新揭示它 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但是他决定采取笔 , 成长 , 继续写作 , 写每句话 , 他需要支付普通人不能想象工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	进口税率在客户和个人邮政园区的个人幸运率表 " 是本系列规定的一部分和公园 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 城市和某些视觉的私人开发人员开始试图改变商业空间 , 将商业空间转化为左公寓 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主人家人清楚地知道时间/地方/地方/地方/帐户在前进 , 当你想去旅行或呆在旅行时 , 就会得到同意 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	过去 , 苏联有很多平坦的建筑 , 在这里有公共厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	第二 , 有一些糖尿病患者可能受益于vandia , 第三 , 患者可能希望继续在药物上 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	赫王后来承认faing数据让这篇文章看起来更好 , 但声称一名同事们认为细胞线是真正的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	此外 , 您的应用程序还保证了您的应用程序后端运行 , 因此您不需要做关键的文件世界可编写的 , 这是一个大增加的 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	据纽约时报道 , 凤凰太阳首席执行官和总统rickwelts说 , 他是同性恋的时候 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	参与者收集相关俱乐部的运营基金 , 机构提供地点和运动设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	李德斯大学的直接调整学校的研究表明 , 从法律溃疡中提高报告的恢复速度 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王bhumibol的死亡意味着伊丽莎白二世成为世界上最长的生活君主 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四十四条建设企业合同工作的质量 , 应当申请此类质量的规定 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	针对大地区螺旋素塑料的培养 , 成功预测了螺旋素培养的前景 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 闻到竹心深处 , 优雅精炼 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	分析了kellog氨基转化器催化剂的毒性原因 , 提出了防止催化剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	采用silkworm对六种量子特性的遗传效应进行了实验 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到纯净的时候 , 却发现上帝只有我在债务中有两个人 , 没有看到福乌图的图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种好办法 , 包括swot分析 , 评估你的市场 , 开发你的组织身份或简单预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	走到古兰维拉酒店 , 还在广州 , 你会看到三个相互看到海餐馆 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一套自动功率机械装置 , 一个自动调节可移动的螺旋 , 背流缓冲和升压阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文运用简单的缓存形式 , 给出了两种不同功能的条件极端 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文以147个私营企业为例 , 通过因子分析和获得7个共同因素 , 选择了21个内在影响因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了乙醇连续生产的催化酵母和聚乙烯醇醇的催化酵母的行为 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	所以做的各种坏后果都有不良的性能 , 包括不良的性能 , 大量的系统备份 , 决定管理性 , 以及增加失败的奇怪 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种利用反馈多类神经网络实时语音质量评价的新方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待的过程中 , 9个城市必须预测一个人幸运的失去预测 , 这是一个成功的球员和收入 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血浆内皮素变化与肾氧化物和血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 大卫和金正看了戏剧的辩论 , " 红室的梦想 " , 沿着dprk的人来自所有的生活 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同倾斜或韧带端的不同缝合固定的强度 , 并评价适当的缝合数字在切割韧带重建中的应用 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	主要讨论了设计拱管时的负载情况 , 设计拱管的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁共振胆道梗阻的诊断价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为 , 这大部分是由于男性有厚的皮肤 , 这些皮肤隐藏着脂肪细胞的出现 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈论谁会从课程中获益 , 一些关于我们在本学期的详细的课程中 , 我们会在课程中覆盖的课程 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸速度快 ? 你的脉冲比率吗 ? 你的手抱怨吗 ? 这些感觉阻止了几年来的生活 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	霍克莱拉胆碱试验室疫苗生产过程中 , 出现疫苗的病毒性并未达到标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	通过活性氯原子的有机酸含有活性氯乙烯 , 介绍了氯化氯的活性氯原子 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我公司产品非常好 , 产品销售在世界上 , 比如:东方 , 我们在世界上拥有大量的成本 , 日本 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是农作物生长的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和沙漠化的自然生态环境 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这名叫解释他们的动机市长承认在城市xiwali上犯罪事件的媒体报道 , 他正在写报告平衡 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了中硅密封剂的制造原理、性能、影响因素及使用的因素 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五个卧室 , 现代家庭超过1500米的广场和完整的退休家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个真诚的和迫切的问题 , 他不想浪费时间 , 你知道他应该怎么做 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语心理成为美学的主题 , 对于出生吸引力、呼吸性和社会性来说 , 变成了审美价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存链路简单实现是可滚动的 , 允许您滚动后面 , 并向前面表示的一行记录 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 作为我们本周的特殊报告显示 , 德国的成就 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 告诉一个相当不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	呼吁api将http请求的形式传递给建立的服务进口url , 包括xml数据的细节 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持初级和二级学校 , 除了英语和马来文化的主题外 , 学生在中国教育 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件、xls传递表或动态web页面 , 实际上没有打开ide并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 不同民主特征的肥胖妇女的性选择性吸收效果逐渐增加 , 不同民主特征不均匀 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育的核心是培养学生的创意精神 , 关键在教师指导和学生的参与 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾·范佩西的新合同在阿森纳温格的议会上 , 但他不希望这个问题成为一个媒体观察的月来 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个</p><p>儿子主持威胁陈玉 , 陈玉最终没有敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我在计划旅行的时候做了我的家工作 , 我知道 , 很难利用摄像机建立好照片 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	在灌溉过程中 , 瓶颈炎和动脉炎可能导致叶子和年轻生长的转变 , 通常会在地面上移动或喷发 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普通条件包括人的思想质量和道德质量 , 科学上文化 , 劳动技能 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟表达了这一点 , 中央出现了很长的计划 , 面对广告承认程度最关键的问题 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以向我们返回的订单 , 不过 , 客户将按照每公园的租赁费用 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	除非mofcom的价格不应该采取或接受 , 否则 , 除非mofcom的价格确定了这样的污染和损伤的初步确定 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果纯甜薯素含氰胺、三苯胺、马尔维素、辣椒素和甲基甲烷 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	了解不同种类的吸烟木材 , 为了制造酒吧砖 , 了解更多关于bbq格栅和火坑在这个免费烹饪视频的bq视频 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳能替代方式 , 动态 , 地理长度 , 纬度 , 替代方式 , 云覆盖 , 大气透明度 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴刚曾经表示 , 碗形能帮助观众集中在容器底部中心 , 集成人们和结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比关键西部的玻璃海洋周围的玻璃海洋 , 在美国最南的提示 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统奥巴马在大多数时间和公众出现改革全国卫生保健体系的一个问题 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	测定了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和灰的营养成分 , 分析了铁粘酸和泡沫的营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我读到这个消息时 , 我完全震惊了 , 然后我回来他最后一夜的时候 , 他看起来就像昨天那样有些显示 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为城市的特点 , 资源城市已经在建设整个行业和国家经济体系中取得了巨大的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了当地硫回收过程的基本原理、过程流程、技术特点及工程实例及其在我国应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果您已经使用了railsasauth验证了 , 您知道logedin用户将设置与user密钥相关的值 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	dnstein解释了神经活动 , 即使在睡眠过程和典型脑中 , 通常与某些模式相关 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一个可移动的观测塔 , 可以用来直接指挥如何和火箭的火箭 , 而坦克的位置是在转弯下来的 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种设施 , 例如污水处理厂 , 鼓励科学家工作更好的减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	虽然他们风险受到冲击 , 但在网络上 , 中国的声音建议公众的观点在这里准备更复杂的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	纽兰阿切尔在巴黎街的酒店窗外看着他的酒店窗户 , 感觉到他的心情与青年的混乱和渴望 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	本:是的 , 很多人呆在那天晚上 , 电视上我看到人们走在长城的街道上 , 激动着国家旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 谢志敏也试图帮助赫敏 , 负责推动整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然适配的箱子也可以引起更小或更重的缓冲 , 但小调节可以提供更平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	显然 , 不同层次的管理 , 无论海底还是在海上 , 都要求不同的知识水平 , 认识项目的意识 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	今年早些时候 , 政府允许沙利亚法律被武装极端主义压制两年后的两年性侵犯 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 英国电影提供了8个地方电影院 , 虽然7个人只显示它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	据大卫报道 , 苹果代表人对他说 , 告诉他 , 这个应用程序的拒绝是由于它的 " 政治收费 " 的自然而导致的 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	建立一套科学综合考试系统 , 进一步运行毕业后的教育教育体系 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	或许最重要的是 , cd19l杀死了甚至是那些高度抵抗标准化疗药物和辐射的白血病细胞 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	该系统将允许战士使用手持电脑来请求诸如嫌疑敌人位置或敌人领域的全部运动视频 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最著名的美国主义 , 使用和认识甚至几乎不知道另一句英语的人 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织保持周明阳在交通政策的结束时 , 为了方便生活 , 她将回家搬到中国东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男性的完美浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了对泥泞性的美德 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的过程中 , 几个星期的技术完全恢复了自己 , 所以早上有必要教会 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	该方法采用纤维素凝胶来支持大鼠心脏细胞 , 在纤维素破裂之前 , 细胞组织成组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论了建筑能源节能的窗口 , 指出低玻璃是目前最好的一个 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们的年龄 , 突变的数量开始扩展系统的能力 , 米托克隆德里亚开始自杀和死亡 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一个独立的全球人群 , 看起来像小的透明昆虫 , 从7 , 000到14 , 000 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的商业是非常紧张的 ! 经过试图出现amway的产品之后 , 看看我们的上线是如此伟大的时间 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类语言的重要生命 , 血液的丰富 , 如能量、情感、硬等 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格得到了 , 谨慎地把他的妻子拿起来 , 所以不要把贝特哈拉下来 , 因为他已经付了一轮的总结 , 他亲吻了她的嘴唇 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	国家石油威尔瓦科已经开发了下一代计划 , 这将培训和发展潜在的高潜在的大学生为未来领导地位 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 携带乘客和货物 , 是铁路铁路的主要任务 , 随着社会的发展 , 铁路越来越高 , 铁路的需求越高 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持希望她丈夫的丈夫的丈夫最重要的东西:悄悄悄悄地摆脱他的衬衫 , 枕头从他的身体里 , 他的孔子球 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文以2006年红书出版的红书资料 , 介绍了世界铀资源、其在一些国家的分布和变化 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华尔宁波正计划在专业、动物和消费者市场开发国内市场 , 我们希望更多的人加入我们 , 我们将更好明天 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	周五的一份报告显示 , 消费者信用增长在11月的第二个月后 , 减少了20个月后 , 这可能会让消费者更好的支出 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者的cgms和csi可获得有价值的血糖漂移 , 并提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiphop社区已经收到了一家来自普通音乐集团的股票投资 , 并未公开投资的财务细节 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但是城镇规划者 , 齐心地试图将资本转变成现代、效率和宇宙员工 , 已经被认为是大多数历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	字母:页面像邮件 , 但是 " 正常博客同步 " , 当您访问管理页面子页面时 , 您就会提醒 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国婴儿有效的早期学习程序是评价制定和教育过程的完美和多元评价体系 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	此外 , 提高了rpuf的压缩强度和模块 , 从耦合剂中提高了rpuf的兼容性 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了日本建筑师肯哥卡姆亚设计的 " 竹墙 " 的维拉 , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 做一个立即模式对注册3进行比 , 存储数据的结果 , qi$$4 , $3 , 3 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	星期日 , 观察家声称 " 茶党在联邦开支规模上升出愤怒 , 尤其是在银行里出现了 " 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 在1990年代末期 , 许可证样本已经变成了很多放牧器开始创造背景跟踪和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	如果检测早期 , 五年生存率大约98% , 但是在先进阶段检测的时候 , 检测出的15%就可以低于15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但经过几年的加拉德里尔出生的婚礼后 , 来到伊尔兰德的儿子里斯威尔 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日晚 , 智利总统与外交部长唐在智利参加东美论坛 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	背面有数百个rhestestones个人缝纫 , 这个套是波行史的重要组成部分 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 美国销售额的时候 , 美国销售额的时候 , 市场正在增加基于摧毁的公司 , 这些伙伴关系正在减少 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评的有机形式 , 包括 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机整体 " 和 " 相对的统一 " 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下面的命令将创建 , 在体积组测试vg中 , jfs2文件系统与安装点/fs2文件系统 , 只读取允许 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨血清中介素6和中介素18水平的关系 , 同时评价风湿性动脉炎的综合性差异 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	目前马山铁钢铁厂1钢厂滑炉滑炉的电磁搅拌系统的运行状况及问题 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线遗传、性别遗传等等 , 建立个性属性产权的基本内容已成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱情的完美状态是单独和独的 , 就像花卉交付的花言:让夏天的记忆...
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	中国南部吉林盆地位于华南地区 , 是一个半格拉伯盆地 , 位于邓华南断裂北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	本单元具有两个128加仑混合罐 , 一个30加仑持有热器和一个方式的进入式的洞穴灌浆泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理的多元主义 " 经常表现民主文化的公共文化 , 但现代的主流思想是经济主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种基于更新大气分散算法和调整方法的化学信号系统 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的分配需要仔细考虑 , 但是如果完全通货膨胀不再是关注的问题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作方案 , 采用ct和b超声图对心脏检查表进行ct和血管检查 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	所以当然知道 , 黄必被剑死 , 由著名的 , 祭司 , 在地方 , 是的愿望 , 要去去享受 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的集成模拟 , 包括延迟锁定环 , 同步到参考钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸称 , hkma将通过交易基金 , 投资车辆hkma管理增加两个欧洲资本暴露 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	最近股票预算增加压力 , 标准普尔500指数今年7月降至4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	他在非政府组织的限制下 , 由美国税收者资金从执行堕胎而获得美国税收资金 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊环境防止这种情况 , 它可能会与国家证券委员会批准的证券委员会发布安装 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	一般相对性 , 时间被考虑为高度、宽度和深度的维度 , 创建一个叫做空间时空的四维宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	很少人习惯在早些时候做出他们的灵魂的询问 , 因为它更难检查自己的心 , 比写回报要多 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统的发言人弗南多·卢戈表示 , 尽管他将继续诊断淋巴癌的办公室 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	允许持有者应当确保项目设计、建设和操作按照在eia报告中包含的信息和建议 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型的时间长 , 消失自然缓慢 , 如果有重复的rash , 可以显示不断的蛇类 , 小鼠很多形状 , 更多的周期 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , 尼乌加入emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家签署的国际经典音乐品牌 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是在我经验中 , 基本uml语言对于大多数软件密集系统的基本体系的文档来说 , 文档的基本语言超过足够 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我想如果我在夜晚做一些航空运动 , 它可以帮助我在15am期间提高我的能量水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从治疗的第一天 , 小鼠pmn的化学物质开始降低 , 大剂量剂量组的作用比小剂量组更大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	芝加哥会议的展示 , 最近从西门子网站消失了 , 从来没有讨论机器使用的特定的地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可变线性回归数学模型预测火灾传播 , 监督火灾预防 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法对245名自我抑郁规模、自我焦虑规模、自我制定问卷进行自我评价 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	劳里亚先生告诉法院说 , 我们不应该通过这个过程来帮助更多的努力 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	青年人是一种智能科学家 , 出现为浮动大脑培养一个怀孕的帐篷集群 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司新飞机的需求将在未来20年里增加五倍 , 需要超过2 , 000余飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看到神的惊讶作品 , 听到从西亚的神的声音的声音 , 他们在正确的恐惧 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地区 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 这个阶段被称为保护老师教育 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当爱登出生时 , 他被给予抗生素清除肺部流感 , 尼古医生建议我们允许它 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微气候 , 从约翰尼走廊瓶里的微气 , 鼓励我的想象从它的褐色中出现 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一棵小树的时候 , 他们听到了他们的头部和一只可怕的灌木 , 路边的草地里的草地 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外有一些疾病 , 每天有10多个酒精 , 生殖炎也不能使用药物吸收 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预测1 , 今天为下载提供的第一个步骤是当地html5支持的第一步 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革的培训应该结合以后的培训 , 提高学生的思考能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有耐腐蚀性、耐热性、耐磨性、耐磨性、绝缘性等优点 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	该控制器已应用于纺织染料机械多功能电动同步控制系统 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论5种杀虫剂的鉴别剂量可用于我国cx.pipienspallens的抗性检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	对于大多数来说 , 目标是在晚上所有的葡萄牙下游 , 但乌维人坚持在13英尺的葡萄上进行好的测量 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短代码进行同步信息 , 克服了相关代码传输在快速存储过程中的难点 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是导致服务方向和服务面向的技术架构之间的关系和区别的需要 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件传递到 , 这使得很难回溯到原始的问题来源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是出现不对称数字订阅循环的不对称性数字订阅循环的形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组装水调水细胞是可行的 , 应该在水采集和节水灌溉工程中受欢迎的 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 学校的某种类型积极寻求沃尔多夫毕业生作为潜在的学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	本周 , 21个国家的高级官员在夏威夷举行年度峰会 , 亚太平洋经济合作论坛apec 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	还讨论了城市循环路建设的功能 , 运行阶段的必要性 , 以及环境路的维多目标 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多目标组合的plough可以结合培养和松开 , 实现空实体共存培养方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	孙erniangs强烈推荐了hinai'an , 揭示了当时男女和女性平等的先进概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	一些直觉开始了他们 , 他们把他们的背部转到火车上 , 开始从草地上跳出来 , 他们的运动就像任何球员那样漂亮 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	pyridoxine:治疗一组双盲、交叉研究的高活性儿童的高活性儿童 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国商业中起着重要作用 , 进一步 , 它对国家经济有着巨大的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您的收藏 , 保持我们的新兴作品和收藏卡 , 收藏行为也是作品的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与者每天看到他们平均的性经验从2.7到4.5个月增加到2.5 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江源地区燕昌4+5储层的低渗透长4+5储层油气勘探潜力良好 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	研究将观察花园胶囊是否能否破坏病原原因伪单体的通信系统 , 以防止疾病持有 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于子层储层特殊的地质特性 , 注入化学剂的通用方法不适合子层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	玛丽说: " 我不说我们看起来是怎么样的 , " 她说 , " 你不必被污染成为穷人 。 " 我总是记得 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	据说 , 这种革命可能会超越或hijacked , 硬线程和ocrat是一定要在日底预防的 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	虽然iq和个性测试可能不会承受更多的直接关系 , 但是他们的精神相同:测量 , 量化 , 了解不同的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	但是 , 沙箱有墙壁 , 因为魏博现在没有与外界的世界玩得很多 , 并且受到严格的监测和审查政策的影响 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	嗯 , 这是一个非常大的电话 , 如果你看完整的日子 , 找到一个正面的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobraddock认识到 , 订购杂志的最大的障碍之一是消费者不能检查和触摸完美的食物 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每个病人治疗的患者 , 每年的预算预算中有相当的变化 , 总数的ntp预算预算和每年的总成本 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	此外 , 通过发明了一种具有摩擦压力和液压压力的复合压力的复合压力的优势 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	这个月 , 印度议会辩论的 " 人口稳定 " 这个月后大多数忽视这个问题 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究格里菲大学视觉媒体的研究 , 为他在格里菲斯的经验提供了一些有趣的观察 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在斯科尔董事会上 , 几乎所有人都离开了站台 , 哈克真的离开了体育馆 , 在停车场里得到了很多汽车 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	尽管目前的数字可能会建议一个步骤 , 但分析人员说 , 他们并不是中国贸易的一个定义指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译在点上编辑的 , " 一个帖子附在sina.com的翻译上 , 一个流行的web门户 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	分析了反垄断机构的四个主要模式 , 指出有效的权力对抗垄断机构具有重要意义 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗跟踪 , 但是当他或她被视为一个手段的时候 , " lucnoel博士补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	更多的是 , 花园地址、农田、居住和工业土地将增加其峰值 , 然后降低稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbc报道 , 至少有19人死于德国德国德国德国杜伊斯堡西部的爱剧舞蹈节 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象能使我们变得任何东西 , 即使一位爱尔西亚的综合征导致没有过度的行为 , 文学才能使我们变得任何东西并把我们放在任何地方 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成后 , 他把旗子移去 , 珍惜地用它擦嘴 , 有些西尔的汉语像14岁 , 少数比25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年 , 位于太平洋海洋附近的西部一城市 , 是佩鲁最大的港口 。 人口264 , 1333 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人做了一个融合 , 我找到了一个难以让这个考古超级城市变得更糟糕 , 没有一个老的模糊莫斯奎 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经历一个困难的时间 , 试图学习外语 , 同时适应完全不同的文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个人为狐狸打猎 , 终于失去了自己的森林里 , 他走着焦虑的地方 。 在黑暗的时候 , 他遇到了一位老女人 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	地球上最大的大链接地球上 , 环形的岛屿包含了一个中央的拉戈隆 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	羽毛覆盖鸟的身体 , 紧密关闭的葡萄酒创造了翅膀和尾巴的气动力表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	将一个业务对象映射到异构系统之间的协调时 , 甚至作为正常的业务逻辑的一部分 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	但是 , 有时候 , 这种疲劳从低铁店里偷走 , 尤其是在20岁和30岁的女性之间 , 他们不吃多肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 该设计合理 , 运动方式可靠 , 这些混合链的性能由这些硬化链链的性能达到了世界上高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了缓解海岸鸟的栖息压力 , 需要建立核心区边缘的水流池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	infoq:看起来你对视频编码的希望正在接近google宣布他们正在下降h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	马登娜 , 切丽·布莱尔和贝克汉姆斯都搬到了沉默的南尼斯 , 威胁在他们的国内生活上提升 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	装备一夜的vfrvvfr航空设备 , 来自dynon或garmin , 然后回到您的秘密目的地也会很容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	酒吧和咖啡馆用桌子填满了它 , 家人在晚上午后停在这里 , 或巴西索 , 为一杯酒 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	根据陈熙的一名高级顾问 , 公司不能在经济下滑中产生利润的公司离开员工 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界上最大的矿业公司的发言人rubanyogarjajah说: " 我们不需要从欧盟获得批准 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市指数 , 房价和通货膨胀率较低 , 肯定对银行家的饲养和借贷者的繁荣感受更多 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是老师职业发展的重要基础 , 在教师工作中扮演不可替代的部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	同时 , 20岁的运动员也完成了所有其他体育赛事 , 同时 , 纳塔里·波特曼和萨尔玛·哈耶克的喜欢 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们得到有意义的结果 , 我们还验证了网格指数实际上是为了在后一节解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	例如 , 在短期市场上 , 许多人指出宠物利润 , 股票明显波威也愿意保护或甚至覆盖地位 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者似乎没有确定 , 在周一交易期间 , 他的股票下跌了9% , 但经过几个小时后又重新反弹了17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意到 , 阿瑟尔并不会在那里工作 , 因为他有一个与mosdiggory的讨论 , 他已经在一些时间里工作 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公室层次不适用:像farrar这样的经理 , 他在大片上覆盖了数百名艺术家的团队 , 是无根的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	从现在 , 只有intelsat在空间通信中做了16qam实验 , 他们的16qam是由传统的方法制成的 , 其数据速度不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜修复技术是用小切口、电镜和图片固定泪水的一种手段 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	没有婚姻 , 没有任何生活的头发 , 我的父亲告诉我 , 因为他们都是太严肃的 , 或者通过他们的家庭财富或过去的 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	至于俄罗斯舞蹈主题的tune , 玩家将聚氨基聚合物放入另一个来清理董事会 , 并取得最多的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	" 瑜伽 " 申请公园的大峰、广泛的冰川 , 以及深刻的水瀑布 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达式是真的非常普遍的 , 在那时刻我不知道他是否是一个先进的老人 , 或者他是否真的是个简单的子 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案可直接影响建设的投资期 , 确定建设后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及氟塑料衬砌制造和应用技术 , 尤其是一种氟塑料衬砌复合材料及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:探讨板层生长因子对不同根表面附加和增殖的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	平壤 , 革命的首都平壤 , 社会主义的公平公平面临着巨大的改变 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温显微镜和xrd法研究了含硫酸钠水泥粘结剂的吸附过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变长指令、多地址格式 , 只包含少量的通用目标注册 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	诚实的是 , 大多数人在课堂内容上都没有做过 , 因为我们教导了米歇根热量1所大学的任何事情 , 都会学习 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自1979年中国重建金融信任业 , 信任产业已经历了六大改进和修改 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察颈动脉悬浮液对儿童哮喘的治疗效果 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南uts的所有bp错误 , 联邦政府已经修正 , 大多数政府对皇室付款没有影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	在逃离婚姻之后 , 她的父亲试图安排 , 她在荷兰找到幸福 , 但失去了一个密切的朋友 , 被穆斯林·齐拉特杀害的朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过他们完全可见的机制布格拉蒂 , 建立在天空飞行器的原则 , 虽然在这里只有五个故事 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	但是 , 公司通常不会给慈善 , 它不会贡献政治竞选 ; 它不应该是理想的 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	现在96岁的祖母billye , 借给他100美元开始他的第一个业务 , 他站在第8年级建立的火灾作业 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖食品机械厂是一家专业生产自动检测机、冯莞机械、抛光机械业务的专业生产 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理拉斐尔·贝尼特兹赞扬了他的队长杰拉德 , 以提高他的婚姻背景 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	cuimadam的观点相当明显 , 准确的还有一些令人惊奇的李兴问 , 为了花生那么多的顾客来说 , 崔马德姆的观点是非常明显的 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了企业分布资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐述了解决了解决技术的结构和实现方法 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	农村经济、农村经济、农村发展和农村民主的支持 , 需要增加 " 三农村 " 的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了圆矩形光学长度波动的影响 , 假设是一个算法随机过程 , 对光纤环谐振器进行了分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文利用概率学和非概率学方法的结合 , 描述了影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	采用hoil、氢阻塞硅油、六甲基硅烷、d4合成需要的氢硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨胰岛素总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的追踪元素及心肌超微结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨溃疡性肠炎患者的t抑制细胞功能的变化及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们共同照顾管子 , 垂直平等的姐姐一般讲话没有人太挑战的话 , 没有人听不到 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	它在西方和东方的战斗中不可忽略 , 运营 " 市场园 " , 在荷兰 , 以及阿登尼斯的攻击 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章讨论了辽代资本城市体系的相关问题 , 包括周州市与李上京之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但是奥巴马总统的预算主任彼得·奥兹加表示 , 共和党人只是对总统的税收建议的错误 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	因此 , 力量不需要解决:它盲目地工作:形式缺陷的账户 , 内容也限制和意外 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她通过穿t恤衫运动她最喜欢的游戏 , 穿着她的时尚主义者的声誉 , 携带她个人化的咖啡品 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本书中 , 《成功的新心理学》中 , 斯坦福的心理学家卡罗·dweck给了我所描述的名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称 , 为了成为任何更聪明的人类大脑需要大量额外的能量和氧气 , 我们只能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月222日监管机构周五在美国银行购买了五家银行 , 预计将成为银行失败的忙年 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构预计今年全球石油需求增长400万桶 , 每天86.5亿桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也受非印刷报纸读者的访问 , 认识到视觉、声动和运动到数字消息经验 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近的公众评论中 , 温先生已经承诺维护外商业信心 , 并经常与国际执行官有关 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果时间器在分段的数据被认知之前 , tcp假设分段已经丢失或损坏 , 并发送重新传输 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	因为它与名义纳米秒解决的结果是自然的 , 认为它具有相同的准确性和精确的限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	结果 , 通过球到你的前锋发布了一个完美的成就感觉 , 比完成二次方程更加潜力 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司的说明 , 该公司进一步扩展了其生产能力 , 并结合年度生产能力达到了2008年12月5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真结果表明 , 该仪器大大提高了l、c和r参数的测量准确性 , 并得到了较好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入社交的态度 , 每个人都鼓励帮助我们自己的校园内建设活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还证明他们可以分离整个文化肠微生物的社区 , 并创建一个 " 个性化 " 的细菌种类图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在修复过程中 , 锁定板固定结构仍然必须保护全重轴承 , 直到联合国签署是可见的 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还关注迈克尔·巴拉克的健身问题 , 但西森在周二出现穆里尼奥的问题 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	法院文件简单或写论证的律师和诉讼法院的律师的律师 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	展示了改进或不出现客户机动力是否会使客户机移动到板板上 , 否认反馈有意义地进化过程 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金使人更敏感的身体疼痛 , 减少社会状况的残疾 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置缺陷位置来分离与树脂沙接触地区的摩尔登铁 , 成功避免了缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 符合zte的手机、统一、贡献、努力工作、微笑服务和客户携带的现实 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周的事情改变了 , " 四川强调 , 解释了那些实验室数量的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 青少年已经睡觉了 , 我在银行上伸展着 , 我可以听到所有东西深刻的音乐 , 天空向我打开了它的星的心 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场对手的关注 , 她曾经失去了四次 , 赢得过一次的比赛 , 这太回到了2010年的时候 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	马登娜说: " 我想有一个孩子很长的时间 , 但是我不想试着 , 只是把它放在那里 , " 这是那些奇怪的 。
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过骨颗粒中的多层有机矩阵现金 , 表明矿物相与金属质的有机矩阵相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例高血压、6例糖尿病、6例糖尿病和6例患者均有虚假的阳性结果 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另一个故事从来没有证明帕诺达对希腊的利益严格的家庭利益 , 参议员对大巴嫩有血关系 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了有效dmus的一些有效途径 , 为制定决策和科学管理提供了参考依据 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果与谷歌地图发生了相同的效果 , 当公司试图120kb页面大小时 , 公司开始了约30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑毅同时也说服了保卫者 , 让女孩 , 诚信和诚信让她印象她 , 不要与非应用程序结婚 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法甚至允许您在飞行上修改身份验证规则 , 因为所有pamaware程序都开始应用新规则 , 不需要在它们的代码中任何变更 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但是我坐在我的山里 , 巴巴尔比亚人仍然在他们的数千里 , 有少数人敢敢敢于杀人 , 知道他们肯定会死亡 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	所以 , 三季长袖在顶部和心脏器上部是一个非常好的方法 , 同时也不用一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	介绍了广东电信的一些相关概念 , 重点讨论了广东电信的工作流技术综合支持体系 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	虽然汤姆意识到这将是在销售会上公开显示注意力 , 但他不能与客户的不合理的需求展示 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对派论文的优秀机会 , 立即攻击了他们所称的非法干扰和他的破坏的政府 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找额外的行星相似于帕利和同事的技术 , 用月亮作为镜子来观察地球转移太阳 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填满了这栋建筑 , 它是一个完美的炉 , 门烧了 , 地板烧了 , 木木基督不烧了 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	fcdb的个人成员经常回答这个叫做武器 , 参与国有的宠物驱动程序 , 以使各种提议放在球场上 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 你如何准确地评估你在产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 而且不仅仅仅是在大鼠洞里进一步挖掘呢 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公众讲话也有益处 , 如果他成功地获得他的观众同意的话 , 那么这是一个自信的提升者 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在的地方比在快速的世界里更有关 , 你的作品讲述自己和ivy联盟信的名字是不匹配你的攻击能力的 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	这句话说 , 有很多故事 , 仍然在探索并离开探索 , 以消除只是关于阿瑟斯和利金的故事 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体制逐步建立 , 高等教育体系正在改革、知识经济时代 , 教育服务开放 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc已经发布的威胁应该给国际社会怀疑它在民主政府领导的准备性 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	目前 , 人权建设监督的政策已广泛受到社会的接受 , 在过去几年里它制作的明显成就 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	心理健康专业人士表示 , 大多数患抑郁症患者不会得到适当的治疗 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	同时讨论了互动多模块方法的方法 , 并对目标建模进行加速运动模型进行实现 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:本课程教学包括医学知识、诊断、医学技能、评价课程和评价 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	在印刷工业中 , 我们可以使用密度计量和控制点色墨 , 或者不当考虑印刷过程控制时 , 就会对印刷过程进行测量和控制 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在杨城三宝500kvehv传输线中 , 用固定的系列电容器来增加通过线传输的能量 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	卢西塔尼亚和泰坦尼常被认为是姐妹船 , 实际上属于两个独立的所有者 , 但错误是理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但是目前的h1n1流感真的很明显 , 人们已经通过流感病毒传给猪、土耳其和费尔特 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	随着我自己的愤怒者正在与格兰维尔的愤怒者在一天的记录中举行 , 试图从前一天的28只鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr83岁的比尔·盖茨现在是他的儿子30亿美元的菲律师 , 比尔·盖茨基金会的教练 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	这并不仅是开发人员 。 因为burb对timo'illy的开放标志着 , tim提到用户开源的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	上周地震后 , 北京仍然有十万人死亡 , 中国已经在上周的地震重建了第一个蓝印 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文提出了一种基于irdata的混合质量分析和光谱图书馆搜索的目标转换因子的方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	原因是 , 一个知识库具有结构和完整内容直接影响专家系统的发动速度和有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 液化剂量提高了液化温度、催化剂量、催化剂量和液化剂量 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了松华河水系统的冰自然性 , 耐冰性能 , 然后研究冰断裂器的推进性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	斯特拉普城市、州和联邦技术部已被云幕的快速旅游所引起的一些组织 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是一个孩子进入门户来买钱的卡片 , 为学校项目赚钱 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	大多数的小麦是否能从某些乳酸细菌的一定株株中吸取糖分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在规划经济时期 , 建立了一套生产区域和住宅单位 , 满足农村建设需要 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划还遇到了斯特恩的其他预订 , 为有效的绿色刺激了建筑效率和可再生能源的浓度 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 鲁迅是日本学生中最著名的中国作家 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单地讨论了敏捷方法学的特点 , 并与传统的软件开发方法相比 , 介绍了几种敏捷的方法mo 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%患者患者的症状减少 , 囊肿显著降低或消失 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统的操作简单、快速、稳定性 , 其维护方便 , 接口友好 , 有助于其流行化和应用 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国的学术和智能分析师一致认为中国进步的速度是经济和技术的 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔法亚thalassaemia是世界各地的遗传条件 , 尤其是非洲和东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍原发脑系统损伤ct标志的分类 , 探讨其在诊断和预后中的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验结果表明 , 该模型描述了piezoc陶瓷活动器的行为是有效的 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	在gtaw连接微结构中 , gtaw连接的低温影响强度优于智能联接的优点 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要在孩子和孙子周围的生活中心 , 寻找自己的社会圈子 , 这样 , 你就不会失望太多的期待 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	按照下列项目的绝对数量 , 应按照下列项目确定有效的有效调节的数量 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公众是建设和加强政府和服务面向政府的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 在圣地上做服务 , 祭司的圣服装 , 他的儿子的服装 , 到祭司办公室 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验分析了硅橡胶释放剂在室温下的表面处理时间的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾性分析30例盆腔功能适应的生物反馈疗法及护理护理资料 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引规律 , 由清晰、纯和集中思想组成的强大内容将开始吸引你的欲望的精神 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	重建心脏三维神经缺血的区域 , 从2维电子束ct中重建心肌缺血的心肌缺血 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	在前面的例子上 , 将x添加到脚本的开始和评论中 , 并执行它 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究旨在探讨咖啡因消费的食品频率仪器 , 以评价咖啡因摄入与肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用程序集成带来了多个应用程序和信息源 , 无需用户直接调用它们 , 关注应用程序与数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	全国气候变化最脆弱的国家 , 包括索马里 , 伯蒂 , 尼日利亚 , 埃利亚 , 阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润现在正在达到2007年的前提峰值 , 但增长和稳定市场的差异越来越明星 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	此外 , fda可以启动一个管理器回忆 , 如果机构确定一个被调制或错误的婴儿公式给人类健康带来的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	丁登是一位强烈的火车牌 , 一个带着巨大的记忆的人 , 他的光谱戏剧演员举行观众的观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行的风格界面 , 许多商业软件被使用 , 是从一个年轻的外国手中开始的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母超化疗法是严重溃疡性结肠炎患者的安全、有效的方法 , 提高患者的组织学 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水质控制的高质量技术解决方案相关 , 从水管到混合器 , 从传输到淋浴头和发音机 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构 , 提出了信息树的概念 , 并提出了一种新型的抗逆测量方法 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管痛苦 , 我会努力完善我的生活 , 不会对你们的爱情感不满意 , 不会对你们有10年的爱情感到不满意 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	查塔乌拉格拉戈蒂斯在法国花园的珍珠 , 由著名的阿里克拉奇一代的三兄弟圣诞生 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建课程设计的实现和管理体系 , 是系统地实现课程设计和培训综合应用人才的前提和保障 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	阿尔巴基斯现在将导致一个挑战 , 试图赢得个人机构 , 保证大多数需要批准该协议 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一名警察学院的演讲中 , 朱马亚说 , 南非最高的谋杀率之一 , 去年有180000人杀死率 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国的警方发现了92000多台ametametametamine桌子上的船舶 , 中国云南省和泰国港之间的距离 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	向非洲中部发送军队 , 直到穆斯基冲突的中部队是一个症状 , 干预者添加量越来越糟糕 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	测试结果证明 , qh4节省能源海岸装置具有显著的燃料 , 对任何路径条件下运动车辆的任何模型进行节省 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这种方法对clivus有点障碍 , 但是可以提供广泛的曝光 , 与两边矩阵的方法相结合 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三人意识到战争对天的胜利是战争的关键 , 从而改变了他们的刚性的年龄 , 自从开始以来 , 他们已经开始传播 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	cubic的模拟系统分部 , 基于orlando、生产和制造sest2000 , 其实际性和鲁棒的模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法的基本思路 , 为地面结构安排提供监管 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的规模远远大 , 许多美国人认识到 , 根源品牌改革并非暂时修复 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅会使社会财富增加 , 而且在合理收入分配制度的基础上 , 还将其分布在社会财富的基础上 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	在治疗250mpa压力下 , 阿帕格斯的新鲜时间达到了1824天 , 手术时间为15分钟 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	这是一个相似的塑料前面和橡胶纹理的小板 , 只有很少按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	因为我们的团队需要用户连接数据库 , 并建立多个jbos容器 , 我们使用面板来促进网站特定信息的用户 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 第一眼看起来 , 这些光和粒子的互动看起来像魔法一样 , 极性分子是量子光学的pinac 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个恶魔的国王克劳迪斯 , 正在为他父亲死亡的愤怒和妹妹打破哈姆勒特 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论我们可以通过观察病理大片的病理学观察到循环边缘渗透 , 应该是手术后常规检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	在地上 , 盐标志上没有残酷的 , 当喷气中爆炸出了一些远离普城市的尼佛机场 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国在战斗贫困和追求发展中经历了相似的经验 , 我们完全欣赏他们面临的艰难和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	清单1中显示了xml在线咖啡服务的xml模式的数据交换格式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题 , 据报道 , 一些美国媒体指责中国黑客进入五角洲网络 , 并对我们的战斗机喷射的信息进行编译 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 南非人口的平均人口只有9.2%的人口定义为白人 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海桶水果含量丰富 , 脂肪和碳水化合物 , 还有各种基本的维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	员工工作满意度可分别解出公司转向注意力 , 工作绩效率为49.38% , 58.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	欧文在那个年轻球员的表现中支付了一项表现 , 并且迫使罗伯托·阿布肯尼亚里从罗伯托·阿伯德里获得卓越的救助 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	20世纪早期的民间化记者出现了民间化记者 , 1920世纪20年代早期的发展 , 冲动是政治和经济体制的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用不同布局时间、血液化时间、洗涤时间对生物颜色荧光和流动细胞进行比较 , 并对其结果进行了比较 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	命运已经把我们的两个世界级目标抢劫 , 我们的灵感领导jt , 信息wingerarjenroben和影响中场乔科尔 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车和视频、tac机、智能仪、太阳能、电动、电力工具、军用应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	詹米·威尔逊说: " 只有一半小时才能帮助别人能够对你的生活和他们的生活有真正的区别 。
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	鉴于我们对公共卫生的责任 , 面对这样的情况的倾向官员总是对警惕的侧面错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在新兴市场和发展中国家的改革中增加了发展中国家的代表 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	安德 。 斯特拉德 。 斯特拉德 。 斯特拉德 。 斯特拉德 。 拉德 。
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对怀孕妇女的影响更紧张 , 更可能承认他们 , 但是孕妇的死亡率很高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	有趣的时候 , 我的朋友 , 一些笑话的计数为了有趣的事情 , 就像许多阿根廷电影一样 , 只有看到一位杰德的观众 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	当我们想要安装第六名物理学教授时 , 更多的抗力被遇到 , 然后作为董事长 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的是安全的版本 , 但是我不认为历史上有一个单独的案例 , 炸弹威胁被称为 " 炸弹 " 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这可能意味着不同的空间环境成员的事情 , 迈克海尔·莱布米诺夫说 , kgb退休的殖民地 , 一个著名的冷战间谍 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们还发现 , 男女工和女工的方法几乎没有差异 , 建议在薪水谈判中 , 女性的职业驱动女性只是 " 竞争性 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	它的软件肯定有 " 北美的正确联系 " , 丹尼罗说 , " 我们在欧洲和亚洲拥有我们的联系 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	天然的陶瓷 , 如洪水、热带的循环、扭转和潮汐的瓶子每年都发生在这里 , 有悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	利用ibmsphere变换器开发了soap<>cobol非xml变换器 , 以便在门户处理策略中执行消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	结论:nimodipine与音乐的形态变化对高可循环性icvd的影响较少 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际探索方法 , 利用地震波实现的地震波实现了周围岩稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	虽然该地区的森林有很多实践和政治困难 , 但它的利益可能是巨大的 , 超过碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 一些新闻:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等 , 从传统汉语的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻炼 , 润滑油泵喷雾 , 扩展齿轮寿命 , 保证长期打印染色彩精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	青明节 " 河景 " 的著名图片也将在中国馆里展现出来 , 以展示中国古城的魅力 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受的时候 , 这个知识的后果每次都是锻炼的 , 它的权力总是会导致它的困惑 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	基督徒相信 , 终结的意思 , 即使上帝的王国不足以理解任何可能导致伤害的人 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高能量的风洞试验 , 研究了矩形圆形变换和前身的超声波进口 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果mutanolysin和lsozyme能够成功地解决细菌墙 , 并从bifido细菌中提取血浆 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨腹腔镜治疗腹腔静脉动脉流动的疗效和安全性 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子膨胀阀的流动特性应适应超热增益 , 适应不同蒸发温度下的冷却流速 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	111岁和索罗门给赫尔姆2万只小麦作为家庭食物的小麦 , 除了2万个浴缸外 , 还有两千个浴缸的橄榄油 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定从2001年以来 , 在甘肃的基本教育项目下在甘肃举行的基本教育项目下发起一些缺陷的学生 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef的临床疗效和毒性作为当地先进乳腺癌治疗新型乳腺癌的临床疗效 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	加强医药业组织和协调 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步加强医药业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	这个喷气是可观的 , 一个在印度的工业颜色符号的一面 , 以庆祝国家独立的70年 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车、大型、小型货车、箱车、观察汽车、无论是私人汽车或公司汽车都是上海贷款 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了物理变化到触摸屏幕 , 触摸屏的技术也在移动设备上使用了新的软件交互 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择花椒酱、巧克力酱、草莓酱、菠萝酱、菠萝酱、芒果酱 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行业的发展面临着各种挑战 , 包括纤维多样化、企业在外世界和发展中国家的竞争 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	他们在氯塑膜结构、颜色蛋白质复杂、电子输送端口部件和照片合成功能方面非常不同 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	探讨改进型tatvp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 并对改进的融合蛋白质类型的效果进行研究 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了桩壁型大直径圆柱的稳定性对桩壁型的影响 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	你们的一些人可能没有任何事情 , 相信它还是没有 , 有数百万富翁和百万富翁之间 , 相对正常 , 钱意识的人 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	前军科伦塞尔在1969年在27岁的青年时期 , 已经完全改造了这个国家 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	斯蒂文·杰拉德今天拯救利物浦的德比日胜利 , 坚持红军正在减轻赢得最高的四场比赛的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了大规模细胞培养、环境控制、遗传技术和材料管理的一些方法 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	离开yi并不知道凯利亚 , 拖动了这个危险的话题 , 这并不好 , 请问一个用布鲁德品种来出错误的个性 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	据当地丹麦报道 , 利物浦正在歌唱ebjerg年轻的尼科尔特 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	桑德街18号法国信用农业银行 , 沙街60号南街 , 陌生人沟通是新古典的作品 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	大学思想政治思想政治工作的教育者是基层指挥官和教育者的思想和政治工作 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct电流变压器是使用amter、控制电路和保护继电器的仪器转换器 , 通常有5个ampere秒钟 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 就剩下几天 , 然后在一步的皮肤干燥的水果 , 议会层和所有都是从绿种子里扭转的 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声修正方法相比 , 在snr相对较低的时候 , 非线性配合中和后冲击响应函数更好 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	简介:小宝和母亲给女父亲付了自己的坟墓里的sb , 小宝突然陷入困难的洞 , 在回到10年之前 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务过程竞争力中心可以提供解决这些需求的中央存储库 , 并且在云中的它使得它容易得到访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	通过实验测量 , 计算结果表明 , 从实验测量中得到了降低规模模型的表面温度分布的结果相对一致 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	作为聚合物填料机的优化方向 , 降低聚合物产品成本 , 提高产品性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	10月28日 , 迈克尔·波兰在纽约时报杂志上发表的总统选举巴拉克奥巴马 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人民 , 质量第一 " 是我们的网络 , 金泽人将继续创造合作的产品 , 我们邀请你建立未来的依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:冠状折射器具有最好的抗蚀特性 , 所以在这窑中应用最适合于柱状 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 给我国市场带来机会和赌博 , 信用已成为限制社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在斯坦多夫期间 , 六艘美国战舰周围围围的海盗船 , 确保武器在挥发区域不采取其他地方 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	混合性质明显显显显显显显显显显显示出胎儿异常、水果设定日期、水果大小和颜色 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但是即使如果重量对气候变化的费用不完全回答 , 这是回答的重要部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有新型的结构 , 具有较强的耐用性 , 尤其适用于各种各样的货车类型的修复 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	来自刘安亚大西部地区的海啸 , 这些艾森是最严重的婴儿单位之一 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了该模型的抗摩擦和噪声减噪机制 , 进一步展示了这种新概念研究的方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左颈颈椎切除术治疗颈椎癌 , 部分颈椎切除术在上胸部的病变中表现为左颈椎切除术 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	缓慢预期的增长已经导致联邦储备的预计 , 可能会发射另一轮的债券购买来驱动长期借贷成本降低 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了山西地区土壤水分含量及其在路堤的动态和切削坡的动态 , 在蒙古沙漠表达道路上 , 研究了土壤水分含量及其动态 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会表示 , 今天美国大学教师任命的六十八个百分点都是调整的 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	本文介绍了智能电磁流量计、集成传感器、转换器和集成器的电磁流量计 , 并在此基础上展示 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	光明的部落代表了世界贸易中心的二号塔的失去 , 显示了五年前的许多记忆之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该对那些做严格错误的人进行重要工作 , 而且他们的态度仍然是坏的 , 他们应该被剥夺他们当前的排名和完美的网站 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制剂基因pten对人类膀胱转移癌细胞诱导的影响及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是博登尼 , 它的领导人一般是pica , 保护者 " 手机 " 每天都在读者对象节日点的更多信息 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	采用qcg系列传统的电机管道安装泵 , 处理清水或其他液体类似于物理和化学性能 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	由于人类的各种切割性切割性疾病 , 引起波音形心理病的不常规代理 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	通过对ootc法的物理实现问题 , 提出了降阶观测器重建外观系统状态 , 解决了ootc法的物理实现问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	针对粗集理论中的连续评价属性 , 提出了一种方法 , 通过强调分类可分离性的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	今年11月 , 空气防御系统显示了一项强调可部署、多功能武器的出口市场 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔子病人应保护安静的环境法院的加工 , 可以使用垃圾分子来减少患者的空间、瘫痪和疼痛 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 应该nilmar到达一个替代 , 沃尔夫斯堡可能愿意减少他们的价格 , 减少他们的收入 , 允许罗斯尼亚州警察 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动周期识别的并行混合电动车辆的自适应控制策略 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	作为信任研究的多学生互动的现状 , 逐渐提高 , 检查其哲学维度 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	霍萨因和他的同事们的长期研究表明 , 大坝在干旱或半干旱地区的极端沉淀模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿的苏联在后院的时候 , 美国的南美政策已经降低了重要性 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 两名德国代理人捕获了两个代码 , 英国情报失败了裂纹 , 声明的文件显示 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新的稳定添加剂 , 提高含有非基础的氮化物的fcc柴油燃料的颜色变化和沉积形成 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	净收入达到5400万美元 , 或每股40% , 从2007年第三季净收入下跌15100万美元 , 或11美元 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	虽然英语最受欢迎的字母 , 但它并不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时代主席阿瑟·苏尔伯格星期二下午 , 除了说 , 除了说 , 外 , 纽约时代主席阿瑟·苏尔伯格拒绝评论 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	wfms应用范围扩展和应用程序域扩展 , 成为客户的紧急需求 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指的部长进入大型的线圈里 , 很快从工人中间的一些污染物用水洗去各种成分的污染 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	另一方面 , mclennnnan觉得更多的控制 , 并说她喜欢她的前任工作的方面 , 尤其是金钱和机会 " 与岩星一起 " 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	由于我们每周花费了四十多小时的工作 , 对于你的健康和长寿来说 , 你的工作的地方就像有可能的好处 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	在使用odbc时 , 这是一个冗余的实践 , 作为应用程序的初始化 , odbc函数对数据库系统具有良好的稳定性 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在八年之后回到巴基斯坦 , 在卡拉奇的游行过程中自杀炸弹只有几个月 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分开糖尿病 , 给了半个地方药物 , 释放硝基因 , 一种药物提高血液中的hdl水平 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	好的 , 你可以伸展它 , 说一个工程的例子来改善人类健康的例子 , 但这比我要做的更多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者周一表示 , 亚洲和欧洲的投资者大幅下跌了643.76点 , 或超过5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是我从网上找到的恒星配置的一个线图 , 您更好地做这个很棒的环境检测 , 或者很容易结束 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 佛教思想的研究比其他人更少 , 尤其是达成秦启的内容和意义的研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的公司规定 , 鼓励美国的sarbanesoxley行动 , 其他措施设计清理公司行动的其他措施将会被刺激 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	你可以嵌入媒体来更好地说明自己的话题 , 为自己建立信用性 , 同时与其他人合作 , 以提高你的knol的时间 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	阐述了mvc2的创新思想 , 以及基于mvc2的访问控制管理系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史蒂尔接下来向cnnn宣布 , 利比亚的评论是独立的 , 丑陋的 , 促进利比亚对史蒂尔的能力导致党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更有可能参与城市娱乐中心、蒸汽黑客或公共池里的火水电池或一个火水电池 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	运用这些参考 , 我国应完成教育投资体系 , 为基本教育、加强教育机构等提供优先发展 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它袭击了岛屿 , 杀了两名民兵和两名民兵 , 因为南韩忽视警告不要在岛周围发出争议的水 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:基于整体战略实现创意思想的能力 , 可以从用户经验优化获得最佳结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 在超级机器人战争中 , 作者肯诺斯索诺克·苏莫拉还没有报道法律行动的报道 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着我国的战略和领导产业的发展 , 高科技产业吸引了很多fdi , fdi逐步成为我国高科技产业的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季度 , aol表示 , 它自己的成员在网站的网站中占36%独特的访问者 , 但产生了80%的页面观点 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但是最终我们决定把它跳过去 , 回到巴克赫 , 沿着我们的旅行者安贾和加入 , 还在探索城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	改变加利福尼亚宪法 , 直到48小时后 , 物理学家通知小鼠的父母或法律卫生 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	早期种子的大多数胚胎可能会发育到全球胚胎相位 , 因为异常核分部 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理教育应该教授职业知识 , 使独立思考和培养生命学习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总战争的特点将成为我们最新的发展的基础 , 并将全面的3d海军战争引入第一次的第一次 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生将能够使用这些知识和方法来搜索相关材料 , 并在未来遇到法律问题时找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论在角膜上皮下 , 应用物理和机械因素对大鼠骨髓病变的疗效满意 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	政治家们总是在初级时谈到人口崩溃 , 奥巴马先生实际上承诺自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	wi的设计模式在其它地方做出了相同的设计 , 减少你的发型选择是有限的一个颜色和三种风格的选择 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本论文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律集体的权利时 , 才能有效地保护自己的作品权利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	奥巴马总统同样的峰会上 , 奥巴马总统提供了强烈的流变学 , 但他面对国内反对提出的碳削减 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿在2008年民主提名中回来了几次 , 有时通过声音邮件来说 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践表明 , 希望实现、材料探索和今天的外部戏剧现象的展示 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	任何真正的平衡球员的输入信号将通过完全平衡 , 直到达到平衡的头电话输出连接器 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为 " 伊萨娜 " , 聚集世界大权和各种政治 , 美国认识中亚是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	目前英国哥伦比亚大学的英国哥伦比亚大学的gregorkiczals是英国哥伦比亚大学的 , 他在那里工作的软件模块研究 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型的帮助可能在工作、方向、交通或其他支持上完成工作的工作培训 , 以保留自己或她的职业 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	有一个场景 , 苏金终于去了她和永敏住的房子 , 终于包装了她所有的东西 , 并把钥匙放进邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元法对电导混凝土的外循环影响进行了分析 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp经理说 , 他们经常听到 " 反对者 " 如此 , " 波图斯 " 正在华盛顿短缺 " 美国总裁 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2美国认识到国际机构、外国政府及其它代表员工和他们的家庭成员的存在 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 由海关签署的相关进口声明形式 , 应当提交任何外汇交易的支付 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	本文以板体和壳体的经典理论为基础 , 采用二元有限元反应产量条件作为材料产量标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	中国与马来西亚和新加坡保持良好的经济贸易关系 , 三国是贸易合作伙伴的重要贸易伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	本月的专栏为ibm支持者提供了更深入的描述 , 包括最新的特点 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1例有利于煤炭甲烷散射 , 直接抑制甲烷吸附 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的图片显示了几十个小学玩笑和玩坏人体育厅内玩坏人体育厅 , 装备空气化系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	根据本发明的另一个实现 , 图5显示了脉冲宽度发电机的一个示例 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一条街道破坏后 , 只有东方的王府购物区 , 才创造了一条街道 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国国国议员投票回到纽西兰的各种博物馆的16名马里斯博物馆 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国正喜欢建立和平建设委员会更有效地协调和平、后冲突康复和发展的努力 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系的劳动关系 , 劳动关系调整劳动关系的劳动法律 , 应该是劳动关系的特殊性 , 更窄的劳动关系 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师做了这一点 , 他们会创造日本产品 , " 希特奥斯基解释说 , 他的主席帕纳森尼的海外操作 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	花椒素提供了许多水果和蔬菜的黑色颜色 , 比如蓝莓和红椒 , 他们是黑米的 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站说 , " 几乎地震的灾难导致墙壁崩溃 , 飞行玻璃 , 降落物体 。 "
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部大规模的景观范围主要由平原和高原组成 , 麦当尼尔附近的农村中心是一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的新闻 , 一个微型计算机锁定其他地板的门 , 并设置回收容器转换直到右键 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	干旱在干燥年类型下 , 早期水稻严重 , 其强度和时间超过正常年类型 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	大酒店拥有高级副总裁、销售和营销塔吉酒店的酒店和宫殿会晤的荣誉 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国很高兴宣布该协议与parizanbelgrade和zorantosic和admlajic的球员达成协议 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我走过发展中国家的时候 , 问自己是经济多样性的最大的单一解释 , 它落在这个领域 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前已完成了许多用于存储加载的项目外震框架 , 但对于这种框架的设计方法有很少的研究 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是利用天然气吸收式冷却器来实现夏季冬季冷却和冷却的热量 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	我的身体位置是我最终的 , 网球在我的脚趾和脚趾之间跟踪的网球 , 非常相似 , 你的接触点在实际上是什么 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	用扫描电子显微镜对l929细胞进行多孔壳聚糖膜和生物相容观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚洲大学的精神意味着不同时期的意义 , 但秦穆的诺贝文化总是在它中获得了 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	研究人员说 , 陶瓷是细胞膜中发现的一种脂肪 , 它们也作为身体应力反应的信号 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司建立了其现金水平达60.9亿美元 , 包括股权和其他投资3月 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据报道 , 今年8月 , 政治家和公众关注的官方工作失业率上升至9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例患者手术切除的临床病理诊断指标进行手术前检查 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然地理景观 , 由人类作为旅游资源开发 , 我们称它为旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角度:它变绿 , 因为soda水含碱 , 像soda水变成绿色 , 被称为碱性物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着舞蹈的发展 , 社会的开放 , 永久剧院在唐代出现 , 永久剧院变得越来越频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是脚板类型结构舒适而方便的 , 明显减少骑手的劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食物容易引起全面的感觉 , 通常会满足客户身体吸收的影响 , 满足护理的要求 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他从温州到美国9月21日逃离了15亿元债务 , 由于中国银行和个人债务人员 , 离开了15亿元债务 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震研究中心表示 , 地震中心大约有80公里的悉尼西南部80公里 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于拉开时 , 他的酒吧的皮尼斯和腹部组织被从身体上爬出来 , 他短暂死亡了 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属框架复合材料 " 广泛应用于石油、化学、药物、食品、储存、运输等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求程序tototools设置的语言必须适用于标准程序的标准程序标签 , 以提供程序tools设置 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	这个课程要求基本问题如何是自然量化的电荷 ? 为什么我们不能找到一个孤立磁性的北极或南极 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 2010年6月7日 , 巴拉塔利亚湾的路易斯安娜海岸的路易斯安娜海岸 , 一个死的涡轮浮动物 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论lukocytecd18水平和mpo增加 , 白细胞在大鼠岛平面重复灌注损伤中降低 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计要求150名高档参加阿富汗警察培训任务 , 进一步从主要地中海国家到达150名 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持说 , omc的实现是欧盟的现实选择 , 尽管欧盟不足以帮助欧盟实现健康保健整合 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	第五章包括vor的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们的背上 , 有限时间去走路 , 为什么在我们看到的时候 , 所有的神秘保护 , 从基本西亚的拉姆帕斯 ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	在10年以来的rgs进入了 , 大约有10个高产、高品质的稻米品种 , 给吉林省带来了巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类广告 , 两者都在印刷和网上看到什么可用的 , 特别是邻居 , 获得最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	近年来 , 墨西哥沙漠遥控地区的170席位boing727号的航空实验制造出了一个独特的航空实验 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我告诉法官们 , 我们通常必须在日常生活中跳到结论的自由 , 因为这项试验的目的 , 现在停止了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	这实际上是我在这里描述的一个平衡 , 它是通过parlalalalaltre的locus , 被指定为权力 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了fog成像的多分散模式 , 提出了基于图像bl程度的雾水含量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	由于具有良好的育种和遗传系统的昆虫 , 被认为是一种理想的模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机飞往500英尺的1 , 500英尺的飞机 , 修改了我的航空速度 , 让我高达500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者不要做出冲突决定 , 比如液体所有低风险政府债券 , 为了使绿色纸币只有一分钟 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的青年中 , 律法基斯基斯通常与他父亲的政治和宗教相撞 , 但是他也承认他的爸爸的承诺帮助贫穷和无家的贫困 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果 , 大多数的性能 , 城市可以从事实上采取心脏 , 即使10个男人给我们一个游戏 , 直到第二个进球 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该叫这些iphone类似 , 触摸屏幕wifi手机 , 音乐和视频 , 真正的web浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 传感器 , 上面 , 应用程序存储 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果自动旋转km-5000d微机系统包括三个部分:微切割系统、双电子动态装置和控制面板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方作品的印象 , 盖茨基金会决定采用预防和出口模式 , 并在12个省复制它 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管美国的错误 , 英国本月早些时候将加入法国、德国、德国和意大利 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	但另一方面 , 由多国公司带来的商贸贸易和产业贸易的增加 , fdi对贸易有积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动图表将显示投资者如何在购买更多的微软选项时 , 或持有更少的中国股票 , 或短短的油价 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和他们的病人一直担心由于新英国新英格兰医学杂志的冶金分析报告的心血管安全性 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	一些昆虫物种包括啤酒和凯特尼德德斯在攻击时活跃出血 , 但采取这种极端措施的好处并不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民用应用方面的广泛应用 , 并介绍了其应用实例 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 给出了重量、重量水泥和混凝土厚度的参考 , 最后的厚度将准确计算 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	星期二能源价格简单 , 油价每桶134.01美元 , 汽油价格达4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	官员说 , 尽管它的所有者缺乏六个需要许可证 , 但它在国有的国家财产全面运行了三年以上的国家财产 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国的平均人来说 , 他们希望从那些国家中找到某些东西 , 我们可以从潜在的绝望或歧视我们可能得到奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州长在六月份宣布第三个星期日 , 梅德维夫人在心中超过了人们 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	据世界领导的国际卫生组织报道 , 今天呼吁联合行动加快联合行动的发展和认可 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面对南方捕捉最好的观点 , 扫过2.5米以防止玻璃到下面的房间 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	设计您的线程安全类 , 允许它在多线程应用程序中使用 , 作为非线程安全类 , 但是更高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	1979年至199年 , 美国生产力大幅增长 , 每年增长1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是 , 研究人员建议如果减弱趋势 , 即使在六月到九月的夏季蒙索逊月期间 , 就会有更严重的循环 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 本文以南东省海河的更新和转型为例 , 分析了其背景和课程的经验 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气通过传统真空注射器的同一大面积 , 所以它的大型缺陷是高压空气消耗 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	民主党如霍耶尔先生指责布什政府的赤字大程度上 , 继承预算过剩 , 但留下了缺陷的办公室 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了在公共网上出现的sparql端点外 , 其他人在火墙后面出现消防墙 , 以缓解企业数据的查询 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据《时报》报道 , 陈布莱尔的妻子切丽·布莱尔在20年代中期是一名火车律师的画家 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	在距离战斗期间 , 战斗者从未出现过形状或暴力运行 , 但两者都倾向于在12周围的一半左右 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	此结果可以通过数值显示 , 通过在开发的软件中直接看到的软件 , 此外工作界面很容易用于工人使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	现在您可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员验证 , 以使用您的管理员用户 , 留下wps服务器id只使用服务器过程 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvclist模型作为一个例子 , 但您可以应用丰富的web应用程序背景到任何模型和页面设计方法 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能导致平均匹配的收入 , 同时 , 许多俱乐部持续好 , 还有很多俱乐部冻结或减少票价 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视台上 , 一位新闻记者表示 , 副总统在历史上拥有最大的竞选战争 , 因此奥德森最喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的双向性能 , 设计了一种双向高精度的高精度控制器 , 具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	虽然fdfseries是美国去年销售汽车的最佳汽车 , 但在2010年最高的十个列表中有六个外国拥有的模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 一个傻瓜不开放鸡蛋或是在释放鸡蛋后释放 , 流体肿胀 , 形成卵巢 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们就像其他公司一样竞争 , " 公平场 , 康纳 , 最近在网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	他面对法国的一项调查 , 他在2003年的性感袭击了一名年轻的小说家 , 并且在纽约的一名民事服装 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适性最佳 , 凝聚的风险比平板操作的时候更低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的是 , 他和他的妻子每月收到约600元 ; 在繁忙的时候 , 当产量跑到2点时 , 他们可以每次回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和鼓励下扔几句话 , 信心 , 爱 , 抱怨 , 但是除非你对他们行动 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论在尼日利亚男子被逮捕在北空军飞行界的小爆炸 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队已经试图在过去的许多 " 偶像 " 风格选择展示 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们看到他们是非常相似的事情 , " 28岁的助理教授伊里克说 , 指数学和艺术 , " 他们都是创意的过程 。
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的运动提高了预算和税收政策 , 他可能试图显示反对党成员的合作 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一个taper公司把我拿到a/c的样本发送给我 , 我不喜欢样本 , 然后我将样本发送到a/c公司 , 现在我们正在做好好好的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	比较35例rti与血锌价值的关系 , 对40例无rti患者的血液锌价值进行比较 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择它之后 , 主题将找到银狮: " 破碎的腿 , 我将能躺在床上看电视 , 无罪 。
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文以宁波为对象 , 对目前科学技术资源的现状进行了详细的研究和探索 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	在交通事故的损失 , 由非摩托车驾驶员或行车行驶员引起的损失 , 运动车辆的驱动员不应承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金包装者 " 计划 , 广泛应用于政府补贴新的车辆购买旧的能源工程车辆 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	本文讨论了双共振参数振荡的阈值条件 , 当信号光的吸收系数不同时 , 采用双共振参数振荡的阈值条件 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人访问外国 , 甚至访问香港 , 我国的一部分 , 很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	2007年8月15日 , 全国委内瑞拉总统胡戈·查兹外面建筑的巨大的不可移动数字 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	通过计算机模拟方法对gww电接触材料的电阻率、w组分和孔隙的影响进行了研究 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰和美学的传统装饰和美学的约定 , 所以它被称为 " 汉语 " 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	路透洛杉矶的城市里 , 路透洛杉矶到华盛顿 , 作为抗war抗议者一起阻止了主要的交通 , 有些连接在一起 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为多计算机组成的下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它通过异步序列端口交换命令和数据 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的要求越来越重要 , 更重要的是微波传输设备的性能包括coplpler、分割器 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	徐子的历史观 , 神与道之间的关系不仅具有逻辑一致性 , 而且在不同历史时期的关系也有丰富的和多样的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许chiquita与客户请求的颜色交付香蕉 , 这些颜色都会在9点尺寸从绿色到深黄色上下降 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在这里 , 在一个网站上 , 一旦花费核燃料棒 , 建立了一个独特的纺织厂 , 为汽车身体建设行业提供了一个独特的纺织工厂 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	同时也证明了一种高度生殖性的高度 , tcb是一种非侵入性、简单、方便的监测和屏幕设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	千英尺地下 , 水晶洞穴只是一系列闪烁的洞穴之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	kopeckweage表现主要表现在击中概率 , 在赛季中赛季的比赛中 , 比赛kopeck拍摄平均只有36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	由于最小侵入手术仍然是 " 主要手术 , 例如心脏攻击、卒中甚至死亡的普通并发症都很少 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	建江 , 深建县位于清初时期 , 佛教名为香港 , 是新安艺术学院的首席领 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了纳米胶囊制备的木材材料的知识化热调节原理 , 建立了理想的热吸热模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理、校正 , 建立我们的目标的最佳产品 , 满足客户的质量程序 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山大金矿是我国第一硬岩矿 , 采用了机械上升的水平滑片停止填充方法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	用户提供的同一密码 , 同样加密算法 , 同样加密算法和相同的cipher模式 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	选举了这部电影 , 由比尔伯龙美国8个世界级旅行者 , 8个外国国家 , 总部万纳比和一支包包 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	针对曲线形式的逆向拱形弯曲 , 轻轻地传递 , 连续玻璃包装和高雅环境 。
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	本文阐述了宝钢家电器的制冷钢的进展 , 并提出了生产质量、品种和问题的建议 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	五十世纪早期的工艺运动 , 拒绝整个机构 , 试图通过强调机器和电影来解决当代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	劳动合同制度的前一部分 , " 劳动合同制度办公室和注意到许多问题 , " 劳动合同可能为合同有效的时间提供有效的合同 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品、个人数字辅助、观看钟、各种仪器、办公机械、计算机、汽车、汽车电玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	它的原本意义是 , 狐狸借给了其他动物的狂热 , 它的意义是由某人影响的虚拟而导致人们 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马高血压大鼠心脏保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	实例 , 建立了水电工程 , 为铝电解厂需要的电量提供了大量的电力 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	它是用来吸烟烟烟叶和烟雾暴露量的木材 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们重点研究了基于多层分区策略的指标和搜索者设计的指标分区策略 , 提出了一种新的指标分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨胃运动对大脑功能活动的影响 , 比较血流变化前后的rpd恢复后血流变化 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	提出了多变量预测极分配自调控制回收算法的稳定性和全局收敛性能分析 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种制造平板热管的方法 , 该方法包括以下步骤:提供上盖板和下盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	那庙的主要建筑是大厦大厦、超大厅、钟塔、脚本的 " 夜铃 " , 第一层地图 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于沥青混凝土材料的温度依赖于自然 , 测量的反射 , 因此该材料的结构能力与温度不同 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年吴丽在国内外地位和国际地位的战略目标进行战略目标 , 为制定人口合理的规模奠定了依据 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	采用ammonia合成气 , 可以直接制备脂肪催化氮的催化剂 , 而非纯氢气 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	另外 , 学者认为 , 它的基本意识是通过对浅层皮肤夹具的边界感官经验的特殊性 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 该系统可以使用软件或硬件处理紧急情况 , 例如给出异常、电力、停止电荷、停止放电等警报 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是经济适应经济的重要手段 , 税收管理的安排可以大大地影响非稳定企业的发展 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	根据liftport说 , 如果利比昂被严重的话 , 最高的顶部将会燃烧在大气中 , 底部会燃烧到地面 " 地面 " 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	在德国核反应堆的核反应堆中心合作之前 , 这个展示是由于德国核反应堆最终会关闭的 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	应用隐喻理论、家庭道德体系和当代美国政治学研究总统竞选演讲的两个意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	内部人士指出 , 两家公司现在将在更低的利润销售 , 预期市场份额 , 并依靠高盈比赛的应用 , 获得利益 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 世界上最快的疾病负担之一 , 今天 , 许多地区的病例被报告在许多地区的病例中 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫莫菲利亚社会的一项调查显示 , 关心时期的70%的受访者在1645岁的女性中发表了gp 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会遇到xml数据转换为xhtml数据的任务 , 以提供吸引性、互动性和可用的移动用户和各种浏览器的接口 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	正确的顾问可以帮助你建立固体的基础 , 以及在你打开你的门前 , 这样你就可以帮助你建立一个可靠的基础 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢现在的洋葱 , " 这个洋葱 , 被一些nasa工程师描述为 " 史蒂罗ido " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	工作进入wee小时完全失败工作平衡 , 导致你失去与爱人一起的时间 , 通常不超过 , 导致你失去睡眠的时间 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在库尔德兰传奇中 , 节日庆祝库尔德的交付 , 被视为库尔德的另一途径 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	第一类乘客可以直接为同样的价格 , 为了免费的旅客 , 教练乘客支付6美元的通道冲浪 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动力比越南这样的地方更昂贵 , 为什么我们还在制造更便宜的国家呢 ?
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 采用注射根桩、非滑桩、非滑桩、锚杆等各种加固方案进行比较 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是他的辞职很可能接受 , 但是没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫官员告诉金融时报告说 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文综合应用多尺寸小波分解和sssan操作符 , 然后快速获得特征点的位置 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	根据一项新的研究对象 , 一个 " 坏苹果 " 可以传播负面行为 , 像病毒带来办公室友或毁灭良好的团队 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 所有产品开发能力 , " 日本第三届社交网络运营商的首席执行官yoshikazatanaka " 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还发出了这张照片 , 并告诉我关于照片 , 或者 " 妈妈 " , 大多数年轻的海地妇女都叫他们自己的家庭 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	在这里 , 我想要警告所有的亲戚 , 接近我 , 这些服务将使用所有的手段来捕捉并且试图杀死我 , 社交或专业的我 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	但很快关注雨林的转移 , 比如气候变化和有机农业等问题 , 亚马逊在1980年代消失了大约一样的速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	该公司表示 , 由于可编程逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利的部门 , 由于gros边界65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第十四条政府可能需要通信企业采取必要的应急措施 , 用于自然灾害事件或紧急事件的公共利益 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他把注意力集中在该公司已经允许用户通过音乐播放器应用程序和类似的网站上进行音乐学家页面 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生找到了全职的工作 , 他的妻子拿了一份时间工作 , 看着家里两个孩子 , 女儿和他们的儿子刘锦俊 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	由于他负责接受战争纪念物馆捐赠的战争纪念物馆的战争纪念碑 , 说 , 没有人知道谁是dtuan 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	有一个全球文件更新意味着头痛的更新 , 只要记住在添加或删除用户时更新它 , 然后将它推出到所有的箱子上 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	根据关键字我们的客户建议 , 我们购买了几个关键字丰富url , 因为任何地方从100美元到4000美元的url 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何从websphere环境中获取信息 , 但是如何将信息推到监控工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	本文重点建立了一种合理的数据结构 , 实现固体建模的基本功能 , 如转动、动态、潘和部分视图等 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	81岁的弗莱斯·环 , 81岁的科罗拉多 , 看到了丹佛投资足球场的最后一个区域的演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	沃尔夫兰的一个开发特别激动的是使用wlframalpha的能力来理解和计算自然语言查询来创建数学程序 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一个年轻的结婚女士 , 在一个孤立的农场上工作 , 有一天 , 她突然感觉到自己的技能的沟通 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者预计每周在工作文化、接触、接触、编写应用程序和学习专业协会上花6090分钟 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经移动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军舰和一艘船舶的检索操作 , 乔布姆说正在在120英里半径运行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	卡卡萨斯 , 委内瑞拉 , 一个飞机在东部的委内瑞拉 , 官员说 , 至少有14人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	全国证明当局正在寻求7590名美国50名50名美国、40名马来西亚人和3470名英国人 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好的看起来 , 一个女子的机会被认为是 " 男人 " , 沿着科罗拉多丹佛商学院学习的学习 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安德里亚·皮尔洛早期被防御墙的防御墙所带来的自由基础上 , 而清晰的种子和csp都有半机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京的第一个记录是北京的第一个记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	据世界新闻报道 , 英国王子威廉将于2012年结婚他的长期女朋友凯特·米德尔顿 , 在伦敦奥运会的埃及 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件文件设置使用inotes6.ntf模板时 , 它继承这个模板中的所有设计元素 , 并继承共享形式文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 用两步法制备的苯丙烯塑料大多数用htma法制备 , 该方法将释放氨基从htma上释放出铜或铜部件 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是石油的封闭铁路是高度依赖的 , 其中包括纤维勒蟹 , 饮食稳定 , 现在他们就会在这里去 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	" 政府说 , 所有的事情都很好 , " 圣彼得堡的俄罗斯援助组织的领导人艾滋病组织说 。
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们已经发现 , 没有药物的药物被撕裂 , " a线平台 " , 解释的药物部副部长阿尔·普森说 , " 这不仅是主要的药物 。
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	研究结果表明 , 三磷瘤koniggitr6和saccharyscesces-visiacb2具有良好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定2008年1月至2009年2月艾滋病艾滋病患者的cd4测试完成率 , 综述了所有临床病人的记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	在我国采取准确的刑罚任务是一个很难的任务 , 那些在农村的官方地址留下了数百万的移民工人 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳市地铁车辆通信控制系统的基础 , 提出了地铁车辆的实现原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	改进的malachite绿色法利用malachite绿色染色和molybdate , 形成了一个稳定的色彩复杂的有机磷酸盐 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页的论文总长度为120多名学校委员会授予的医生 , 三分之二没有证明圣经图 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	据报道 , 澳大利亚和美国科学家昨天在一份报告中发现 , 那些年轻的爸爸、澳大利亚和美国的孩子的父亲可能更少智力 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	建立了wmtc测试循环的评价标准 , 采用ftp、ece等排放测试周期的ride特性 , 研究了wmtc测试周期的ride特性及其差异 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	伊琳长的原创是女性叙事的 , 它是由作家的性别决定的 , 并展示了女性解剖肿瘤学家 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁防范设备的新型机理、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一个来源 , 我们可以找到来自白贤的个人生活经验、宗教情感和对外文学遗产的影响 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的放射图学检查显示在对照组中有很多原因 , 经过4周后 , 观察结果显示了两组新骨轨道障碍的大量 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	沃尔斯哈德里尔说: " 所有的毛茸都从灯笼里扔出来 , 所有的橡胶扔下了堆积和化合物 , 就像在一个封闭的罐子里 。 "
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	设计了50l小说生物反应器名为fus50l , 根据该原理开发了数据采集系统和生产规模 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	利用2007年版本研究版本的营养资料系统 , 利用饮食膳食饮食饮食量监测 , 并通过测量回收猪肉的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scorpio伙伴关系的数据 , 其他通用银行的股份比较低 , hsbc的私人银行只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据popsugar报道 , 我们将于今天2月22日在奥斯卡举行红地毯 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后提出了相应的通信倾向、上下文和低文通信 , 对解释活动的影响很大 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和凯罗在索纳塔的同样角色 , 在18世纪的钢琴索纳塔格式与仪器的奥巴利塔相同 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	布莱利亚特、偶像性和智慧 , 他在传统共和党亚利桑那赢得了选举 , 成功成为一个活跃主义、进步的州长 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	科勒被印象深刻 , 认为它可能在眼睛操作中有用 , 两个月后 , 首先在动物上 , 然后他自己的眼睛完全成功 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	方法对50型糖尿病2型糖尿病患者和30例健康对照组的诊断价值进行检测 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 这些障碍的影子每天晚上都照顾着每一次的事情 , 就像在宫殿墙上的法庭美丽一样 。
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过对非封闭载体的基本特点进行分析 , 阐述了海事诉讼责任的鉴别及其限制 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和我第二个兄弟去阿哈米德堡时 , 一些热情的朋友通过打印和发布 , 让我发表一份副本 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当企业提交企业收入税收入时 , 金融声明和其他相关资料应依照相关规定附加 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些结果表明 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是某些先天性畸形的重要地位因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几项研究表明 , 低和中层执行官显示许多应激症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、张力、负担等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚天然鸡肉和棕米干猫和厨房食品只有五个纯纯纯、简单的成分 , 以满足特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	本片提名了柏林金正1999年的奖项 , 但对美国最终有强大的实际力量电影的红色击败了美国的 " 红色 " 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型具有较高的预测能力 , 显示了可实现的方法预测短期区域气候 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	抗war地壳带来了数千名反击示威者 , 其中包括2 , 000名在密西西西西西西西比州的国务院 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检测中心位于该省承载产品质量检测的任务 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	在埃及的hieroglyphs寺里 , 这个条约的全文文本都是在耶和华的寺庙里的 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据武家沟大坝拱坝的设计 , 阐述了井坝的特殊问题和解决方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	室内试验得到的坝材料的可信动态参数是地震破坏坝动态分析精度的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验来确定安德鲁德市场是苹果苹果商店 , 或者探索许多特点和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	本文研究了两缸同步的液压系统 , 精确定向 , 设计了满足要求的同步系统的同步系统 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	该指数的年度增长率仍在负23.9%左右 , 上周的数据从负面24.1%修正了较高的负面增长率 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、线、丝、毛、毛巾、合成纤维、混合、服装、婴儿等类型服装和清洗 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后提出了一种基于多空间数据的数据访问数据的组织框架 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索并解决adsl线故障时 , 我们介绍了一种adsl故障检测ing仪器的adsl故障 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	在快速交换过程平衡后 , 通过微分动力学方程来处理缓慢交换过程 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	地形是由美国航天卫星的先进空气热排放和反射射辐射器收集的数字化数据 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种关闭式环境风引导装置 , 属于能源电厂技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	海徽是一种老时代的相互援助 , 传播必要的基金 , 它总是组织在金属和邻居之间 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨脑镜改性腹腔切除术中的手术指标、手术方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在根源指导下 , 著名的煤炭专利火灾制造公司聘请人才的机械和工程师 , 继续创新燃烧开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	上赛季 , 利物浦的第二个字符串在利物浦上赛季的利物浦冠军中是一名关键的球员 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	地板无尽地延伸 , 所有的叶子都离开颜色 , 泥绿色和褐色 , 融合着天空 , 融合到一个遥远的灰色无处 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	体育馆复杂是北京和周围地区建设的大型体育设施之一 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是 , khan先生被打击不平等性引起的新罕默斯破坏了山蒂镇 , 以及部落政治的增长 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国的食品安全分析机构和一些名叫警告项目称南索马里南部的消息显示 , 南方索马里的消息越来越糟糕 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	减少eobject的脚印实现的焦点也是值得注意的 , 有些客户使用它来达到60%的减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc说 , 在过去四十年里 , 法国阿尔卑斯州立大学的科学家们发现 , 冰川已经失去了四分之一的地区 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样、统计意义的基础 , 将帮助你理解什么可能 , 更好了解和解结果意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国冠王子 。 皇帝威廉二世的儿子 , 他在维登战斗中命令军队 , 重新宣布了世界大战的冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	web页面必须在b/s模型基于b/s模型的桥梁卫生监测系统中显示大量实时数据 , 结果经常更新页面 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新网站混凝土表面 , 时用塑料保温材料覆盖的塑料和保温材料 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在本地论文中 , 肯德里德的报纸托尼·托尼·波特里德的报纸中 , " 医生关闭药品销售的医生 。 "
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们的前锋米卡尔·福塞尔提醒我们 , 他可以在开幕的季度里做什么 , 布鲁斯很高兴让他带领了伯明翰线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	采用先进的二路卡车阀系统 , 进口的电泵泵技术 , 实现双闭环控制压力和流速控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	根据mcgs配置软件和siemenss7200系列可编程逻辑控制器 , 介绍了机械臂控制系统的设计和配置过程 。
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素分泌在胰岛素的部分叫做龙山的缺血是一个复杂的过程 , 如果它失败正确的诱导糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	林山岭岭山大佛位于大岭山南小岭岭山地区 , 武西 , 江苏省 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这就是我为什么选择 " 美国学校 " 公民教育 , 作为我研究领域的研究方法 , 采用文学收集和比较方法 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节上 , 米米米米热和达wyanewade将在克莱维兰队员和莱布伦詹姆斯队的两名年轻球员的比赛中获得比赛 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这是为什么web设计师 , 他们的密切课程 , 禁忌 , 头部和狐狸设计师 , 可以为一个好的web页面头提供50美元 , 更为完整的设置 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	本文通过对动力学技术应用条件和解决问题的研究 , 提出了解决问题的参考 , 可在武术中应用动力学技术 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 企业人力资本的价值主要来自会计角度测量 , 专门评估人力资本的价值很少 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文提出的算法 , 将信任区域方法归纳为限制简单的分解算法 , 以解决rsd的主要问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	葡萄牙岛是烹饪岛屿 , 或者太平洋岛屿最受全球变暖威胁的威胁 , 他们很快就会失踪 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳电子技术有限公司是一家专业led制造商r&d、生产、销售、销售、服务于2006年创建的专业领域 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥·费德南德将错过中产阶段的访问 , 周一在布里塔尼亚体育场的后空中遭受了一场热情的空间 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	范戈赫在1887年在巴黎画了 " 草地 " , 它挂在克罗勒默尔博物馆的荷兰东部城市 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目标是确定15名超重男性葡萄糖耐药的急性咖啡、氯酸和三角素对葡萄糖耐药的影响 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际观点来看 , 消费者价值的福利 , 因此更好的市场访问可以通过生产商确保他们的福利 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	格林斯潘先生保持着中国和其他因素在全球范围内的发展 , 不仅在美国贡献的房地产繁荣 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	本文根据工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群的一种新型的空间经济体系 , 不同于市场和层次体系 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在把她的甜蜜折叠起来 , 滑进湖的底层:那么愚蠢的 , 我最亲爱的、你和你一起走进我身上 , 倒在我身上 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 格雷尔先生的移动都会增加奥巴马先生的机会 , 通过国会提高他的自由能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年新兰为我参加了一家纸灯制造商 , 在最近一轮的南京的孔子庙里 , 就会见了他同样的事情 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	那些美丽的承诺 , 那些甜蜜的笑容 , 像阳光一样温暖 , 慢慢慢地冻结了我的右手中间的曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先的反向是一种高级优先任务阻塞的现象 , 因为它们在实时系统中使用同样的共享源 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 利用计算机数值控制和位置跟踪误差误差 , 计算出了计算机数值控制和位置跟踪误差 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	通过利用废弃的挖掘材料和整体建筑网站分配 , 实现了狭窄区域的理性布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强学生培养的实践教学 , 重视学生培养的思想和创新能力 , 取得了最大的成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度变化对热带传热模式的影响较大 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福志的解释毫无疑问地从天和地球到儒家人文关注的时候 , 庄子的小雅从现实中降解 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些更大的浓度具有制备蓝钛高挥发性和爆炸性的不幸副作用 , 使得晶体非常危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司对其他婚礼摄影师进行图像处理 , 同时也教他们使用光室2 , 这样他们可以节省时间和钱处理更小的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了辣椒混合物的组织培养及其dna水平 , 并探讨了组织产生的现象变化规律 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	它的大学成立于575年 , 是一项研究理论、科学和医学的研究中心 。 人口04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	我临床试验表明 , 米夫210对健康志愿者有很好的口服生物可用性 , 实现高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	采用30种不同类型的稻米品种和混合品种 , 研究了大麦产量与ratoon作物的相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	采用中心表示理论和正常形式图法对地图的局部编码两个分布进行了分析 , 分析了其与hopfitfork的相关性 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	印尼西亚海啸恢复局的银行员工表示 , 基于社区的重建是自然灾害反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 马西安的父亲mamazishan说 , 一个挣扎农民的景观植物和树木在繁忙的城市中使用 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指数或主要键字段来选择q应用程序的关键列 , 以确定复制行和正确订单交易 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	然而 , 伟大的灵魂已经拒绝了神圣的自然 , 奥贾娜 , 渲染的服务 , 让我知道我成为所有创造的原因 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能源机构宣布日本已添加了第三个植物 , 因为辐射在墙外被检测 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出的 " 现状 " 不仅是思考明宗的发展阶段 , 也是他对理论基础的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	扬ovchomsky指出 , 天然气供应的多样化也增加 , 使天然气出口的实现变得更灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统的安装和操作方便 , 但由于有限的能力 , 但不能满足大规模泡沫项目的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	由于让他的明星球员力量移动 , 费格森提醒了罗尼老板在加拿大、罗西、科恩和大卫贝克汉姆的教训 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	对于约翰f.弗和罗伯特·肯尼迪的故事在1969年结束时 , 泰迪现在被看到的是肯尼迪的男人 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣在天上之前 , 为自己提供祭祀 , 没有追求自己的幸福 , 但对于人类的益处而言 , 耶稣为自己提供了牺牲 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社会责任可以帮助增加客户的满意性 ? 如果这样 , 那么 , 机制是什么重要 ? 这项研究是解决这些问题的 。
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利切菲尔德说 , 今年1月他警告了这个问题的oracle , 希望该公司在一月发布了一组四分之一的安全页面 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	几百万 , 就像他最初建议的那样 , 门户会有10%的财富 。 所以 , 更像数百万 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 玩家 " 杂志创始人hghhhhefner表示 , 他正在考虑结婚女朋友结晶哈里斯 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	分析了目标运动的运动模型及动力杀车的约束 , 并给出了轨道转移的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金南也是春城的著名城市 , 大量的太阳水流下北 , 城市地区的喷涌 , 形成了许多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两眼 , 让他们欢迎他们 , 是善于他们 , 照顾他们 , 所以他们的心都表示了他们的妹妹们在青年里做过的邪恶 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们处于危险的时候 , 还是在山谷或山区 , 甚至通过信号非常糟糕 , 警察可以知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	每天重复生活后 , 我们用自己的小头来适合许多概念 , 意义 , 公式...但这是充满痛苦和泪水的背后 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	巴菲特在中国所有的出现中重复出现 , 是通过辞职斯坦福德 , 试图在音乐里做出同样的事情 , 他正在做同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	这个值可能是不同的依赖于电线的制造商和室内温度的 , 因此我们建议您根据您的特定要求计算值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	吸收和散射红外的吸烟屏幕 , 严重的引导头能量 , 然后降低导弹射击的概率 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文重点研究了基于骨骼图形的小集合字符识别 , 定义了一组孤立的分离分支、分离环和组件的关系 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被视为现代艺术的重要人物 , 是由于他的智能绘画理论的首席领导人 , 由于他对现代艺术作出了巨大的贡献 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	北京佛罗斯特和苏利凡的首席顾问王元泉告诉说 , 宣布不会太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正在感受中国的竞争热情 , 其经济正在迅速经历了三年以来最快的增长 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高层建筑中沉降差异的原因及预防措施 , 指出了其特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我在未来两年里没有看到改变任何事情 , " 卡尔菲的沃尔丁·克里克工作的50岁的个人投资者约翰·交易说 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾经见过的最伟大的老师 , 没有可见的努力 , 让学生们看起来像个愚蠢的、社会对话 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	扫描4提供了一组熟悉的角色 , 穿着恐怖的电影设置 , 并把自我参考的一线线作为身体数字 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另一方面的声明表明 , 更多的政府进程 , 更好的是 , 人们确信人们在广播时看到进程 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到24月24日 , 当美国空军向波明律师颁奖kcx竞赛的时候 , 埃德出现了强大的机会 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些人是新传统媒体的大师 , 有些是宗教领导人 , 一些政府的官员是有能力的全球影响力的 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师建议小心使用表达总线快速传输-最便宜的公共交通选项 , 增加了自行车列表和行业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个老的系统可能会存储 " 狗 " 的术语 , 更广泛的 " 哺乳 " , 更窄的 " 达希德 " 或 " bldog " 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在丁谦眼中 , 吴明高 , 帅青 , 小心地讲话 , 接受强壮、快速思考、实践努力 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	此外 , 从未验证的用户输入中构建的连接字符串可以导致字符串注射攻击、jeopard化安全 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着辩论的继续 , 唐金先生需要把握事实 , 尤其是在美国 , 普通人在1970年代以来看到他们的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎您的朋友学校社区 , 并且由所有学生的尊敬显然是一个非常成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是从你的工资中付出自己 , 然后支付你的信用者 。 在那个行动中 , 你告诉宇宙值得和价值更多 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建设下 , 矿石被估计包含40万吨铜和4600万盎司的铜 , 应该在2012年开始运营 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	结果 , 德罗斯·罗斯兹童年4月28日在太平洋的史诗旅程中设立了他的发射日期 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 用新谷蛋白改变淋巴细胞 , 乳腺宏观形成的胆囊率和胆囊指数可增加 , 可提高淋巴细胞的变化 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还指出 , 当寻求解决问题的时候 , 应该给予朝鲜半岛的核化 , 并对dprk的安全关注 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:采用家庭动态问卷法测定221例抑郁症患者和178例正常对照组 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要的业务利润是负责、股东和用户的一项重要指标 , 其真实性是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	针对ssh6700光总线地板的第一交叉成员的破裂现象进行了分析和探索 , 提出了三种结构改进方案 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了水源绿色空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保水源绿色空间的需求和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业生的研究 , 他们可以获得更高的公务员或政治部门成员的机会 , 获得高薪资 , 获得更高的社会地位 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	作家的眼睛是美丽的 , 还有几代世界生活 , 解释了许多努力的努力 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 许多研究人员发现 , 社会科学主要的管理成功比有技术培训或专业课程的人更大 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临着从市场和银行的复杂限制 , 导致银行贷款、难以提高工作资金的缺陷 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	通过实验和创新 , 介绍了废弃碱液不完全分离的解决方案 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的休闲角落 , 黑布艺术地灯是蒂宁和珊瑚的单个人sofa和脚步 , 让个人有休息的地方 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽安·莱恩特·雪登:希望你可以建立一个国际jci标准医院 , 让所有的母亲和孩子在中国可以最好的医疗保健和世界同一步 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计将克服psveindhoven在30季度最后一次领导后 , 这将提供切尔西的机会 , 最终与merseysiders一起 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会应由三个或五个人组成 , 执行官任命 , 以及拍卖人和调查人员参加海事法院 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	瑜伽借给巴黎后 , 塞尔吉奥·伯纳多·阿尔蒙 , 另一位bianconero左转到巴黎 , 这是年轻的西班牙球员yagosilva平等 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的六十六届会议的第六届会议使整个和谐文化建设成为当前和谐文化建设的一系列完整的安排 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为此 , 使用该发现实用程序来定位并评估您在今天的时间期间访问或更改的所有文件 。 昨天 , 或者在过去的日期或分段 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据北京龙口矿业公司的潜艇软岩支护工程 , 提出了利用usteel支护和路径互动的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用tpan蓝色染色试验、7690徐荧光染色染色及传输电镜对细胞生长和分化进行了分析 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna的吸附性 , 采用pvc作为主要原材料 , 探讨hcvrna的内表面吸附性 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	建立了双辊带铸件的固化模型 , 利用有限元软件对钢带铸件的固化过程进行了数学模拟 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcur&d部门 , 作品将在特殊22st的mcu文学奖品杂志上发表 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水表面的蒸发下降 , 相对湿度近地表面增加 , 阳光小时降低和风速降低 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	1912年 , 美国科学家wilburl.scooville在美国科学家 , 开发了测试卡普萨辛的水平 , 创造了基里热量的化学物质 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖升到一定程度时 , 饱和的中央气管障碍信号 , 如果所有营养物 , 降低一定的产品 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 经过激动 , 我的手中拿着我手中拿着一条蜡烛 , 在那里 , 我站在我的老婆的尸体后面 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每个手指的十指都留下了明显的印象 , 皮肤的弹性使皮肤的弹性变得不可能精确留下两倍的手指印象 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理局副主任肖玉梅表示 , " 今年7月北京各家垃圾酒店的订价速度增加了5月的一% 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放量相对较低 , 因为充足的河系饲料足够的水电发电机发电机提供了70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	设计了采用浮动mosss的d-latch和dfliploplop电路 , 为了介绍dfliploppppppps的应用 , 设计了d浮动mos的注册电路 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	每年下午100英寸的雨水 , 奥林匹克国家公园下跌 , 永远是绿树上上上面填满奥运山谷的雾 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超原融合蛋白质细胞因子实际上是抗原艺术的替代剂 , 具有目标功能 , 是一种新的前瞻性介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一个小心计划和组织努力完成一个特定的一次努力 , 例如 , 构建建建一个建筑或实现新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	本文采用spollen分析、扫描电子显微镜和c14等离子试验确定了混合层的地质原因及其分布特征 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人民希望正确理解三大营养物 , 这些三大营养大家都注意力 , 首先控制动物 , 随着年龄增加而逐步减少 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	给朋友们做朋友 , 朋友 , 印度的心 , 情景疲惫 , 帮助手 , 诚信合作 , 互利 , 明天创造更好的明天 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国在新疆、新疆、边境巴基斯坦和阿富汗的西部 , 加强了巴基斯坦合作 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀被用来刺激气流在粗糙的线路上 , 它们防止管道和容器的湍流 , 颗粒污染真空安装 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品容量也可以用来描述一个更好的综合症状 , 有些人在消费某些食物的食物上受到某些食物的影响 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	物理化学物理化学的沸点上升似乎与蒸汽蒸馏试验相矛盾 , 实际上 , 它们是不同的原则 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	锁定施工吉特里是悬架桥板块切割的专门设备 , 主要有两种优化型和液压升降型 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家宝会见到了古燕亚总理萨米乌尔后来访问中国 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章对人民陪审选、培训、法律实施、法律实施进行分析和探讨 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	本文在本文的基础上 , 分为九部分 , 分为 " 原文 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了采用efe矩阵法进行定量外部环境扫描外部环境及其方案评价 ;
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	工作变得聪明 , 沃尔兰的孩子开始意识到他们的父亲是一个暴力的怪物 , 每天恐惧他们的母亲 , 拒绝喂他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章对中国古典诗歌的形象创造、特殊语言结构的影响进行了详细的阐述 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 基于集体身份的理论假设 , 将欧洲身份的理论分为两个角度:主义和建构主义 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	利用燃烧噪声和有效解决方法 , 研究了二甲基醚发动机噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	超过饥饿和营养的大挑战 , " 忘记 " 的美国千年发展目标已经增加了关注 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上以来 , 他和67岁的叔叔在狩猎过程中遇到了麻烦 , 冰浮在那里 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素参与自动分泌或帕克里恩时尚监管 , 例如氧点、前列腺素、内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	2004年2月早些时候 , 过去的各种鳄鱼被描述为2004年 , 这些鳄鱼相对竞争力 , 并在正常的类型表面说正常的英语 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果您在访问它时不能读取数据 , 则解密钥被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它是因为供应商使用自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是谁穿着金银色、蓝色和绿色的网络 , 让他穿过他的脚 , 触摸自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	山西省人力资源的优势依赖于旅游资源的条件 , 目前为其复合文化的著名 , 而其化合物的竞争开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常在布里顿的书中缺乏 , 允许孩子们有力的:旅行和烹饪自己 , 游览魔术地 , 或解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	高粘聚合物变形过程的普遍化问题是开发高效质量传输装置 , 提高表面再生速率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学计划对心脏病患者不仅为提高知识 , 而且降低不确定性和抑郁程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果总有效率为93.3% , 62.2% , 比ns增加口服预氮组的恢复率明显高于ns 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	bingo的游戏是一个由民间团体鼓励的强大的美国海关 , 并由教会提供的需要收入提供的交换 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	框12:kilos的重量应该在这里显示 , 其他测量量量的单位或数量的项 , 表示准确的数量可能在定制时使用 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	跨越高速公路 , 远离深圳国际机场 , 港口只有十公里远离广州新白云国际机场 , 一小时全速 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体制的建设 , 国民经济的迅速发展 , 提高人类生活标准、医药和医疗保健工业的发展迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的第二层会透明 , 旅馆将符号香港人民的想象和创造力 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说: " 球员能有很大的技能 , 但是他的才能不会意味着 , 如果他不能申请自己并获得工作 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍了我国纺织品的出口情况及服装的新问题 , 尤其是从音量和减少出口价格的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	不同的玻璃玻璃墙的不同规格 , 但我保证了干燥系统的质量 , 并且在喷嘴位置下 , 提示应该容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	这种不同的来源是美国人 , 鲁德尔夫斯坦特和我们的朋友都影响了我们对地球的适当和谐角色的学习 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	这对23名现有的夫妇属于张的妻子和幽默 , 他的政治志愿、态度和他对家乡和亲戚 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	土耳其倾向于温暖和透明 , 你的平均格鲁吉亚看起来更多的自我包含和储备 , 不完全与你的平均英国相似 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	展示了它的影像 , 试图吸引更少的振动浏览蜘蛛的注意力 , 生物揭示了橙色、黄色、绿色和蓝色的黄色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告说 , 我不会反对吉利米 , 我相信 , 我认为这是什么是无耻的 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省作为资源 , 鱼 , 森林 , 矿物和石油 , 有时还没有公平的 , 有时候只剩下的货物 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校已经开始分离一些教训的性别 , 并且说它消除了男孩出现的 " 桃花效应 " , 并提供了更平等的教师时间的分布 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	回顾中 , kafka试图适应kafka的作品的复杂性 , 并且在索德伯格的广泛实验中得到了提高 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界大战后 , 亨利福特和通用汽车的汽车汽车运动了世界工艺制造的世界 , 从欧洲企业的工艺领导到大量生产的时代 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	波普金教授说 , 美国学校也需要改善营养 , 例如 , 学校也可以提供一些人会考虑垃圾食品 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	然而 , wga西方总统帕特里昂在周六晚上3000多名作家在签证合同之后才会结束 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	amoi是一家著名的国内移动电话制造企业 , 因为a8 , 将跳舞 " 手机 " , 2002年和2003年赚得了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这听起来有效 , 但记得大多数观察器情况下 , 每个组件都有一个小的听众 , 插入和删除大多数都是由横向的 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信念拥有丰富的马祖庙、丰富的诗歌 , 与福建商人活动密切的关系 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这个硅小的性别娃是我们在2016年市场上独特的设计 , 性爱的日本纯洁女孩 , 女性真正的性爱机器人 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:随着时间3月的时候 , 穆斯塔切就做出了一个回归的谣言 , 他正在为圣弗南多谷提供了不足资金的硅谷 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但是我们回答说 , 让他得到更多的电影 , 而不要穿城市 , 然后在11岁的时候 , 他也许会穿过它 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的员工自治公司的自治公司 , 第二分之二的信息采购类别 , 同意 " 良好的想法已经被我公司采取了 。
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条第十二条主题事件发生后 , 义务人员应当随时通知对象或他的头发或保护人 , 除非对象不能定位 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	标准普尔500家公司的收益越来越多 , 高层经济指标的稳定流量将给投资者更多的证据在整个星期内的经济健康 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	基于船舶压力资料预测孔隙结构的分形参数 , 探讨水淹水对孔结构变化的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察19例心肌纤维化患者的抗水力学药物及同步治疗心肌纤维的效果 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论镍钛板固定和可调性帕特拉骨折降低装置具有良好的疗效 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	2006年建立了深圳西马克电缆技术有限公司 , 是我国 " 结构通信解决方案 " 的主要供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油密封 , 模块橡胶零件 , 硅机 , 乘客汽车 , 轻型和重型职务车辆 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人住宅位于北京东城区的东城区 , 是一个传统的 " 四川 " 住宅类型的传统住宅 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性钱 , 女性金钱是不受限制的 , 但是有同样的重量和复杂的 , 艺术触摸是染色的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳彭市电信技术有限公司是一家研究、开发、销售、服务的专业led屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	通过双分子脂肪膜 , 描述了植物细胞的影响 , 引起了高静电场的增加 , 通过双分子脂肪膜 , 并对微生物原理进行了研究 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsacksack比波罗衬衫更明亮 , 线程颜色看起来很好 , 卡纳普萨克太黑了阅读衬衫 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第九十一条未来委员会的净资本额不足6%的客户边账户 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过测定单层或双层的多层弹性丝的测定 , 表明制备的织物的弹性能均可达到介质或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动态波浪湿润橡胶的机理、结构特点 , 阐述了其在硫酸和复合肥料生产中的应用 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但尽管如此努力继续执行 , 包括上个月的电池工厂生产 , 政府的反应仍然不断改变 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	在分析的基础上 , 提出了青岛港港口集团整体发展战略 , 提出了提高群体竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	此外 , 在sziit监督员对课堂性能的观察方面 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验类的性能更为活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在第36周的孕妇期间 , 一个孩子在出生或短期后死亡 , 父母同意捐赠婴儿的心 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司东手工有限公司的首席介绍是一家专业的工艺企业 , 生产完全少数民族特色的工艺企业 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	在插件路由器级别上没有必要保持会话限制 , 因为在请求向应用程序服务器时 , 会话限制会被odrs关心 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	通过对材料的可能性进行调查 , 包括回收玻璃、ucco和mable , 建筑师将石头设置为最佳选择 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金 , 是一家投资服务联合支付 , 中国在线支付提供商和天中资产管理的投资服务 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括gps微分参考站、gps购买子系统、水下pinger、船舶数据处理和控制中心的四部分 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	路易斯霍姆斯的内容非常全面 , 我特别喜欢前瞻角度的故事 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:对1例右肾静脉和2例左肾动脉结合肝脏和肾脏收收收割过程进行损伤 , 3例肾灌注不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	一种由酸分离的两种不同的金属盘组成的电力来源 , 形成了一系列的主要细胞 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的一封信 , 约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了赫马斯的牧师 , 这是我们在一组写作中包含的书 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在德国西部 , 外交部长汉斯特里奇基因scher敦促莫斯科关闭所有核能源植物相似于樱桃 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	根据单阶段、双阶段和多阶段的不同设计 , 可根据干扰、绝缘、冷却的要求 , 定制各种单阶段的设计 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件组织的一个著名代表器 , 他们已经取代了 " 目录 " , 在命令行操作系统中使用 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	手机 , 语法 , 词汇 , 听听 , 阅读 , 写作技能 , 实现突破 , 以实现基础 , 建立习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	国防委员会缺乏法律基础 , 导致国防部队的操作和保障 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 运动速度强度事件运动员的培训系统可能导致心脏形态和功能的适应变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为解决uwbfuse系统中部长范围的大时jitter错误 , 提出了一种基于晶体频率分割的新型时间系统 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	根据福特里克·戈尔曼创始人j.帕特里克·戈尔曼说 , 美国纽约的cpa招聘公司的创始人j.帕特里克.戈尔曼说 , 大会计公司正在提供类似的增加 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	研究人员对日本血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生率进行检测 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法37例患者在学校切除术前采取相对探索相关标志 , 负面病人不会采取学校探索 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	我很幸运地和hitachi工作了25年以来 , 在1984年开始交付hitachi港口 , 我期待着我们的关系继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	本研究主要介绍了简单的经济动态凝油计和影响土壤试验仪 , 促进地质量的调查 , 提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变量矩阵 , 利用不同混合数据的位置准确性比较 , 提出了一种基于系统位置的方法 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs的价格增加了消费者和商业旅行者的价格敏感性 , 降低了全球经济疟疾的石油价格 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体特别脆弱 , 因为他们经常经历了在神经认知并发症期间的生存 , 可能会导致肿瘤本身的损害 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 平行处理方法获得了子线性速度 , 并对内部模型的实时识别要求进行了基本满足 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	这个措施是谁、联合国、美国红十字、美国疾病控制中心、防治中心的合作努力 , 联合国基金会 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文重点讨论了新现实主义小说的社会历史背景 , 并探讨了当代文学发展和认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 阐述了niu " 先进政治思想和粗糙的官方职业的腐败 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	吴建议 , 公司和企业也应注意员工心理健康 , 帮助他们通过讲座和心理咨询来减轻压力 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市大树现象的分析 , 阐述了城市景观森林的必要性和紧急性 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘结剂 , 消毒剂和进口服装置 , 释放了降低葡萄糖离子程度的最佳配方 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁性浮动的态度明显提示了不同构造单元的磁性浮动的实现 , 与岩石单元的岩石形状和分布一致 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 道贤也不想卖 , 他只是想看看他们是否能做任何重复的 , 道贤仁惠不会继承他的建议 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	进入制备的mufffin锡 , 填充每个杯子全全面三分之二的杯子 , 预热190c/375磅牛油2025分钟 , 或者直到金棕色 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	此外 , 由创始人zhiyi建立的教学和学习氛围大气的重要性很大 , 确保了良好的教学氛围 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了内热焦炉实际运行过程中存在的问题 , 并提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨肾酸诱导慢性暂时lobe癫痫的关系及其机制 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某些程度来说 , 利用信号检测理论来解释法官的理想假设 , 更具实用性 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在有径向柔性机制的情况下 , 抗旋转机制与滚包裹的磨损表现出同步和自补偿的同步性 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 该算法在解决高维、多元应变、非线性核问题中成功地改进了遗传算法 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理和其他相关银行人员应该负责导致17000元损失的责任 , 所以为什么他们不负责呢 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2来自多胺氧化介导细胞死亡 , 超敏反应和防御基因表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	海外油产业具有高风险和投资强度的风险 , 改善开发阶段运行流体的使用可能导致储层损害 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	他认为 , 美国 , 需要与伊朗和土耳其合作 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角 " 的活动将促进民主和战争极端主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	在1987年 , 海比伯伯伯里古巴的首席教育体系教育体系教育体系培养过程中 , 这很难为突尼斯人感到骄傲 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这不能抑制全自由表达:这不会失去自由性 ; 身份性 , 以及我们同时沟通的重要诚信性 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她继续说: " 我们是电工程师 , 我们真的需要更多的帮助海洋工程师的帮助 , 但是我们需要更多的资金 , 获得更多的成功 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把你的妈妈的照片和她的珠宝盒子放在这里 , " 米切尔说 , 克里斯特觉得有幸运的家人爱她 , 想让她快乐 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为瑜伽有助于让人们更多的身体和饮食习惯 , 例如由于压力、压力或抑郁等不良习惯 , 比如吃坏习惯 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	那些在室内工作的志愿者在灯光灯上工作的灯泡 , 而不要超级荧光解决的问题需要更成功地思考 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	星期二晚上 , 卡扎菲的巴布阿拉齐亚化合物报道了五声爆炸事件 , 在那里他在周日晚上发出了一场地址 , 第一次袭击 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	通过一定的假设 , 结论价格水平、数量生产和成本参数之间的关系与风险避免的极端水平相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	采用气藏材料平衡方程 , 确定气藏的储备和气藏的ogip , 判断其驱动型并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	万慧看到唐华糖家的快乐、唐丽和天津看到唐新糖回家后 , 建议让家装饰家装饰也可以太空的点 , 每个人都去维拉 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势显示 , 它与社会文化积累与心理补充的密切关系 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本课程重点通过教育实践和核心搜索来构建儿童数学认知的概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的t/es平均值约为2.06 , 旗阶段的最大值显示为78 , 冬季的最小出现率接近零 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	华山工业经济被称为湖山现象的经济在今年的经济增长 , 虽然是一个贫困县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为新美国军事战略不再集中在山上敌人战斗后 , 但是在阿富汗的城市和村庄赢得了阿富汗 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者愿意向外国人交付极大的准备 , 但当地的老师认为外国人只是为了有趣的培训者而行 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假期机组是一个附近的太阳能酒店 , 花园和野鸡 , 但远处 , 旅行的高光是看到草坪人 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	文章分析了物流工业燃料税的功能 , 提出了物流工业燃料税的影响 , 并给出了相应的对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	肯尼·蒂克尔在时代写道: " 最后 , 在他的最伟大的时刻 , 他向我们展示了最脆弱的、绝望的行动的一面 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	帅气 , 还因为浮动孩子 , 必须自信上升 , 记住他们家由丝绸和林讨论业务 , 可以打开丝线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	将叶绿添加到一个菜单里 , 是添加颜色、味道和营养物的一种简单的方法 , 在本周的健康方式下 , 马萨罗斯·舒尔曼写道 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何把自己作为一名员工作为一名考虑的竞争的员工 , 你可能会看到公司对社会媒体和你的参与如何正式化 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是折叠、阻尼、合理的 , 有人远处的声音 , 有人在远远距离的厚度里反应或反应 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	乔布斯先生在五年前曾经治疗胰腺癌患者的胰腺癌 , 在一月中旬医疗留学后 , 接受肝移植 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	该方法改进了点传播函数的估计精度 , 建立了基于分焦点传递函数的重点图像的识别滤波器 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每章和每一章都形成了整个马悲剧节点知识的整合框架 , 这基本上是由基本上升构建的 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 通过引入一些rdb查询理论的查询优化模型 , 给出了其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	一个基因倾向的男性似乎失去了他们的能力 , 几乎两倍的男性没有变化 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心私人员将削减jobs和许多人 , 尤其是那些经常获得他们的工资 , 都会损失他们的工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	与政府政策相似 , 中国政府宣布 , 从2008年6月提供免费塑料购物袋的禁止商店 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	建立了基于病例知识的小脊柱部分的研究表示方法 , 建立了几何特征的对象方法和处理特征信息的方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	古兹说 , 去年 , 风险资本公司投资了35亿美元 , 同时他们只投资了33000万美元的中国企业 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	硬盘设计的一个组成部分是喷雾冷多平台封装 , 使电子设置在雷达目前安装在黑帽前 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	它代表着茶人希望 , 代表中国茶业将更加丰富 , 母亲研究的茶课程肯定比以前的日子更亮 。
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种环境友好的防腐涂料 , 基于非毒性磷脂作为主导抗腐蚀涂料和磷酸盐作为辅助防锈涂料 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地形和地形特征 , 北京沙土主要分为山地三种类型 , 山地和平原迁移区 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	本文还提出了基于遗传算法的地震特性的优化原理和基于基因算法的地震特性优化方法 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	由于健康状况 , 老年成年人不能做出建议数量的物理活动 , 他们应该作为物理活动的能力和条件 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢卡斯博览了资本主义社会的普遍问题 , 证明了其整体范畴的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	2000年至2004年最大的城市公共汽车的分形尺寸是1.4862至1.518 , 这与中国城市系统的分形尺寸一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨绝对贫困观念和相对贫困观念的现象 , 阐述了中国和英国社会的历史比较 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油公司有限的安全管理已成为更加强化和石油柴油的安全性能 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后 , 采用四值dfliplopppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp的核心组件设计了四值同步逆转对策 。
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 邓吉尔蒂夫人因为受伤而遭受了伤害 , 但是她没有对 " 情绪障碍 " 的句子解决了她的刑事责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除了被伤害的个人外 , 我们还代表了卫生保健欺诈和hmo争议的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制方案的可行性和潜在作用 , 结合香气浸润在口腔和颌面外科手术中的作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要研究成果是以下:高雄、平城地区的基本教育教师 , 愿意使用技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗伯·帕茨 , 克里斯蒂瓦特和其它加拿大的第三部电影已经拍摄了第三部电影 。 eclipse在2010年5月出现 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第十六条国家科技委员会应当与其他部门关注的 , 经常对新技术产业开发区进行调查 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	经营文化对员工工作动力的影响广泛 , 但在文化与工作动力之间没有一个可锻炼的框架 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	在这个粗糙的小船里 , 30号多国际船员的工作很艰难 , 前面的东南人和太阳花在厕所里涂上了 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金今年对其它商品的联系 , 经营了一半的石油和铜滑动的时候 , 这反映了它的价值 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们从传统生活模式中破裂出来 , 爱情 , 结婚 , 买一只房子......相反 , 他们已经跳过了一些步骤 , 加上其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接的数据结构保持了它的llength , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 因此它可以减少节省noneitset和匹配模式的房间 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你在正确的位置 , 你需要放松你的绘画手臂肌肉 , 记住你写作的作品时 , 简单和前臂肌肉被放松 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	另外 , 丰田周一表示 , 它已经扩大了美国的服务运动 , 以泄漏油主机 , 覆盖934 , 000辆车的六缸发动机 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但是它要求我要求一本书来理解更多的话题 , 或者与发送者交换许多电子邮件 , 来解决问题的更多细节 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前的自然历史问题中 , 耶鲁教授弗兰克·a.海滩告诉原始人如何学会爱金钱 , 有些甚至转变成亚uman资本家 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	韩国的独立消息非常罕见 , 但中国相应的大坝语法学家已经走到边界见到朝鲜人最近逃离的朝鲜人 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保与国家仲裁立法、民族仲裁立法、民事立法相关的案例进行公平处理 , 都具有司法监督的制度 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲阿洛伊斯认为 , 是一个女性和一个19岁的犹太人 , 这将使这个男人激励了全球一季的犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织周二表示 , 政府部队死亡至少41名民事部队 , 其中包括20名在半亚中部抗议厅举行的袭击 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	地方官员告诉报纸 , 要求要求的时候 , 一天的旅游将包括访问北川高中 , 在那里学生被埋在垃圾中 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	幸运的时候 , 有一个女人在那儿叫做 " 心大 " 的女人分享 , 比如兽人 , 她也不太坏观察 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , xmx值的25%的xmx值用于最大护士尺寸 , 而护士大小则允许在那25%内生长和缩小 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另外一个冲突是美国并没有寻求的 , 一个是由42个国家加入的 , 包括挪威的努力 , 保护自己和所有国家进一步攻击 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	一家美元商店还没有打开 , 所以我没有进入冰箱里 , 它的菜单代价昂贵 , 所以我拿了两杯瑜伽 , 告诉摄影师给我一些季度 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本请求的框架下 , cen和cenelec将开发一个或多个级别标准包含各种类型的能源相关产品的通用需求 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	该方法分为光轮集成处理的两个工作过程 , 表面切割是前程序 , 挤出处理是后程序 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 在6月2日 , 印度商务委员会将有私人监察官和政府会议 , 其中包括美国商务委员会 , 这将持有35个年度会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电信市场不会被允许称为国家董事会列表中的任何数字 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人有关 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的干旱是有限的分离区域 ; 除了里约大规模的苏尔和巴拉那外 , 没有可逆的损害似乎在全国范围内广泛 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	一个更危险的装置 , 美国流行的美国 , 是一个瞬间的光盒装满了硫酸 , 进入化学物质的分裂 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦中 , 她被一个好的病毒名称的女士告诉了她 , 一些藏人也可以看到湖边的网站内容 , 只是通过计算机监视屏幕 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是积累体验丰富的个体知识 , 无法制造系统的暴露 , 这是可以感受的 , 但不能说明的 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这种类型的场景通常发生在想驱动业务的clevel执行官时 , 它更改了企业提供积极的赞助来帮助他们的战略议程 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家的 " 扩展eps系统 " -360提供市场前景、侧面和后面影响保护 , 使它成为最安全的helmet之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年建立了北京文山画艺术销售中心 , 建立了世界上最大的艺术家社区 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	澳大利亚学出版商和专业出版组织开放 , 包括大学出版社和利润非盈利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何在医学特殊的分支中运行诊断和治疗设备 , 但是他们也在紧急干预技术中培训 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	三个结构组装水火管锅炉是dzl型热水锅炉的一种新思想 , 最近应用了两步喷射技术 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐赠允许一座桥梁建在两座山间 , wa终于走到学校 , 穿靴子想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	西北地区的寒冷喷涂着侵入 , 保持亚热带空气温度和湿度 , 是温暖的亚热带气候变化的典型 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	进一步研究了化学热力学解决非氧化强酸的溶解性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	本文分析了不同类型的涡轮发电机的转子束绕器的原因、危害和形成过程的变化 , 并提出了预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人上周告诉华尔街日报 , 该公司不能规定替换osi的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一项规则 , 第三周中期 , 股票只移动3周 , 股票只移动3周 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	阐述了其它营养效益显著 , 阐述了cla多生理多功能的多功能性及其病因 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本奥斯卡大学于6月10日发布了官方道歉 , 因为一个员工称孔子学院的文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	第一条被称为 " 奥林匹克巷 " , 这将在首都的18000名运动员和官员在比赛期间举行 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	在我组和组i组间的细菌数目中 , 清洗手的效果明显优于洗手的效果 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在没有物理发现的年轻妇女中 , 患者应该回到3至10天后 , 接下来的男性开始确定肺回归 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机控制空间干预的研究可能有助于进一步描述血管治疗的临床疗效 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我明白 , 在我留在中国的志愿者期间 , 这个解决方案不会对任何问题或事件进行责任 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	gnome中的最手工菜单项之一是服务器进口的连接 , 这允许用户连接近任何类型的服务器快速和方便 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山脚 , 国际幼儿园附近太阳雅典大学的国际幼儿园位于一个愉悦的环境中 , 具有良好的观点 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:采用3种诱导的痰样品 , 比使用3种胃清洗法诊断不能自发预期的结核性肿瘤患者的诊断效果更敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中在蒙古的标签上 , 旨在巩固其在俄罗斯和西方战争中获得稳定的位置 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们在德克萨斯、新墨西哥、阿里桑那州、内瓦达州、乌拉多州、科罗拉多州、尼布拉斯加州和所有的途径下驾驶了很多图片 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但是 , 就像过去世界公平一样 , 上海博览会主要是印象一个国内观众 , 超过90%的访问者来自主国 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的那天我开始很好 , 但是在半场马拉松我在两腿上开发了肌肉裂纹 , 导致我右膝盖坏了 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	以色列两名以色列人陕波利克博士 , 医疗工程师埃迪·索福博士 , 一个杰出的天然气学家 , 加入了一个基于satle的工程团队来帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	凤凰看着窗外 , " 这让我想起我在一个rv的家庭里拉进一小城镇 , 突变者晚上吃饭 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	根据技术创新的战略实施 , 中国应采取更多的探索和开发 , 以确保更多的储备 , 降低油进口的暴露 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	目击者和安全相机视频的枪手建立了一支肖像 , 因为年轻男人穿着犹太人和潮湿的t恤衫 , 承担rucksack和枪 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	针对linpack或eispack的单移复杂qz算法 , 开发了一般的概念价值路由 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员对欧洲工作协议、工作时间、婚姻和家庭地位、性别和工作自治的关系进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	幸运的购物者和alfresco餐厅 , 直到晚些时尚的商店 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的食物或浏览上海更有时尚的商店 , 这是这个地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为提高服装制造工业生产效率 , 必须结合传统服装生产方案、模式设计及服装制作 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	除非相关当局批准相关合同之外 , 技术转移的相关费用不会被当作税收减税项 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前盾牌的混合比例通常使用正交测试 , 其中存在很多实验和不可避免的时间和资金的缺点 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿病饮料中 , 每天只有1磅的饮料 , 6个月的重量损失1.1磅 , 1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 我国冻结冻结和冻结冻结的严重灾害 , 有效和长期监测霜冻结和冻结霜的长期监测对潜在灾害提供参考资料 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了lcopene的生物学特点 , 如分子结构、代谢、组织分布及其抗癌功能及可能的机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:9例胆管管截断术中直接表现为9例 , 非规则的中心或内心狭窄9例 , 1例不规则填充缺陷 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	editra允许您在启动过程中不用鼠标导航菜单 , 自动检查更新 , 并允许您设置优先的字符 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	模拟了大型重力电路的垂直速度 , 运行的大速度和前面的密度分布速度密集 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	食品生产中的gm食品的组成部分有很多好处:快速栽培植物和动物的特点 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	为军事服务 , 马克维亚先生把战争当作威尔玛特 , 申请乌克兰、意大利、芬兰、芬兰和乌克斯拉维亚的暴力者 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强的是 , 必须用贝尔兹布布布的魔鬼驱动魔鬼 , 就像说的那样 , 为了在中性化和克服那些支持的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	随后 , 有一个绝对的艺术标准 , 意味着每个人独特的感觉都是通过图像来解释的 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 这些虫子被用来攻击它的公交核反应堆的电脑 , 有很广泛的预测 , 土星网实际上损坏了植物 , 有些伊朗否认 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转移钥匙相比 , mdcsk具有多层数字信号可以加密的优点 , 使用多层加密参数 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了有关图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、障碍者的创新策略 , 并成功地采用和实现创新策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	利用hsqldbutil.runscriptool来创建一个名为启动的方法 , 主类名称、主类名称和命令行参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运冠军和世界纪录片《伊因巴耶娃星期日早些时候宣布 , 她是从运动中获得无限的破裂 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易秘密法可以被视为社会利益分配和公共利益与商务秘密所有者的垄断利益之间的利益分配和司法选择 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战斗机似乎已经准备出现大批人群 , 以确保一个目标 , 例如高级政府官员或警察首席 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线显微镜是一种利用软x射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 它填充了光学和电子显微镜之间的空间 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	温芳三电力集团有限公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业生产烟草提取、索兰醇和尼古丁两大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼睛位置的正确率 , 提出了面边界的精制算法和多层眼检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:采用客观口腔黏膜灌溉试验 , 探讨微型氧化zrc氧化zarc金属玻璃的组织相容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场吉尔伯托已经在枪手中场的继任者丹尔森 , 他的成功者在枪手中场获得了一名来自巴西国家队的选举 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在几个c.i.a官员知道拘留和交流程序的详细信息中 , 有一个紧张的辩论机构 , 在处理条件下画线 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 萨米拉里被告知我们 , 1860年的开放冠军 , 寻找工作的国家 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很感激 , 深深深地对他的视觉、恶魔、dana和勤奋带来了佛教 , 并且对所有的句子都有一定的意义 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	西蒙ellson是抗病毒电脑公司诺顿的安全专家 , 强调 , 通常更改密码 , 避免重复 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测量 , 钢烟的表面处理只有0.008相对反射 , 吸收装置可作为理想的涂料 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学院的图像是中国传统自我变化的特殊现象 , 具有特殊的审美价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制度是汉武迪的原创创作 , 是秦汉代官员监督和控制的成功经验 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 周舒广的另一个博客 , 共享他的印象:美国政府和北京都有完全不同的工作方式 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了促进铁矿在这些地区的应用 , 需要合成单体超临界纳米结构的铁矿石 , 具有高饱和磁化的颗粒 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声波b和前室角镜像进行检查 , 然后提取外室外体在眼下角 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理阿卜杜拉巴达维正面临辞职的呼吁 , 统治联盟失去了关键的地方 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在雨前的电影中 , 博西亚州波斯尼亚湾战争困难的摄影师 , 当他扔掉了电影的时候 , 他赢得了他奖 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	综述了转换器衍生物的结构活性关系及药理性能 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九条代理规定遵循指令的义务 ; 根据本指令的指令 , 应当按照指令处理信任事务 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自从那以来 , 我们的双边关系对双方的努力有显著的成就 , 两国在顶部和其他水平上经常接触 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近几年来 , 拉迪克普拉利亚粉的使用价值逐步提高了工业生产的官方和原材料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他是他家中唯一的工人 , 或是他是一个全职学校的学生 , 或是他是一个学校的学生 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	结果 , 分支的厚度对青年树的生存率、生存率、生长条件和年轻图树的商业率有较大的影响 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本文描述了三维现实的扭转荷载几何模型激励导速度对心脏节律影响的定量模拟 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的克隆生长体系结构 , 古拉和葡萄糖最大 , 被认为是研究克隆人口最佳材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯金德是纽约世界贸易中心的重新开发中心的主计划者 , 预计面对延迟和重大的成本过度运行 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃免费的ampole是由一个piece模拟的聚乙烯或聚丙烯单元组成的 , 直到用户激活 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对当时中国医学教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者 " 的信件是保持中医教育的主要部分特点 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和莱切尔霍夫曼在四个月里工作了慈善男性中心委员会的慈善委员会 , 在地震中受伤 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与这个世界相比 , 中国的牙齿衰退的发生并不高于初级和二级学校的学生 , 更突出的是它缺乏时间处理 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口增长约1% , 近40%的增长是因为外国人口进入美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	诺内欧国家对欧洲危机的损害已经对其经济做出了重视 , 并通过17个国家的单一货币面积的紧急需求进行阐述 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	18.07%的ip饮食量最高的n消化性发生在18.07%的ip饮食中 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	" 此外 , 吉利亚还揭示了在访问期间 , 在很多电影中 , 大多数喜欢 " 超越我们的厨房 " , 她甚至已经提名了最佳女演员黄金 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是稳定发展 , 制定了winwin的原则 , 在变化行业和市场中 , 他们正试图采取花费丰富的vigor和稳定的提升 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统林肯 , 准备出现紧急环境的应急环境 , 正如林肯悬挂哈比亚公司在民事战争出口的时候 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人说 , 美国在美国的借钱在生活上 , 汽车不能卖掉 , 因为老妇人填满了六个 " 经济危机 " 的补充 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清楚动物研究与祖母hip取代之间的连接 , 父亲经营婴儿疫苗 , 甚至是宠物的照片 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk后移植失败的风险因素是冠状血管化、移植、假血管病、预后同步症的风险因素 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	在这个寺庙里几乎所有的东西 , 包括它的懒惰的布局和现在大多数人经常装饰其覆盖的品牌 , 35 ) 按照销售的东西 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 几乎所有工业的一部分 , 从上游到下游 , 完全是印尼的农民 , 工厂所有者和工厂 , 销售商 , 销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰并不失望 , 直到今天 , 除了那些没有玩得多的球员 , 比如艾默森和发票人离开 , 还有谢弗切科和比赛 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对景观建筑设计的案例分析 , 阐述了文献流变学的意义 , 例如超波、图形、符号化等 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了有效地捐赠花粉 , 动物污染的植物已经进化了各种颜色的花粉特性 , 污染表现方案是其中之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定阅读游戏之后 , 我很失望阅读奥尔法动机 , 但我不相信我们会遇到任何额外的障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	普林尼·硬铁2分 , 包括3秒左右的比赛 , 奥兰兰兰多魔术缺乏防守冠军休斯顿火箭9290分 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	bnp巴黎投资伙伴马丁·弗里德森说: " 否则在cd或超safe资产中会有更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一部分是不用的土地 , 将增加森林覆盖率为4.1% , 前面的水路、农场、农场和其他绿色潜力 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说家的情况下 , 浪漫视觉倾向于表达自己的形式 , 叫做 " 浪漫 " 、情感和象征形式的小说 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是2005年在德克萨斯州休斯顿举行的第一次 , 我们收到了2000万美元 , " 兰回忆道 , " 这个数字超过了我们的期望 。
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 真的是 , 现在我对这些小伤害进行处理 , 比如哈姆斯或格林菌株 , 我可以理解他们 , " 26岁的官方匹配节目说 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2 , 设置n或更高的更改内存布局 , 它不再使用分享库和f共享库 , 并允许它们用于本地存储或mapping 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但是如今 , 如果我们正在修改这个反对文化的一个方面 , 那么它的神秘的倾向和原则的幸福是我们不会对运动深刻的公正 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	该系统成功地测试了紫外线菌辐射的呼吸系统 , 用紫外线菌辐射杀死9%的细菌 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 尽管法官的辩护和完整性已经超越了复制 , 他的遗传密封的方法限制了法院外的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	吃:这矿物丰富的食物 , 因此 , 亚利亚人的食物包括:番茄、豆、褐米、柠檬、柠檬、橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	百度的金融董事jenniferli说: " 百度 , 中国音乐迷 , 记录艺术家和记录公司都会从这个赢得合作中获益 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线的价格昂贵 , 第一家公司在美国只有长距离服务的供应商 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	本文以二级板市场为研究对象 , 通过理论和经验角度分析了交易机制的目标、特点和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	患者免疫清除和反应阶段 , 提高氨基氨基酶和hbvdna水平 , 是抗病毒治疗的候选人 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 在第四级城市里的小天鹅 , 第二个销售海尔 , 占据了13% , 显然公司未来的表现将大大提高 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	订阅1 , 13和19页面1的订阅规定不需要申请发行证券承诺 , 以公开批准其普通公司债券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	我们留下的一些事情是例如jsp标签库支持gsp , 可能支持jpa作为插件 , 并且提高我们的单元测试基础设施 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	法国拥有丰富的香味和蝴蝶纹理的产品传统上是法国圣诞节的美味 , 虽然在法国的南方吃得更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次强调决策制作、组成和传输能力的重要性 , 因为球员需要知道球运行时 , 或者小心不要在球上获得 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道说: " 坐在电视机上可能不会让孩子们看见 , 但是一个孩子可能坐在电视机上 , 因为他或她近乎观察并不诊断 。 "
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 路沈承诺帮助库希玛塔卡希拉出售渠道 , 帮助路胜平岛阻止了破坏规则 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次 , 冰岛形成于1962年 , 华德湖冰架时 , 小块的冰岛变成了在真正的岛之间 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能工业炉的开发及应用试验 , 例如加热炉、热处理炉、浸渍炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果大学毕业生从学校里从来没有看到陌生 , 那么ou被认为是英国最大的大学 , 超过200 , 000名学生 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏对现实世界的经验和实践知识 , " 杨小雄说 , 首席执行高尔夫俱乐部的ceo , 他的工作人员在希望申请者的屏蔽眼睛上表示 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 美国和国际社区的制裁数年后 , 相同的殖民组织似乎被西方重建 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c下 , 未发出的snp的动力学 , 通过构造和空间结构的影响显著 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	利用 " 蔡云 " 特殊座位的功能 , 将各种使用摩托车座椅的缺点和遗憾进行综合评估 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个主要因素组成系统 , 科学操作能产生良好的教学结果 , 科学操作也是新时代教学创新措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	经过这种颜色失败后 , 巴特将军队的残余部队集合到恐怖 , 逃往他个人帝国星球毁灭者的外部军队领土 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监测器收集了有用的信息 , 例如在一个月的ecr状态调查事务 , 数量的ecr状态等 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	据报道 , 韩国国防部长在接受报告后49分钟的事故总裁 , 当时他在52分钟的国防部长kimtae在接受该报告后 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	基于家庭的护理团队由几个护士组成 , 每天早上跳进小卡车 , 走到社区 , 往往健康需要 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	采用两个状态 , 实现了身体清洗范围及身体清洗程度 , 提高了身体清洗程度 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	在机场上 , 他们的旅行场景在飞机场上 , 飞机在跑道上 , 他们的笼子从飞机上走出飞机 , 日本公共广播 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个金锁 , 看起来很厚 , 但是在丑陋的、紧紧紧、紧紧密的、细小的帽子下 , 疲倦了 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	在150年的商业调查中 , 三分之二的调查显示他们的团体促进利润不过剩下三分之一的声称已经失去了他们的团体经验 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安迪:是的 , 但是卡塔尔也可以穿着银牌 , 它真是一个黑马 , 它在另一个半决赛中打败伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家 , 通过其拖车者判断电影 , 指责张先生给亚洲演员戴蒙先生的一部分 , 应该去亚洲演员 , 一个叫做白色的练习 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 像极端程序和敏捷开发的概念 , 使得很多相同的利益 , 没有完全的人们在代码上挑选 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在基于矩阵组织的情况下 , 学习风格组织和非边界组织今天 , 我们的选择应该根据给定的环境和目标进行基础 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	香味包含许多香料、猪肉干燥的产品和脱水的春洋葱 , 根据不同的味道添加一些味道 , 口味的味道会很好 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	此外 , 这种意识的双重标准损害了两个自由人和汉人的感觉 , 并且骑着学术意识的崛起 , 扭曲了历史的真正面貌 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这永远不会是 , 永远不会继续这样的存在 ; 当时 , 人们在离开的列表中把我们的友谊当然会存活到天上 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 在36个爱情社交网络中 , 尤其是音乐和视频都是免费的 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号在一个非常高频率中采样 , 用两个采样的差别定量获得数字信号、i.e、sigmadelta代码的差异 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	因为他们像我一样 , 我想 , 没有改变我总是有成功的 , 个性是现实的 , 但我喜欢阴影 , 让我在这里 , 真的是我的错误呢 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年后 , 95%的元素汞通过化学反应 , 变成了硫化物 , 一个黑色的固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18公园的位置 , 拥有紧急柴油发电机和电器设备的电气室 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	美国生活视频流程服务 , 最近打击了最主要流行的shibau的小狗 , 只是宣布了水刷 , 一个新的白标流视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:socket、电路断路器、dc夹克、数字开关、dip开关、emi滤波器、fuslder、hook开关、关键开关、微切换、推动开关等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他有超过10多年的数字媒体生产经验 , 工作视频 , 仍然是图像和声音 , 他在社会和环境方面采取长期的项目 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于卡斯托尔的评级历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳发动机性能提高了加速 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	目前国有四美元的汽油价格上涨 , 最高的平均价格像阿拉斯加、加州、连接式和华盛顿州 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米体系的小尺寸必须被视为强场 , 这使得电导公式考虑非线性反应非常重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可保护h2o2受伤的内皮细胞 , 可能在预防和治疗缺血性血液灌注方面有一定的作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	讨论了利用头空气相色谱法测定1 , 4-氧烷含量的方法 , 讨论了头空气色谱的因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	所以 , 穿着温暖的浪漫新家庭 , 温暖和流动婚姻床 , 自然成为优先的优先性 , 传统的部门商店在床上 , 所以搅拌池塘 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	根据其它生理学现象的频率滤波 , 通过基础和提高心室节点的频率 , 降低了心室内节点的频率 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常检查特定的规则集合规则 , 您可能希望将它们结合在自己的规则文件中 , 如清单2所示 , 这个规则将导入基本、名称和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年2月14日 , 一名警察在3月14日在东京国际鲸鲸行动委员会上编制了绿色的太空成员 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	结合现有的食品市场可以保持长期和稳定的出口 , 利用比较优势解决了我国食品供应平衡的问题 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	总结了高桥墩裂缝的控制和防治措施 , 建立了桥梁混凝土裂缝的类型和原因 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为防止和解决贸易者群体 , 必须扩大公民参与、改革行业治理结构、共同建设的利益 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北阴凤之外 , 六个绝对的寺庙 , 还有一些强大的钻井 , 地狱极端驱动十宫绅士 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨三叉神经网膜神经网膜切除术中机器人casr2辅助系统的临床价值及其临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称 。 黄金 。 一起 , 粘土线和观看zany图片在你学习比例、匹配比例、标准和对称时 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到石油和气体使它丰富 , 开始于1960年代 , 这个小型、规模化、胰岛平坦的半岛大幅增加 , 让单独的城镇 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另一个观点是 , 斯切尔先生现在把它放在 " 革命主义者 " , 也是一个梯度主义者 , 她的目标通常没有广告 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	在1991年退休后 , 他仍然保持了一个低档档档案 , 尽管他被他的妻子所幸存 , 高度声称北京戏曲歌手姜宁 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	据研究报道 , 世界上最受欢迎的网站facebook , 成员花了205亿分钟 , 增加了56%的56% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	在被称为sctymuuuuus的恶意批评中 , 匿名的anglican对手攻击不仅是这些六名新闻部长 , 而且攻击了米尔顿 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	为了一个不知的原因 , 有时候 , 他曾坐在地球宇航员的皇家宫殿里 , 他帮助在精英皇家飞行员培训 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的进口形式和女性 , 明星巴克从开放的平衡和麦当劳的女性制造者和女性队列分开 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子的最高发生原子轨道 , 这是能量最高的 , 因为这将是最高的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我爱的时候 , 坐在我的身边 , 当我身边的时候 , 我的眼睛滴下来 , 夜暗 , 风吹出灯 , 云朵绕过恒星 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你这是坏的 , 希望谷歌搜索结果的业务总是很糟糕 , " google在一篇博客上写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	尼桑的首席创意官hironakamura表示 , 该研究室将 " 提高我们在中国和亚洲的产品竞争力 , 汽车产业继续看到鲁棒的增长 " 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用这只胳膊时 , 请仔细打开颈部和肌肉10毫升的ampoule , 从肌肉体积到250毫升 , 并通过纯化水带来体积 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不再能看到皮吉银行的保护 , " 格洛萨克逊历史上的一名作者凯文·莱耶说 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过对不同超声衰减过程的分析 , 提出了重量超声生产速率和最后的超声极化的衰减公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数地方美学家在临床上使用了相对水解分子 , 通过扩散或通过细胞膜来获得它们的阻塞网站 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81试验钢筋混凝土梁和66个加强钢筋纤维增强sc梁的试验结果 , 以确定模型中的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	网站还使用开源博客服务器apacherollerweblogger版本4.0.0.12、mysqltm数据库服务器的定制版本 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	比萨尔看着600米高的建筑 , 水和能源的自足 , 被贝吉亚设计师维尼·卡尔巴特的设计者认为是基于纽约的罗斯福岛的 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 盒子 " 仍然坚持这个熟悉的胶原的专辑来解决水中出现的情况 , 更好地告诉大家这个产品和瑜伽饮料的味道 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	针对慢性日常头痛或张力型头痛的预防药物 , 给出其对鼻腔和肌肉的影响 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母的行为放在体重规模的侧面 , 那么你如何确定健康的自尊vs 。
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	" 他说 , 时间是最大的问题 , 中央政府对当地政府的总体原则有表特定的标准 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法被提取 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	上面的这个幻灯图像 , 大峡谷 , 显示了由科罗拉多河创造的分形模式 , 红色指示了图像中的植被区域 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 无土化石追踪了一只狗类的饲养植物的前任鲸 , 遗传分析已经确定了鲸鱼最近的生命关系 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维组织图表由加强混凝土构建 , 每个教室或工作室占有不同的体积 , 允许环境从整个院子看到 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	二十世纪末期发展的 " 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 正在影响人们作为全球化时代的出现纪律 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的封锁相比 , 标准封锁使人们在标准数字模式下写邮件代码 , 并为后台工作人员提高信件排序效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规格的水珠、南阳珠、新鲜水珠、半孔松珠、3/4松珠珠和完成珠宝 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高建筑师建筑设计的生态、效率、经济资源资源负责性和义务性 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	根据质量波孔数据的基础 , 分析了阴盆地中侏罗煤层分布特征、煤炭性能、煤炭性能、成藏期 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	采用二阶球导弹的最大轨迹优化 , 提出了一种基于原始和最佳轨迹的比较 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开放源项目的基本原因 , 没有关闭的资源密钥点技术 , 就是我们没有兴趣销售或支持它 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	一些物种在洪水季节中被淹没 , 只有一些高的草地生存 , 主要的物种属于草地和草地 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	他们每个人都被头抓住了他的剑 , 然后在他的同伴的旁边 , 所以他们一起倒下来 , 所以地方叫赫尔卡扎里姆 , 这是吉隆 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	通过神经外科医生在 " 内血管内血管时期的脑血管实践 , 我们描述了一系列未经破坏的ias患者 。
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	由政府提供的公共货物的不平衡已经成为城市和农村地区的深层原因 , 影响城市和农村地区的差距 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过权利和侧向 , 通过液压液压液压系统驱动 , 指出液压液压系统存在的问题 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 外国批评家们将看看今天的数据 , 并争论更强的元增 , " 香港基于香港的经济学家贝恩·辛普多弗说 。
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行的比例说 , 其比例是9月底的健康11.6% , 9月底的其他两家大银行的数字比其他两家银行更低 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于子处理和滤波后投影算法的新算法 , 以估计广泛成像中心的对象散射中心 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我正在北达科塔的孩子成长时 , 我母亲为她的五个孩子做饭时 , 她把热带从锅里拉出来 , 把他们放在纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于放电、完成磨削、整理磨削和涂料的温度 , 考虑了在热轧厂实践中的轧制部分和表面级的约束 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一个90亿美元的法律顾问 , hsbc两次雇佣kpmg , 探讨madof先生 , 但当担心时 , 银行失败行 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	与他母亲的爱情悲剧相比 , 在这里 , 几页里 , 整个故事都在他之前 , 都是在他面前 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟的业务 , 他已经访问奥斯塔 , 一百英里的萨凡纳河 , 他已经旅行了 , 远远远足够的旅游到了那个城市的西方 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	陕西省农药病毒病毒各种病毒的调查结果表明 , cmv、pv、pvy、tev、tev、tev和bbwv的一部分是混合感染 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	据报道 , 在19世纪监狱的拉克条件下 , 一个mafia上帝的父亲被报道 , 他的生日与香槟和lobster一起庆祝 , 已经获得了nickname " 大酒店 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997.111年 " 管理安全基金的暂时方法 " 执行以来 , 我国安全基金已经得到了快速发展 , 得到了较好的结果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	印度东部的一个城镇 , 建于1610年 , 位于阿格兰兹伯的一座马索莱姆附近 , 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主要的课程选择外 , 波尼俱乐部提供了一种反映中海和海鲜影响如oysster、salmon和prawnfriter的tapas选择 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另一个见证人yuri , 他没有给他最后一个名字 , 告诉俄罗斯州首次运行通道电视说 , 震浪很强 , 把他扔到地板上 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列表示 , 军队在攻击之后只使用他们的手枪 , 并发布了一个从直升机上下降到一个人群的视频显示军队 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	本文以9种生态类型的日本稻米线为材料 , 分析了f1杂交品质的主要品质特征 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	印度工作的一个人类学家ruthfreeded发现 , 印度的家庭通过窗口来修改他们的公寓 , 以分离男性和女性的空间 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了投资的问题外 , 他的心理健康和物质的主任谢哈尔萨克森纳说 , 低收入国家有很少的心理健康专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言相对合并的问题通常会变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员确定为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	一个白人学生作为研究参与者的评论使一个黑人参与者简单地离开房间时 , 显示出来自中等极端种族污染 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论腹部切除术中只有超级脂肪的特点 , 且将橡胶干燥放在腹部切除术中是一种简单、有效的防止脂肪水的方法 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同的npt的氧供需氧和氧气需求的重要因素 , 但在温暖时期大脑不平衡需要特殊的关注 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京警方预计将在国内暴力交往 , 作为法律师穆尔对妇女权利保护和利益保护 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 大豆饮食纤维生物的处理技术明显提高 , 确定了十二烷酶的优化范围 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	fitch表示希腊银行在东南欧和土耳其增加收入多样化的运作 , 但这来自更挥发的经济 , 一些经济也经历了衰退的压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河道追踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀爬和面向会见室外生存 , 玩得多种技能 , 一个开发团队只有它的个人成员 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	bilberry是蓝莓的亲戚 , 被称为它的黑色紫色 , bilberry自然包含了异丙烯酰胺 , 帮助支持健康的眼功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	毫无疑问:微软的手上有一个窗口7.甚至在beta表单上 , 公司的新桌面os正在收集来自博客的所有角落 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	疲倦的和预测的答案如 " 我是一个艰难的工人 " , " 我是由新机会学习 " 在工作采访中学习 " 的 ? 你应该考虑奇怪的问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	浙江省台州农业研究学院、林海种子站是一家新型的水稻组合 , 是浙江省台州农业研究学院 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们要求这个问题 , 要求s2作为给定 , s1最大化这个表达式 , 作为gentleman说 , 我将分化 , 然后我将设置等于0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他主要的地方移动齿轮 , 袁花了大多数四年的大学准备进入考试人力资源大学毕业生学位 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺陷是心理描述的概念 , 可以更多的行动、rub描述 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 本文将会看起来更多的vidvid 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一家专业的电缆制造商 , 国王信号的产品主要服务移动通信、数字微波通信、航空、多媒体 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	第五章探讨了泰西沙沙山道上的春金融陶池文化熔融池 , 建立了另一个香港卡尔瓦夷电影 , " 春金表达 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 主题的生活迹象稳定 , 代谢支持明显 , 指出了我们构建的生物官方肝脏支持体系 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在左边 , 缺乏视觉 , 激励公司的真正计划意味着改变努力将永远不能证明政策制定者的成功 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	一种湿磷酸净化法包括:第一个步骤 , 利用热水浸泡、提取有机溶剂 , 然后清洗热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品的设计基于16世纪欧洲和其他eras的古典图片 , 可以修改并结合个体客户的欲望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	蔡元北是一位伟大的思想家、教育家和革命家 , 从他的思想、言行为 , 我们可以知道他的伟大的思想 , 哲学家的角色和伟大的男性 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	河水湖发展生态旅游的优势是环境、植物、野生动物、历史和文化 , 我们也必须注意一些问题 , 首先 , 注意整体分布 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双链rna制备了石油植物中的主要脂肪酸的相对比例 , 用来改变石油植物中的主要脂肪酸的相对比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据《人民日报》报道 , 中国继续成为世界上第二大经济 , 与日本的1.42万亿美元相比 , 与日本每天的1.37万亿美元相比 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	民族反恐委员会表示 , 特殊的军队杀死了2名军事和细节 , 在莫斯科郊区的第三个人 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道染色和电子显微镜观察脊髓前角形态学变化的典型模式 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:分别对164名患者进行康复教育、心理讲话娱乐活动及各种心理学支持进行分别研究 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 分析了赵永明的诗歌写作意义 , 证明了诗人对女性视角的原因 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行积极地对贫困国家财政部长的贷款负担严重的薪酬困难、急性失业和后果的内部不利 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以在大程度上存储在目标区域 , 结果显著降低非目标区的密度 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	经过多个视角缓慢运动的证据收藏 , 这种风格已经没有被困扰 , 他准备准备对niu卡的观点进行道歉 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	四江流域水污染的主要来源来自国内废水 , 然后非点源污染也很重要 , 产业污染也很少 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文试图通过对儒家、道教、道教等思想的影响 , 探讨军事主义思想的文化根源 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一种修复组织代表水平、平滑、平滑、平滑的组织 , 综合地区的胆囊细胞比较成熟 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	探讨椎体和肺脂肪栓塞中的iop关系 , 探讨水泥注射速度与pvp中pmma泄漏的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	troy , 2007年8月12日.bae系统展示了国家防御工业协会的共同模块电力系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国冶金集团公司的国有代表团访问了亚尼克铜矿的地点 , 位于喀布尔东南部的卡布尔 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态最高、快速的治疗速度快 , 健康的皮肤细胞到表面 , 有3倍以前的皮肤精制剂 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	寒冷的欢迎是沙特房间冰绿色的高玻璃 , 头环绕着颜色 , 外面的阳光是海外的 , 沿着尘埃的道路燃烧 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿下面报道了利比亚反叛运动的分裂 , 哈尔希尔说她是第一个 " 纳托拉伯联盟 " 提供军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	路透lbj的 " 伟大的社会 " 等时候 , 一个 " 自由 " 的人声称荣耀 , 让其他人自由购买投票 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	由微软的创始人保罗·艾伦创造的保罗·艾伦 , 自2003年开始以来 , 艾伦学院已经组装了一个较少的人类大脑 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦人说: " 日底 , 沉降和平是两个平行轨道 , 以色列同时不能解决和平 。 "
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇人说 , " 世界上只有一条路 , 你永远不会重新退出他们 , 你一定要静静静静二十年 , 也不会笑 。 "
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	开放的山羊欢迎所有商人参加全民主、自主、热情、潜在的生活改革 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	今天 , 查瑟姆家庭研究显示 , 非法的监测已经下降了50至75%之间的卡梅隆、印度尼、印度和巴西阿马逊的50% ;
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺一起呆在一起更好或更糟糕的那些 , 为了更糟糕的或更糟糕的病情和健康 , 恐惧和珍惜 , 直到死亡 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京 , 17日泡沫 , 15日中午的当地时间 , 新华 , 匈牙利首都泡沫 , 一个人群的碟子灯泡 , 杀死了三个女人死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	为了更多的阅读 , 包括那些可以法律代表你的信息 , 如果你选择雇佣移民代表 , 检查cic的移民页面 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学拒绝隐喻学的实践特点内在于批评和建设的方向 , 是对基本的实践解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究的系统不仅可以显示文件和故障 , 还可以应用gis函数 , 分析自动生成地质文件和断层的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从新的角度 , 提出了一种基于遥感图像的多种特征分析方法 , 克服了基于pixel的分析方法的限制 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会进入了汽车增长的峰值时期 , 汽车所有者在车辆里花费更多的时间 , 从车辆到危险人民的健康不能忽略 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph基本调节活性 , 降低功率 , 总磷化合物的含量 , 抑制氢基和超氧化氢氧化物的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , 卡波特还向中国介绍了其它先进的产品 , 包括主浆、导电化合物、喷墨颜色、气凝胶和专用钻井液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但是 , 机器能互相通知的智能网格或精密农场 , 使其后一个决定 , 明显减少能源使用 , 因此 , 温室气体污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	这个任务 " 找到和看病人记录 " 可能是由大多数组织使用的 , 而这些任务 " 创建和更新病人记录 " 可能只用来承认和前面桌面工作人员 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	采用结构光谱技术的主要缺点是 , 无法通过抽取相机来获得无视点的数据 , 或不能通过光源来照明 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件dclet.toml被引用为该插件的内容表 , 这个文件将为eclipse左页面的层次信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	提出了数据挖掘的许多隐私保护算法 , 包括数据挖掘规则、分类、聚类等 , 但是几种算法是为外观检测 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女人和男人在很多简单的任务上工作时 , 例如搜索关键或做数学问题时 , 女性明显地表现出男性 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	不能从129名法律制造商的一块支持 , 同盟到ozawa先生投票反对韩先生的任命 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	提高路由免疫功能:伴侣集中在减少警察和措施等疾病的合作关系也有助于建立新的和现有疫苗的更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	gbagbo的出口不可谈判 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育可能不能为这项职业生涯做出必要 , 但是你可以在门里获得足够的进步 , 更好地在汽车和柴油技术的基本培训 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了更换健身金牌 , 请通过地区休闲服务办公室或运动中心提交卡表格 , 并支付25美元的费用 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	大中茶椒 " 大辣椒 " , 肉 , 厚厚 , 鲜亮的颜色 , 丰富的香味 , 味道丰富 , 味道丰富 , 具有 " 中国名法 " 的声誉 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:对天津10所医院呼吸道感染的253例aecb患者的临床资料及抗生素耐药性进行了综述 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	本文简要介绍了水理表面和拖拉的原理 , 简要综述了新途径和最近进展 , 以制备这种水理表面的制备方法 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效率和准确分类已经提高了层磨削效率 , 从而提高了321层矿产输入 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我正在寻找一个 " 出口 " 的时候 , 我是由湖江的头部 , 为我出生的女儿 , 现在几乎5个月 。
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	另外 , 清洗技术可以使用无针塑料同步洗涤牙 , 液压水或软洗涤 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	他们眼中的美元标志教授总是宣布最新的革命管理技术或最热门的新 " 吸尘器 " 的出生 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	星期二 , 美国制造商在8月的一份报告显示 , 今年8月第一次在美国制造业扩张 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	伯克利大学建筑系主席玛丽·莱里奥说: " 建筑师是最乐观的职业 。 "
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	法国建筑师jacquerie的设计被法国建筑师rougerie绘制出来 , 一个基于水的建筑工程的船员 , 并被联合国文化机构联合起来 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放式的洛杉矶空间 , 四个年轻人站在屏幕上 , 四个是圣雅根 。
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 , 运用matlab软件对自适应梁形成和da的serval算法进行了分析 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	指定了两个管道和一个二角单元 , 作为每个lcss不manmanmaned表面车辆的一部分 , 开发这些战争任务 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 律师捐赠了他所有的负面、专辑、摄像机和个人日记 , 从这些照片和文本中 , 我们发现了一个异常生活的故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	气压较低 , 所以气动力学效应较低 , 最终导致球运动速度快 , 直径比下游速度更高 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	由msci测量的世界股票 , 本周高达51/2周 , 投资者将近几十亿美元的现金收入 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	全地介绍和具体分析了学生运动和教师手册的概念、选择、组织和表现、内容、编写、编写学生的运动和教师的手册 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你太疲惫了 , 离开房子的限制 , 卸下电话 , 打电话 , 打电话 , 打电话 , 打电话 , 打电话 , 把帽子花在家里的整个周末 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	就像狮子一样 , 内亚的一位早期 , 丛林保持了一个中国风格的官僚制定了他们的后果和部落状态 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 它感觉像你一样熟悉 , 比如在mdardara里烹饪一只狮子菜 , 以及在熟悉周围的奇怪的感觉 , 比如东京 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林峡谷的闭合 , 平均高和直径的增加也增加 , 但是单位面积的数量降低 , 更新的解释从任务到均匀的变化 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含人皮过敏反应、无毒、无味、无味、无味、无味、左心、右心、拉好、耐用、耐用和良好的皮肤 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	卡梅丽塔·蒙蒂尔 , 一个二十岁的弗吉尼尔 , 刚洗澡在橙色的水里 , 正在把罗马的叶子放在皮尔·特内拉的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们在这里使用这样的工具来增长自己的twitter的出现 , 以及每天的客户 , 学习了twitoprank的最佳实践和工具最佳的工作 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以产生特异的免疫反应 , 主要通过活化肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤抗原 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	从冰淇淋和瓶水到电灯 , 汽车和航天器都带来了公众的关注 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月晚些时候 , 西在中国研究社区发表了他的指控 , 这是中国的研究社区之一 , 为了暴露伪科学和学术错误 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	hcvv特异的cd8t细胞反应在急性hcvin感染患者无论病毒成果或病毒特异性cd4t细胞反应 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我还感谢布鲁斯·李先生的家庭为他们的全心支持 , 李先生的窗户林达 , 个人帮助准备我们的参考的布局计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	shin先前的solo努力包括2005年的专辑 " 感谢............最特殊的选择 " , 后来 " 疲劳 " , 但他最新的打击 , " 标志shin的第一张专辑 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市里 , 运动模块已经从当地政府面临着稳定的概念 , 作为他们的足球、篮球、篮球和篮球的价格建立了新的宫殿 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于porcelain是陶瓷 , 因此它的表面平滑 , 显著不像老粘结材料一样 , 它不会染咖啡 , 茶 , 红酒或烟雾 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉范·蒂格林设计是澳大利亚国际采购商 , 需要购买纺织原料及织物、家具、家具、家具、礼品、陶瓷等 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重的绝对增长、前肢体重、身体长、前肢长、后肢长、后肢长、后肢长、刷长和第三条长度呈正常分布 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	西班牙、卢森堡和德国西班牙、意大利、意大利和希腊 , 出现了古老的文化稳定型的工作 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式也参加了王庆山、林锦、王锦涛、美国副总统乔布登、国务卿、美国副总统、美国副总统乔金·比登、国务卿和其他陪伴工作人员 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	拉丁的思想挑战了传统精神疗法的传统观点 , 让人们查询这些基本假设 , 统治他们的生活和思想 , 离开心理实践的标志 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	西娜官方网站的米兰·莱德罗格里米兰·格里米兰对阵米兰: " 是的奇怪 , 但现在我在西娜获得这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验结果表明 , pca在2年前产生的模型预测了95.8%的内样本和93.3%的外样本 , 改进方法97.5%和90.0% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	乔治华盛顿总统布什说: " 这个预算对我国的未来的债务增加了更多的债务 , 通过弗兰克林·罗斯福和林登·约翰逊和乔治·布什的债务 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	奥密武装了一只 , 看到你的巨大的脸部和眼睛 , 手臂 , 脚脚 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 表现出恐惧的行星 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	它还有高层教师 , 所有有外交学位 , 其中包括一位国家关键教师冠军 , 两名与北京关键教师冠军 , 六名 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	采用电流速度估计法对vti介质的宏观速度模型进行了同时描述 , 可同时适应isotropy、弱isotropy等 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , ptp1b的表达水平或活性的变化可能影响胰岛素签名 , 并且可能对胰岛素抗性观察到的胰岛素抵抗 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国队长阿里斯塔尔·达林与他的部长红色调度箱 , 他留下了111条下街 , 路径交付年度预算 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	通过mtt检测 , 测定了nk细胞的杀死活性 , 并用直接免疫荧光法测定了t细胞子群d4+、cd8+ 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园明亮的扬尔多房子 , 身份好的房间 , 所有的高端家具 , 所有礼物 , 所有的礼物 , 土地好的沟通 , 丰富的诺贝尔气体 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在精子和卵巢中 , 证明钙信号在一系列复杂的过程中有很大的作用:接收、周围反应、卵母成熟、肥胖、胚胎清洗等 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南龙选取质量的猪肉菜 , 添加新鲜的鸡蛋比例 , 纯明的明珠淀粉 , 姜和小磨海油 , 搅拌进粉碎 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	突尼西亚的选举和前利比亚领导人穆阿尔玛·卡扎菲的戏剧演绎了伊朗赞助的地方 , 以确保沙特的敌意在华盛顿 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icsbtv是上海媒体集团广播有限公司和ics的一家新广播电视客户端 , 使人们看到ic、生活和vod的编辑程序 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 伊塞俄比亚南部的一个城镇 , 伊塞俄比亚独立人口21 , 21 , 107岁 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是 , 在这个例子中 , 只有你才能认识到 , 有更多的思想和智能运动 , 我不会在这里说智能设计 , 智能设计可以更有效地解决这个问题 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体周二报道 , 罗马 , 四月七日7日强大地震袭击中心意大利 , 至少有150人死亡 , 伤害了约1500人 , 00人死亡 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据军事官 , 摧毁者的帆船员 , 编码dg169武汉 , 进行了全面的练习 , 重点对快速响应、检查和模拟攻击 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗在所有这些事情里的消息是 , 我不做任何事情 , 我只是在这里面对法律 , 我在这里为我人民和我民族的传统 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	像以前的攻击一样 , 星期三在香港的忙碌的北点地区发生的事件显然从附近的高层建筑中扔进了人群的购物区 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	无论中央银行认为 , 中央银行认为经济不能承担稳定的价格 , 中央银行的需求是最终确定的 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究对象每周吃蔬菜全部食物 , 从脂肪中10%的热量食物 , 每周走30分钟 , 使用压缩技术 , 每周到一小时 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街头站在一起共存 , 各种手工的南方 , 拥有ivory和木雕的图片 , 森林鸟 , 花卉 , 形状生命类似的地方 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究的目的是描述正常台湾成年人的pinch强度规范 , 探讨年龄、性别、高、重量和数字长度对pinch强度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州公路104个国家公路 , 北京广海铁路通过北部和南部运行 , 自从古代 " fdbwa三 " 地方 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年代和1970年代 , 由于大规模363英尺的火箭发射了阿波罗宇航员到月球 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	汉族文化的典型象征标志标志着汉族文化 , 如何在远山地区居住苗族女性呢 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生说 , 周二和周二 , 学生在大学管理建筑外保持和平示范 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严重运行第十七届国会的精神 , 为抗腐败工作和诚实的政府建设 , 6 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 商务部发布了 " 数千名农村村村 " 的商务部门 , 飞行员告诉市场 " 正式发布 " 数千名农村 " 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	三星nx10运动大型3.0 " 摩擦屏幕的专家建立了它的技术 , 比较明亮的lcd屏幕更清晰 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能导致波尔冰囊融化 , 迫使人类生活在凯文的成本者或 " 海湾流 " 停止 , 转变纽约城 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险微化原理 , 研究了误差penalty参数c和内核参数对矢量机械的支持能力 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过全文的句子的分析和全名句子的概率逻辑系统 , 具有良好的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的路径上 , 克里斯托弗·赫特芬斯 , 一个极端主义者 , 显示 , " 当喜剧人平坦总统 , 他们成为法庭主义者 , 这个国家成为巴拿共和国 。 "
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	正如詹姆尔·贝尔哈贾一般的公债主任 , 认为这是我们保持固定和浮动率债务的最佳组合 。
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	设计访问发动机、柴油泵、齿轮箱、关闭、刹车、asd、sr、sr、电屋控制、dashel等电子系统 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	律师的协会应当根据律师法律、律师法律、律师协会、律师协会和职业规定执行职业自我规定 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	老年创伤患者的循环功能主要是由低血压引起的 , 但对心脏不足有必要的鉴别 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们在社会和情绪学习中讨论了五个核心竞争力 , " 维斯伯格说 , " 自我意识、社会意识、关系技能和责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 净水 , 水清洗 , 酒屏 , 旋转鼓屏 , 喷气扩散器 , 泵 , 水滤波器 , 带滤波器 , 粉末溶液泵和泵装置 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了一种基本原理和仿真方法 , 尤其是在ybranch结构的交谈中 , 并对其耦合性能进行了研究 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治·布什经常被10pm、托马斯·爱迪松、纳波仑、康索拉西亚大米的床上 , 他在4.30毫米左右醒来 , 最严肃的海明威都被称为拉克 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	通过酸性和碱性水解、氨基酸分析和tg方法 , 建立了某些相互分子交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 并敦促联合国在某些传统武器的会议 " 一个协议附加的协议 " , 所以为集群武器提供合法性 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 在经济价值的基础上 , 这些损失将进一步达到900亿美元 , 将总信贷损失1.7亿美元的危机时期 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	苏pachai的评论是星期五的美国代表家星期五将再次投票 , 修订了700亿美元的救助计划 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可人希望向许可证人提供资金的支持 , 许可证人希望从许可证人、非签署、地理检索许可证人获得的要求 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	基于发酵的瑜伽小时 , 我们将新鲜奶作为原料 , 蜂蜜 , 精华 , 糖糖进入乳酸细菌生产水果味饮料 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	诗人亚尼斯·瑞索曾经称为蒙瓦西亚 " 石船 " , 而那些曾经访问过 " 垃圾 " , 萨尔托比亚 " 为世界提供了 " 新鲜的逃避 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种情况发生时 , 胰岛素产生更多的量来补偿 , 血液流量与胰岛素有关 ; 血液中高含胰岛素的胰岛素有关 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	本专利的支持公式 , 艾米德伦有效的临床证明了自然成分的临床成分 , 以解决男性激素调制的5个关键阶段 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行资源表示 , 虽然全部采取被看作是一个伸展的公司 , 但有些公司可能会在亚洲引起hp的竞争 , 例如中国莱诺夫集团有限公司和台湾的公司 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	探讨了西安农业结构调整的必要性和思考 , 根据农业现状的调查和分析 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单基本模式垂直性激光器的潜在应用 , 如光网、光网、光连接、光学存储等 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年 , 德国防部推荐了几个军队基地 , 并从250 , 000名军队削减军队数量 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	朱林是新的 , 重点对她来说很好 , 但是她对别人的眼睛有假说 , </p><qiulin去了董事 , 坚持自己 , 董事们欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	2008年第四季度的增长数字显然很清楚 , 大多数分析人员留下了努力 , 工作在世界第三大经济中真正发生的事情 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全面的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的破产法律 , 应该恢复当前的违法缺乏个人破产的缺陷 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过模拟和修正 , 得到了更准确的实验数据 , 得到了亚氨多米的校准曲线 , 得到了线性系数为0.995 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累答案 , 但是由于我正在提取 , x就会使x越来越负面 , 随着它进入无限环境 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	约伯登 , 副总统 , 今天在与nbc采访中回应共和党吸烟 , " 我听到很多批评 , 但我从来没有听到任何事情 。
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一个独特的环境 , 山地范围对居住的生命形式有艰难的试验 , 然而 , 挑战提供了适应和进化的必要动机 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 它能帮助实验制定葡萄糖等离子体 , 能明显减少实验、节省人力资源、时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 乔治敦大学教育中心主持罗伯特·西格尔问安东尼卡内瓦 , 乔治敦大学的主任 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个人商务 , 邀请你们的怀疑或意义的朋友 , 一个信任的朋友知道你的业务 , 假如你可以做个小时的费用账户或律师 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国的能源丰富的饮食使国家达到了 " peak煤 " 的风险 , 当需求扩大国内生产能力 , 专家相信的时候 , 煤的需求将会扩大国内生产力 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了雕塑的陶瓷作品 , 虽然抽象 , 但在天然世界里 , 简单的曲线和绝缘形式探索生物形态和结构生长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节省计划是在儿童年轻的资产集团上经营的 , 转换到一个更保守的小组 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中晚粉末粉末 , 成熟的水果在小绿、高明、高质量、适合冻结的处理或烹饪粉末 , 种植于春季早期 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国有4000家公司 , 根据百度资金签署的第一季度 , 在客户的广告中 , 百度广告只有16 , 0.4%的持有公司总额 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	对于越来越多的时间开放的思考 , 看着雅虎开发商网络采访者的采访 , nyt的桌面获得了frid , 高级软件架构师在开幕后面 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在icrp1990年建议中 , 介绍了一种新的重量因子 , 用来替代吸收剂量的质量因子q , 以改变吸收剂量平均 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	介绍了一种基于拉里图像信号中最大的连续语音信号的标记匹配算法 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	利物浦总统在昨晚八场比赛前六场比赛中总统的利物浦经理声称他是 " 100%的球队 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这种技术到目标gm植物时 , 我们就可以简单地识别并杀死发生的gm株并没有打击传统植物 。 "
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上拖出床 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " 比尔·克佩克说 , 一个相关的心理3教授 , 以及研究的作者 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	虽然许多人继续识别黑色眼睛 , 但佐勒说 , 它从来没有真正在审计中出现风格 , 而且只要它也不太重视 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	上海、深圳、广州和广州移动到12、12、23和23rd的中国城市 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	结果 , 使用静态vxml文件 , 即使选择更小的灵活性、反应性和扩展性 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然保护 , 党的生活 , 后来我们的情绪 , 聪明的触摸着心灵 , 清新心灵 , 强烈的海泽香气带来多样的味道 , 突然生命相对 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata , 另一家大型采矿公司 , 在多米尼克尔共和国的一家尼克尔矿的一家运营中 , 另一家大型采矿公司 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据重要价值 , 将北京武山自然保护区植被分为3种植物类型、5种植物类型、42种、139个协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的事情 , 因为如果你在宇宙的直径附近的答案 , 那么你会知道你可能会做错误 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2010年1月15日 , 美国航天航天卫星上的高空气热排放器和反射辐射器捕获这些伪造器图像 , 并于2003年1月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	由于schosome基因学、转录学和蛋白学的积累信息 , 对单分子的功能有很大的需要 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死海矿物提高皮肤细胞代谢的肌肉裂纹和刚度 , 保护身体对流体损失和平衡酸碱水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司内容为硬化、正常化、温度高、介质温度淬火、金属带炉淬火、水泥、水泥、时间冻结、高温处理等 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	南通大学张海丰大学化学工程系 ; 国家关键化纤及多合物材料修饰实验 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约 , 美国:南苏县警察在周五最佳购买电子商店 , 标志着传统的购物季节 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国帮助者罗德尼·坎宁汉姆的志愿者 , 感谢低收入家庭的感恩节食品盒子 , 他将得到一个盒子自己喂养他的四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 武镇有一种营养能源 , " 今年的剧院节艺术主任陈明华说 , " 在内容和预算方面 , 他们已经给我们完全自由 。
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	经过欣赏展览后 , 列先生买了几种南方式的展览 , 查询了购买图片的业务 , 显示了对主人的作品的心情 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	通过内粘度、二甲基甘油含量、熔点、金属点、碳基端组、聚集粒子、粉末对纤维素芯片的检测结果进行了分析 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在以下儿子里 , 丰富的宽带大规模成熟 , 例如玉的脸色发出辐射射射射线 , 显示人们心目的完美生物智慧 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 元石庄皇帝库布拉伊在联合国战争结束后 , 坚定发出了一个令令南拆除城市墙后 , 严格拒绝修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgfa的表达主要是在肾脏疾病的管道和上皮细胞 , 直肠管和肺管的表达 , 但是igf1在移植动脉内表达 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	我告诉我的客户不要说: " 第一条 " , 一个职业教练朱莉·詹森说 , " 我不知道我想要的东西 , 但是我不知道这是什么 。
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	任何级别的政府的预算包括政府在更低层次的政府收入和收入的收入 , 或者高层次的补贴 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	或许你可能有一些愉悦的、令人愉快的小时 , 即使在贫穷的房子里 , 设置的太阳从窗户的窗口看起来就像富人那样明亮 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少20名当地马达拉萨学生已经消失了 , 大多数可能加入阿富汗战斗 , 塔利班后卫甚至试图阻止传统的音乐和舞蹈 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据中医学院呼吸分支的诊断标准 , 选用81例中医药学院的中药或中性支气管哮喘患者 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这是基于aix5.3中第一个出现的变化 , 当你不再需要改变严格的maxclient , 增加minfraee和maxfree , 或减少小的perm和maxclient 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	尽管早些时候 , 华尔街所谓的恐惧标准下跌 , 尽管股票的下跌几乎几乎没有理由买保护 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教会议会于1999年在澳大利亚坎普镇举行会议 , 2004年在巴塞罗那、西班牙、西班牙的巴塞罗那、西班牙设立了下一次 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在击败北美洲的尾巴赛季的尾巴 , 可能是病毒可能会在下一个秋天上彼得 , 但是这给我们准备好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 知道每场比赛都是可赢的 , " 拉姆奥多姆星期六的练习后说道 , " 因此我们已经下了10分钟 , 剩下六分钟 , 我们知道我们可以回到这场比赛 。
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , 建立和证明了进入公司客户系统的tmcs的良好工作流程 , 几乎独特地依赖于航空预订和服务的能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	在一份声明中 , 电缆通道的执行副总裁billshine表示 , 保守消防队的消息已经签署了多年的交易 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	最近几周 , 国际社区花费了500万美元的投票 , 美国高级官员承认 , 美国政府将远远离完善 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	他们补充说: " 在设计研究黄酮类食品、抗氧化剂活性和变性疾病的研究中 , 需要考虑饮食习惯 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后我们说 , 如果你看到电子的元素 , 电子的稳定性和电子传输也可以达到 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效的位置算法和误差估计 , 提出了基于切比shev地图的公钥方案的改进 , 并提出了一种关键的协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇、三甲醛、氨基甲醛和氨基甲基三聚酯制备了六种新型schiff基三聚酯 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带来了一些古老的包装案例和破碎厨房椅子的座位 , 以及那种类型的东西 , 把它们传播到地板上 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	可口可乐南太平洋去年运营广告称为 " 母亲和妈妈 " , " 尤其流行澳大利女演员克里·阿姆斯特强 , 并声称科迪是 " 孩子安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 人类胚胎外交纤维细胞株kmb17细胞的恶性转移可能会导致其可能对人类有潜在的癌症 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光在单晶硅薄膜石英基层或单晶硅硅薄膜基层上生长 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私立二级学校不可能成功地对自己的环境有益 , 以吸引学生的优质资源 , 学校必须有较高的质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论h2的表达状况与胃心腺癌有密切相关 , 她2的阳性表达是胃腺癌的预后指标 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcrr对两个细胞线的cxcr4mrna的表达进行研究 , 并采用流式细胞分析法对cxcr4表达进行检测 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	然而 , 纽约的生命保险保险公司在美国生活保险公司1555亿美元购买的美国寿命保险公司 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	如groovy或ruby这样的语言中构建脚本更容易阅读 , 有更小的集群 , 锅炉代码 , 并且您的构建脚本可以更好 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马的秋天并没有摧毁了新文化最重要的宗旨和重要的方面之一 , 罗马天主教会 , 这仍然成为新文化的中心事实 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西利先生是一位80岁的抗议客户 , 他在与共和党领导人一起共和党领导人共和党领导人共和党领导人一起宣布自己的生命 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国的婴儿体育者正在被洪水淹没到退休 , 在欧洲市场里 , 印度和印度大量的学生数量的高品质候选人 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年的新生电影《新世纪30年代》是基于投机者的内部土地gab的 , 比特水战争了20世纪30年代的水和权力部队 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	针对gb/t19230.62003中指定的m11发动机试验台 , 研究了不同油在空气输入阀和燃烧室中的作用 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果数百多名海地人能够迁移 , 那些多米尼亚、荷兰或萨尔沃多纳的数字表明 , 海地承诺将给海地经济带来巨大的和继续的加盟 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记住中国拒绝对日本的旅游渲染者 , 并保持三分之一的日军军力量 , 防止他们的战斗力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我猜我甚至说 , 即使我不会做出明显的直接的金融输入到我们家庭 , 我的志愿者工作很明显 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回气氛越来越多 , </p><11周老雨虹一起吃 , 两个人在老星期觉得好信号 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	相对新的竞选组 , 例如英国联合传统政治参加节日 , 包括贸易联盟 , 绿色、绿色和草原群体 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	采用双峰对平北地区的平衡温度进行了表征 , 意味着平湖地区至少出现两次水碳填料 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	这种流体太热 , 上海古气温达50°c , 至少增加了普通古代碳酸盐岩的生成速率 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	本文研究了高温蒸汽生产的高温蒸汽对绿茶含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧形轨迹的几何模型 , 建立了其分析解决方案 , 提出了目标攻击分析的新算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我看来 , 有晚宴会可以加强朋友的友友友的友谊 , 但不会忘记我们不应该把别人的痛苦 , 而享受自己 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	例如 , 展览的各种功能:会议室、信息机构、食品站点、广告列等12个透明橙色圆柱 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中海文化年的礼物 , 全球文化大使最后将在印度海洋上举行珠宝 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业馆很近城市文明馆 , 日本总是注意参加世界博览会 , 确保它不会失望你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧、澳大利亚、中东、中东、东亚、东南亚和美国 , 我们每月都有规定的货物 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三百五十二条合同的有限订单可能会立即执行订单 , 或者必须立即执行完整或其他订单 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的忠诚对他的主权 , 江蒙是一首诗人、学者和著名部长 , 相信在朝鲜时代的儒家主义 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	女人或女孩的服装、装饰、夹克、夹克裙子、裙子、裙子、裤子、裤子、圣经和手镯整体短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	具有 " 大意识 " 的商业正在绘制一个声音 , 作为良好的信仰者或描述未来的蓝色印刷 , 或指出未来一代的疯狂 ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	结果发现 , gekkogeo可能提高患者的卵巢功能 , 血管功能障碍 , 血管不孕等 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的探讨用电子学检查法提高脑增加损伤的机理和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	结合某些项目例子 , 计算了桥导航宽度的计算和分析 , 提出了几种建议 , 实现目前导航标准 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这个乌加圭队里有更令人惊讶的离开 , 马西·佩伊拉的伤害时代打破了最后一分钟的比赛进入了荷兰的防守者 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月27日出生在华盛顿 , 爱尔兰美国歌手玛丽娅·凯伊和非洲venezuelan工程师父亲 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地军队的平静利亚松官员 , 叫驾驶员 , 如果他们的旗帜飞行 , 他们就会面临攻击 , 或者打击行员或伤害他们 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 以色列新鲜的六天战争记忆 , 他因为亲吻犹太女人、巴布拉·斯里斯德和电影《女孩》而造成了四次 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄站在远处 , 围绕着柔软的绿谷的河流 , 几乎没有知识到海洋的三岁的孩子的风暴和热情 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品不仅表达了社会诗歌的不稳定性和不稳定性的历史 , 而且达到了当前事务的完美融合和社会美学特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	帕丁森 , 由粉丝编织的rpatz , 承认他仍然被用于球迷的赫斯特斯特尼亚 , 当他在2008年第一次打球时 , 第一次打败了艾德华·卡伦 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	ocampo说 , 当危机不折叠和市场价值的时候 , 投资者看起来很便宜的股票 , 预计收益在18至24个月 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 进一步的武器削减 , 两者希望平滑道路协议2010年电池核不增长的条约 ;
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年7月7日 , 2010年世界杯半决赛半决赛中 , 西班牙的卡尔·普莱奥在德国的目标球员马布希达球场比赛 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	福特说 , 在恢复过程中 , 增加信心的迹象 , 将开始推动其库存水平在最近几个月内保持的400万辆车级 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街表示 , 总理大卫·卡梅隆决定停止作为他的个人摄影师 , 因此避免 " 公众释放错误的信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自从2010年2月选举以来 , 元科夫奇在两个方向上移动 , 巩固他的个人权力 , 同时也与欧盟采取经济整合 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 用重组 , 单级液压盘前刹车 , 液压后脚刹车 , 压钢轮 , 进入红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在大电视屏幕前一天 , 伊丽莎白42岁的伊丽莎白 , 42岁的父亲面对着她的父亲24岁的口号 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐将提高185万美元的皇室公园 , 这为第二部电影提供了设置 , " 桥桥琼斯:原因的边缘 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自从1956年英国独立以来 , 苏丹北部领导人已经在反叛的南方扩大他们的权力 , 在过去的48年里 , 平民战争 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这是 , 直到十九世纪的伟大的考古发现 , 为了我们远东的伟大文明 , 我已经绘制出了一个明显的生命地图 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福德.伯恩斯坦分析师jeffreylindsay估计 , 雅虎的标准价值接近25美元 , 每股25美元 , 留下微软或谷歌的任何交易 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	突然他遇到了危机 , 我不会进入我们的银行深度 , 因为他们想赚更多的钱 , 以及我们的投资银行 , 墙街头发布不同的抵押贷款 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品的复制 , 总共有381磅 , 所以 , 把它们送到欧洲学者 , 杰达瓦·辛赫教授 , 他的 " 介绍给马达米基哲学 " 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家sobekatsusshiro和mizunoryo继续遵循日本的理想风格 , 其中一个画出了它的铅笔的昆虫世界 , 另一个建立了它的大气 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有许多其他旅游区 , 比如道尔苏尔 , 莫普里斯 , 德斯塔 , 科斯塔多尔 , 科斯塔 , 澳大利亚 , 多数旅游都是不知的 。
