there is a television in the middle of living room .	住宅中间有一个电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新建筑上 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果必要 , 我们将发送一个电信家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	你把它们固定在你的第一aid厨房里 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	难以置信的朱克斯塔位置是不可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他在顶部的山顶上走了一只猫 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但是他的老师评论: " 你还不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是中国梦中显示的一年 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	我将于2010年10月17日加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里闪烁 , 毫无影响 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料的供应很大程度上加强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种步行牵引器在柴油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一套塑料盖 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	这是由刚果红所揭示的精神结构 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是学生 , 我们自由收费 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是什么心理学家在晚上梦想 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那时他不会突然离开广告 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	评价评论 ; 夸利 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人嫁给赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多要求一点沉淀吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力受到反应力的击败 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	接触旧知识 , 揭示新的课程 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	无限华清池 , 是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	所有的小蜡烛燃烧出来 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我被称为 " wikiwikiki " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	疾病是痛苦的 , 死亡是痛苦的 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	表示每个阀门操作声水平 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子被拉进直线 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	这里正在浏览海盗的鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	在巴黎后 , 维罗兰塔回来后 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	有些人来自狭窄的jail细胞 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	当夫妇回家时 , 沙玛问她丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我采取深入的吸收 , 抑郁在新鲜 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	2003年到2007年早晨 , 我是一位编辑 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	这种伟大的胜利是不合理的预期 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近在公司做了很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但是 , 固定的沙丘是物种之间的矛盾 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听到那样的话 , 她脸对嘴唇有白色 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	这并不足以说有些经济增长 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子是多么肮脏的 ! 它有很多尘埃 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后约书亚让人离开 , 每个人都到他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	在案例中 , 有一个字符libra的碰撞应该隐藏 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	路上 , 几个旅客希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了doap主页的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆汽车来了 , 一辆汽车 , 一辆人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古老的野生独自和海豚连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我对我的荣誉而言 , 我不知道这是什么 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是绑定/unbind方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多花有几个破碎的肋骨 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲里是一种特殊负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活中最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是计划3的反对 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	即使是孩子 , 摩西选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家家的家庭变成教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看到parley.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的沙迪房间和干燥地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	详细地给出了每个视图的选项 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在一家宠物店买了一套喷雾的沙姆波 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性被系统使用 , 并不应被修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候 , 杰克的狗小了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰罗忘了 , 他自行车掉下来 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	参加者:当然 。 奶和糖 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的接待是最平坦的种类 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅再次见约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我已经丢了我的字典 , 请给我留下你的 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英语文章如此困难 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这就是我们如何到fahreheit范围 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说 , 她没有与世界联系 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由交叉部分连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克尔德:我发现美国的倡议高度问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去通常所有的事物博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	没 , 这就是人们怎么指的小女孩 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她病人等待法国完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁都有下列基本属性
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	这些是各种各样的申请人 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接跨越阿科建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400伟大的vowel转移开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为单子性能的细节性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的哥哥哥和妹妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	所以 , 家人是怎样的保护 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 福伊娜发现她在口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 没有人和他一起曾经是过过过的 。 "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在 , 我们在那里有一个很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米比sue小 , 比李小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	柔软的皮肤 , 红唇 , 所以可吻 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意 , 元数据存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他作为敏感但强大的记者 , 他是完美的 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	所有它都看到的是所有的元素 , 都是相同的 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	必须修改文件系统 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	你意味着 , 你是否拥有吗 ? 父亲 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	周一你觉得我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	通过软件开关设置支持j1939 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生们一直在与明星节工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	赢家是第一次在一个空间里抽三个人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张斌简单回答 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看起来没有进一步比令人惊讶的肌肉制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼棕色变成小峰 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	离开她的爱人 , 她离开了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个示例php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的人并不总是有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个公园 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻通过观众发送了一名欺骗者 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后将电池驱动到轮子里 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请将完成的形式归到你的学校 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张图片价值一千个字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这完全是错误答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪 , 冰冻 , 海岸回来 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	这些轮胎老了 , 已经平滑了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	您的伙伴本周可能是可怕的 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我一直在对我所有的权利感觉进行比较 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	去除链驱动轮 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是校园里的英雄性格 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但是 , 命运并没有给他们带来机会继续 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要把它放在水平上 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子太接近传送商 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	泰西德里弗:好吧 。 是你的行李吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	增加现实的常量表数 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送往大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一声喊道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联骑士在他的纪念碑里死了 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水走了他的喉咙 , 他开始醒来 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像花和精神一样 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们住在哪种土地 ? 是好的还是坏的 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一条棕榈 , 用河驱下来 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 伤害 , 或者否则最大规模 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	没 , 我觉得你能去 , 我甚至不能得到法兰 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的教堂里 , 把一分钟放在一起 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督对他的母亲说 , 她想哭 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道了50年最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你认为这些更抽象的东西是想法的 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	阿特一学期 , 我一年看见可能父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法采用原材料溶于甲醇 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	对于她的眼睛来说 , 爱是轻轻的闪烁 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但是信用是汽车业的生命血液 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者在你身上有一个序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你是否有经历在巴约马出去吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬发很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的弟弟和他的妻子是一对幸福的夫妇 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是 , 有很多不确定的关于它将涉及的事情 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决策快沙中得到了迷惑 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在玩耍之后直接回家 , 你怎么样 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行动并不符合他的话语 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 , 他很高 , 很强 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但是他们太恐怖了睡眠 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写了这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一个帕根...谁崇拜的偶像 。
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在那个数字游戏中 , 它将它转换为1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请改变单房间 , 洗澡 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但是 , 改变的事情是令人失望的 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行官从来没有看到任何事情 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	很喜欢 , 她从房子里跳出来 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	苦境冲击生命 ; 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它把我们的房子变成葬礼帐篷 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或许神经是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以这是溶液混合物的地方 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能把我送到下一个城里吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	输入箱进入几条新行 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	绿色来这里吗 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有通讯都在写作中 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 米迪斯克在时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以在家里引起钻石 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	新学校选择了一个网站 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他把他的弟弟取代为进球员 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的花朵 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周也许是一个例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导电器:银镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	我还没有从jetlag中恢复过 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	火炬象征着亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮完全进入西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生儿童中提高了这些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但首先 , 有人必须把它们带到他们的运输坦克里 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示它们的房间 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后照亮火上的东西 , 燃烧它 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章节在我们的书馆中可用 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住这是坏的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 不管怎样 , 债务将是巨大的 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	然后我记得回家 , 我在我家的路上遇见你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们停止每头3200美元的钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有钟问题 , 你需要修正这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司法设备 , 用户需要接触我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不能根据人民的愿望 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我叫做时 , 他在汉姆的时候 , 他正在做 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上一张护照照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	大象 , 你的耳朵像圆柱 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嘿 , 你周五是免费的 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.roundrobin的顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我在工作中忽视它 , 伤害我的心 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得那个风吹了些 。 笑 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿飞可以透露植物干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场18号 , 河板18号 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	到了路上 , 我不想一夜飞行 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过公交车 , 因为他迟到了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 手枪 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 , 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑不放在项目0中 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么所有最好的党都在岛上找到了 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有直切和上切 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	房间里放了一个新炉 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	公司是一家电子产品的世界领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一双双螺旋螺旋螺旋 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	研制了fermi操作符的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深刻的事情 , 正如你教的那样 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 ! " 麦格说 。
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 您需要给它一些数据来解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9锤钻每个湾 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来很厉害 , 我在他身上拿了钱 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	这是我第一爱 , 我怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你是否需要非hk股票交易 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在在我家里已经超过20年 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	一只老狗会学不到新技巧 。
minutes of board committee meetings	五分钟董事会会会会议 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们在饥荒中找到了保护 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头上稳定 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员有一个塔塔孔 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	区别l值和r值之间 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	shine , 你不能拥有任何不满的 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好了 。 我离开了五分钟 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是大象的一段时间 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	舒张计可足够小 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远离大连来自lvshun ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	安装的灯光逮捕器在哪里 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样温暖 , 诚挚的心 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而 , 中国迅速上升了这个共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会为背骨赢得战斗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	它迫使你 , 相反 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	几年前我记得来这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员对心灵和平 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图在火中保持头 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看看吗 ? 比如食物一样吃 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛闪烁着放松和快乐 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须可持续 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方来获得创业资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们仍然是独立的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵在酒吧里躺下来 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 非常清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你正在去 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把声音降低到一个威斯特 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本汽油设备检测assn 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是一个白色的sox风扇吗 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最喜欢的三角形 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是带着你的财产 。 "
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我很完全 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的部分利益都是不可保证的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望下次看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤亨庆 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但是这也是一个存在的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	船只在船头上打破岩头 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他被必要的驱动到偷窃 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班里有五十个学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我要买那美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你很高兴在麻烦的水里钓鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我将带我的叶子 , 像蝴蝶一样 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一个3picemafiastyle适合 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	帕斯qualegiunta:确保有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	指定的整体类型并未被发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	牛津对世界产生了巨大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长规则放在铅盒里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	其他人说 , 如果他们欺骗 , 或者滥用你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	当你的脑锁上时 , 你怎么能重复复 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	如果我有翅膀 , 我会飞到月球 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	蜜 , 我的贝尼实际上是什么 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树 。 当时 , 年轻时 , 是年轻的 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们都是哈佛 , 所以我们知道 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	马匹尔失去了他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一个1970年停止给他病毒 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后他在胸部跳了tweener 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	国防队在他们的游行中高兴 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我想要绿莓成为我的花粉 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还写了前面 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维拉特说 , 她将达到边境 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	男人从我的口袋里抽了一笔笔笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她将在晚上跑过她的线 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽踢得更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在重雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆吸烟了 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿那件坏吗 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	我们必须在索菲亚回来时开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	我看着牛 , 当她说的时候 , 妈妈 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼斯 , 你在谈论什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	牛排像皮革一样硬 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你有没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	晚上要多久 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫咪可以影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗衣机电机v带 ;
the young tree has struck root .	这棵年轻的树根有树根 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂拿下来 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学英语歌曲 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须降低 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 很黑 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们对这些变异产生了我们的存在 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	因此 , 你需要两个文档并且困难它们 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	怎样做好系统验证测试器 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你点最低的点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校 , 但在生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李丽打败吉姆 , 赢得第一位 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	奎:你每次都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人觉得这么冷 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是三个家人唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	感谢您呼吁日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华救我们从所有的遗产中拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢铁将告诉他们 , 他们打了我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	蒙西里李梅尔去哪里 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢了一些 , 你丢了一些 。 这是生活 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持那个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那一年 , 那天 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体在地板孔里被发现 。
knive are used to cut things .	knive被用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	如何不雨雨 , 才能建城 !
peace is always relational .	和平总是相关 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克·鲁塞尔是什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要从她的职责中走出她 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 威斯特尼亚的花是吗 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想知道今晚会带来什么东西 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你忘记我这么痛苦 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进树林里 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	阿:为了阻碍你们 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	杰夫喜欢与杰登玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想被告知成长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油改变之前 , 停止停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	入侵者们爬上城 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有的事情都改变 , 我们和他们改变 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	因此 , 他们从门里开车 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我认为他们最后一场胜利只是一场流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	此外 , 他只是一个婴儿 。
lily some money me the other week .	李莉莉是另一个星期的钱 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是paisley第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们奖励他们等待 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我想睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以用手术治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	政府被抓住 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在帕特里克获得一个麦克 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听到有人跳舞 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好种子的草原 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须在docot上改变列车 。
beat me half to death with it .	打我半到死去 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃太多汉堡 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她受到了惊讶 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后周末艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	狼的轨道是多大的 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大动脉可溶性 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成了安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上大坝 。
the bill was sent to her room .	比尔被送到她的房间里 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	你的汽车手册或自动 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它帮助你不太多 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这就是我认为金融是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他身上 ! 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	程序是什么独特的 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我永远不能把它们放在一起 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸的指导 !
losers hangout with losers .	损失者汉戈ut与损失者 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	一个羞耻的感觉来到她 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候 , 都有座椅带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家人 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来了我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请驾驶一点快 !
tingting seems nervous .	丁丁似乎紧张 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是鸟观看家 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把接收机挂起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发风格 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手闻着鱼 。
but there's reason for hope .	但希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的文章是如何从订单出来的 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一个震惊 , 冲了出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么能把价格放在生活上 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你知道什么 , 他 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像脂肪猫一样 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得相同的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同领导风格的工作 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有很多方法杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里是那么多油罐 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳子在这里 , 一个绳子 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们把刀绑在一起 !
this service defines three operations	这个服务定义三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花黄金像土壤一样 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些转变成 。
power elevation mill head .	电力升升高米头 。
that gives me the creeps .	这给我带来了蠕虫 。
ianto: that's just me .	安托:那是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是安德萨兹的主人 。
it was from the sugar i think .	我觉得这是来自糖的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么重新发行呢 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得超越热了 !
and put bomb craters in there .	在那里 , 把炸弹破碎机放在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧演了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我拿了一些小班 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动并得到股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	外面滑到一个大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我爱马德里 !
it does have intentions .	它有注意力 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	真是死了 !
what is the name of that process ?	这个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的asq朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小的 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自我明星吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建a.tc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但这仍然是我做好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 , 这是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	那么 , 我怎么做呢 ?
when did you start to act ?	当你开始行动时 , 你是否开始行动 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢莎麦波奥 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的祖母 。
that’s my girl .	这是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是个工作穷人吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天都学中国人 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 上帝就走了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的 。
what's montague ?	什么是蒙特拉 ?
time never comes back .	时间永远不会回来 。
as in organ donor .	作为组织捐赠者 。
are you a salesman ?	你是一个销售员 ?
we just don't know .	我们不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做到 。
i love my job !	我爱我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础的 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉它 !
d a digit	d一个数字d 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车规模施工过程简单 , 快速 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	严肃的父亲匆匆匆忙救那些丢失的羔羊...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发商谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	摄影俱乐部采取了一张照片拍摄旅行...
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	因此 , 我们在20年代中期做出的选择必须是一个非常聪明的 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要一个单位矢量 , 那么我应该把这个尺寸缩小到长度 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	魏比亚那年有巨大的铁墨石 , 剑通笔记 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续kabe先生作为学校主任 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这代表事故电子总能 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近年来 , 大脑水平受体成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学中 , 它是自编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	毫无疑问 , 或未能完成父母的期望 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	战斗快速 , 当你卡雅克时 , 把巨大的墨通河冲下来 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将自身修复或可留下几年 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践了面部表达 , 我就像狼一样 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这发生了五或六次 , 猴子很愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	因此我们认为dwarf突变 " ddf1 " 是气敏感 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	正如在佛罗里的部落 , 所以在神的王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有许多传说关于兰节的起源 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	在妇女的案例中 , 这通常包括性假设 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	睡眠是防止颈癌发生的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	关闭笔门的门 , 防止羊离开 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	多态度听到它 , 是在他的医学里的承诺 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	参议员:我看到你自己被抓到了一只马龙鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈妈 。 我要教她去骑边 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它提供了相关应用程序一起运行的机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	台海有另一个名字 , 福西 , 一个古代三皇帝 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twists可以帮助减轻内脏器官和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	男性马拉德鸭是他们长期以来著名的 , 精神生殖炎 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如此解决立即问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	然后看到 , 你走的环境 , 不像愚蠢 , 可是智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	橡胶山 ; 有限元建模 ; 静弹性特征 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创造中国世界杯 , 上海路球场建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领域 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	这是你是否去 , 但是周末只有时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人来说 , 我认为他最大的抽屉是像一个或多个双用户一样 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误的方向上喝得非常醉 , 模仿了家 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	数字从阿富汗贸易联盟获得支付 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到 , 我们只有一个生命 , 才能增强信服 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这种快乐是不可思议的 , 来自农民的廉价黄金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	那天没有否认自己的任何人都必须从他的人民中剪掉 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	福尼酒店开始适应两个人和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪万仙事件和罗拉的意义 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:你好 , 我是凯瑟 , 凯瑟·琼斯 。 你叫什么名字 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	马米是瘦的朋友很好 , 我最好的祝福 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗尼 , 鸟和牛仔喝蜜 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好的 , 这是一个直接前进的 , 还是不会吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场繁荣是稳定的 , 供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都对他们非常反对 , 书店 , 因为你知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期责任的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	在数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	你还可以尝试在google中使用一些先进的命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们也在希腊社区里搅乱情绪 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市都有城乡双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他总统说: " 他真的很错了 。 " 他说 。
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个稍微的金属声音 , 像一张口袋里的硬币一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我正在完成 , 没有一首歌曲和舞蹈 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停下来 , 男孩 ! 我想做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪钩可用于任何函数的入口或出口 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我前来到商业 , 但这次我在这里看着 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季小时 " 是美国最长的机构 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	这似乎大多数中国人使用了一个改进的emule , 滥用服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局的格鲁斯特板 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的睾丸帮助把几个超级器放在酒吧后面 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尽量尽量减少损伤的最佳 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	德国每天吃早餐75%的印象 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	谷歌谷歌互联网探索商的市场份额与铬共享 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	第一年我爸买了赛季票 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还祝福我们 , 我们能记住我们之前的生活 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	手铁路和禁车人应该建造无锈钢管 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天门广场是世界上最大的广场 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化门诊结肠炎疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	塑性变形的应力通常是压缩性的 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是我国最大的粮产区之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里克·布莱尔在乔治奥威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区变成了四个森林 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了促进这个任务 , birt提供了数据探索器视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:好吧 , 凯尔医生 , 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	塞尔吉奥:是的 , 确定是最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	这个男孩很惊讶 , 能够迅速解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	假设你有一个子团队在私人分支中工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了时间和杂志心理 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经在科学中构建了二分数 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术是沟通 , 也许人们可以从这个方面获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我的意思是 , 你已经谈论这并不适用 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 是一个手持计算器的道路吗 ? " 请诺维斯 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新思想正在渗透到年轻一代的心灵 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	我喜欢在这张照片里有另一个细节 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来更加强烈的雨水期间的干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员都搜索他的或她的图书馆后面 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	然后 , 创作根据三个神的相互爱 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你要做永久的话 , 那么你会切割花哪里 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	除了代码性能之外 , 好的程序员也努力为代码清晰度 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的兄弟学会骑自行车 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季的季节在我们身上 , 随着它来到洗衣季节 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在日常使用之前玩耍 , 例如错过重要调用 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们用来大型非毒性动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是第一次英国人与其他人联系的时候 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	大英野花没有什么东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究不同家庭对白白细胞群 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	任何尺寸限的范围都应该被包装成小的一个 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个瘦的 , 白发男子坐在木座上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但是 , 他仍然承认基督徒 , 因为他们面对死亡 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五个步骤 , 你可以帮助你的机器跑得更快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	这份报告在埃利娜奥蒂兹伤口边缘发现的那条头发 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , cms存储在数据库中所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	文章流量比法相似的过程 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的母亲正在为客户包裹一些香蕉冰箱 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	左边是罗马皇帝哈利亚的一个寺庙 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管的连接是由消息接收器完成的 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	试验结果:吸烟有毒于尾孔 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效果和罗根图间隔 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我推荐所谓的 " 小城英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了使用钛计的应用条件及方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	无论咖啡因禁止细胞是少清晰的 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	9to5工作计划提供足够的时间来放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了几个例子吗 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船员不能找到任何东西 , 在船上捕捉海啸 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名死亡士兵在残疾状态下躺在了 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	下午 , 你总是可以在下午或到大马上去做 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年的贫困线总数:815 , 755
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	肯桑尼居民说 , 飞机已经破坏了三块 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着到来的国家日子 , 我有一个星期的假日 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应物在出现中激烈 , 但现实可费 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	这个男孩玩得很强 , 最小化他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	这里有些地方我们还没有拖着摩利 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我目前生活的一个必要城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须进行调查 , 直到所有事实都被发现 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论腹膜诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	乘客们用海病变得十分绿 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请在你雇佣他们之后用清洁纸线线抽屉 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一个诺贝尔曼在她自己的权利举行了vis账户的排名 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	这样做会帮助消除城市污染的有害影响 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多专业技术有助于考古学 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态经济生产力和林业生产的发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算在每个分区中均行并行 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员已经确定了炸弹作为汉武器 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠道的白细胞瘤是一种不常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	故障字符串是故障的可读描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	开展各种部门共同努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能 , 你不会遇到这两个条件之一 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这个吗 ? 你没有比其他东西比较吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	米托隆德里亚的克里斯密切地安排了 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早晨 , 大多数突破的山应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我觉得这将与展览的人一起笑容 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些金诺比特 , 有些东西来平静这个家伙呢 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你继续收集 , 那么当你会有财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	这些 " 天主 " 都睡着 , 同时他们都呼吸了同样的热 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥尔良人 , 但我想回家去塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁 , 所以我会很慢地拍摄电影 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	谢奥巴马为所有的nasa削减而感谢奥巴马 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们所做的事情 , 应该是所有无限的感情 , 所以回到 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 到年底 , 它已经发现:它是虚假警报 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数世卫组织都要求他们接受的承诺 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我感觉非常沮丧 , 不喜欢做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要步骤 , 也可以成为调整最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	垃圾分子对开发信任也变得更加复杂 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制人士说 , 沙利波夫已经报道 , 船员感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	球员在自己的力量上 , 通过艰苦的工作 , 然后实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	答:绝对是 , 它给团队提供了一个成功的机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你形成的桥梁 , 你所知道的所有都是由此生命的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们两个裙子和裤子都看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗室里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端是蓝龙和白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	米宁为malware有金在他们的thar代理日志里 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	对不起 , 第二位年轻师 , 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺马 , 因为她是真正的人 , 永远不放在旁边 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨晚神破坏了我的灵魂 , 放在一个新的灵魂 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	黑旅游的发展从边缘到典型的实践 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	愿我们所有与爱与诚信、幸福和慈悲的成员生活 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 另一个形式的慷慨是共享神的话 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我在安静下埋了我的头 , 但我的姨妈听到我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿石和石油股市下跌 , 尤其是伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的影像发现从未被报道在文学中 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三名学生是交通教育课程 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	好几次 , 充满谋杀的看起来会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我特别是 , 你最喜欢的椅子是特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是两个月的焦炭 , 是一场心碎的悲剧 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二次出来 , 我们做什么 ? 告诉我怎么做 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节价win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	女人和上帝的祝福 , 必须遵守 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	物理考试中不容易掌握 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济勘探显著恶化 ;
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿里斯托邦的鸟--[down载pdf]
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	点击和拖拉从开始到终点 , 您希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	搅拌在巴西 。 斯潘·克里斯在米饭里吃饭 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件对应的 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但是 , 除非你结婚 , 否则继承它 , 还是工作很难 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观角度看到它们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界能否真正保证这个巨大的风险 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 有大量的火焰细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:$56 , 400美元97 , 400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称gizmo甚至可以改善你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天看到哈尔伯尔人是可能的吗 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风的地方 , 干机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	亚历克斯:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿和我一起 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后一个拉约翰举行了他 , 然后开始把他拿起来 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离婚了丈夫 , 现在只是独自生活 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	支付30分钟的支出正在寻找右笔 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不会结束面具对普通椅子 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的女人有毛吗 ?
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	由mccormack微线驱动提供的体积控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	如果他们正在用线杆擦拭脸 , 感觉就像是如此 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西是农业领导人 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短规模时间系列具有多分形性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我命令了头发 , 但你给我带来了绿色的蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们从厚的公共汽车背后射出毒箭 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国文化标志的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推进前进 , 成功最终会见你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以将任何电子邮件地址转换成谷歌账户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷关不可接受 " 表面 " 的 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海口是海南省海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的董事王凯刚教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了偶像模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	对于米菜、汤和巴斯塔来说 , 这是一个很好的补充 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	在每一幅画面之前 , 一幅美好的画面显示出来 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想增加福山 , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的速度 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	圆桌的少数男人有很多心来消失他们 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能甚至不会冒险伤害或饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知道的那样 , 互联网的特点是极具魅力和双重的 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时装一样 , 人们如何穿不同衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	用手工 , 你可以享受你的花茶 。
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	真空喷油机用户外使用 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云时 , 我是寒冷的 , 诱惑和悲伤的 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我将是灰色的 , 使我周围的那些不幸福 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你叫它一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记得吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后 , 他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一和每个后续的bezierspline只需要三个点 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	然而 , 神话与神话的地方 , 却是真正的撞击 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	我们参观的第二个地方是蒙古村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮钩使衣服更容易 , 更快 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这次是商业喷射行业的那些 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变默认门 , 打击输入关键两倍 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后讨论了jmi的程序和应用程序 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	斯蒂克·托耶达说 , 他不回忆会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全感到惊讶 , 自然的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的东西 , 零不存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	在我们中、慢发展中 , 人们正在平静生活 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	蜡烛板是所有观众portlet都被放置的地方 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼高迪从西班牙 , 主要对象 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接待者问: " 你看过医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后 , 尽管你是不用的 !
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火焰 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天有七个课 , 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是地球上开门的一个人 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们有银行制度和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃撞到桌子角 , 撞击了冲击 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	后来的船已经消失了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多异性的人都想关系和孩子 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	味着蜜蜂在传递中丢失了路 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你可以在哪里吃真正的驴子来消灭它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫做友谊7的小帽子里 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 这些我没有未来的东西 , 你知道 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐败是实践理论的重大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得我跑到野蛮 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学拥有一个良好的教师团队 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	然而 , 强烈的火箭规则可能会离开蛋糕 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染器决定您最终渲染器的质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花亮了岩石土 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	只有对那些人来说 , 苏米是母语的 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录列表的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	亚当和埃德伦花园里与神交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	平平平的母亲是地区护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家把假针插入我的静脉 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请根据合同修改您的副本 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说他的朋友是自信转桌子 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她很高兴地用sobs打开了声音 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道 , 另一边要怎么快才能得到热呢 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他喊着 , 跟他走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子在海滩上建造沙弹 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是最后一个房子泡沫的气体 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果听起来很好 , 请问如果有任何方法我可以看到它们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在明星飞行中 , 有些单位立即攻击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这位新画家不长时间在痛苦上行动吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们可以预测这是两个正常人之间的第一个日期吗 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	后来我发现这个世界充满受害者 , 有人说不 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦完成你可以使用你的房子 , 使垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 有年轻人愿意为波尼表达而骑 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它展示了所有的内容来自头和饺子记录...
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海上交易史的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	第一部分 , 您学习如何创建一个oex服务器应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	在整个情况下 , 我们不应该是一个好计划 , 而且我们不应该nitpick 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	从实施细节中分离测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你的生活中的多少部分会变得多少 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	放置更小的坚持交叉 , 使乳液效果更加明显 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把那个国家变成一个闭幕 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	geminis通常是语言、语言和写作的好处 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我为啤酒付了 , 所以我在最后的瓶子上叫dbs 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我能告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大回来 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	您需要计算多少时间的分配将采取 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	但是明天晚上没有 。 当你下一个自由的时候 。
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	马莉骨站用家庭边界通信包装 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	不要留在她是穷、疾病或不美的时候 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	今天我们决定不要收集贪婪 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性和建设有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和对照组具有异源性和异源性摄入 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 与匈牙盖有关的2个独立条件 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学的发展 , 计算机越来越受欢迎 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它交给瓶子水工业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	飞行天园谷的春天裂缝 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信上说 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把握一只手可带到一个15年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一条柔软的河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今晚工作清理了事情和所有的事情 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请把那堆半圆砖传递给我 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男子骂了这个国家寻找失去的孩子 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	贵西市石西编译委员会办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	神破坏了 , 我们数1做疯了 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一个爱迪奥在阿哈伯和他的鲸之间 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对我来说 , 个人来说 , 我真的可以看到两边的硬币 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多棉厂 , " 男人回答说 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 以使你的性生活更激动 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	由于电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个节目 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	儿童和青少年如何经历抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	今天唐代的僧人徐庄是哪里 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ? ! 可能 。 或者你 。 好吧 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	这些媒体的选举通常是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	温文在2010年12月实践了她的背向交叉 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这里的单位是什么 ? 我们写12.011 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:研究brusmollis的组成 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安顿在大规模的项目上去 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	深化家庭和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	路克工作的这一方面有很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	饮用水标准连续提高 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 哦 , " 达林先生说 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我迅速把所有的袜子都被洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色破裂器 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题中国的民事控制军事 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	圣诞旗将被定制为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	文件piet是整个退休中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺04 , 5 。 我不知道如何感谢你们的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	我今天有太多的做 , 我跑出我的脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	公司并没有在文件中说 , 银行贷款 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	大约一半小时后 , 我意识到我真的需要快速 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 如果我们记得我们的不同 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	李:现在 , 如果你只是跟我到洛杉矶 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生命 , 这个爱你和我一直梦想着 , 长期以来 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	最后 , 穷人很容易 , 因此幸福 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最近5天的天气预测 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	马康是一位好朋友 , 独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种基本的情感 , 具有特殊的脸表达 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	在死亡中 , 有机会 , 奥时 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个popuptp将告诉你是否在或关闭 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理暴力的话 , 这些事情可能会改变 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄宗子是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他被他的朋友给了一个标签 " 玩家 " 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	同样对我来说 , 他永远会结束他的生命 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指放入混合物中 , 然后把它粘在一起 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	加勒比的水也有很好的scuba潜水 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	夜晚深处的空气警报声音 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们想在早上看到一天晚上 , 早上就能看到 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	道格龙在春秋时期广泛使用 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	胡德森的决定是否会在呼吁上诉 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我觉得这会有帮助 。 你是最好的 , 你知道吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们不能改变我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	没有人看起来似乎是想 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao患者关于姨妈和莫妮卡一桩 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	伟大的心灵想像 , 但愚蠢的差异很少 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	许多人只是通过减肥 , 才能得到减肥 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不喜欢他们 , 但他们永远不喜欢我 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制和自我抑制这种理性基础 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是个人 , 避免眼接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	根据佛教宇宙学 , 这个团体依照佛教宇宙 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	决定张沈和秦天的关系非常高兴 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	跑步者在跑步最快的跑步中丧失了3%的体重 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	两面之间的和平谈在那里 , 两面之间的和平在崩溃附近 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	导电活性能与变性之间存在着一定的关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑比晚期同性直肠的25%大约25% 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看着太阳在东方 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	岳阳山断裂是海源断裂区东段 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们将自杀阅读他的文章 。 胡默死亡 , 有病 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	这里只有一个练习的地点 , 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	镇中心是一对20英尺的金属盾牌 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	在中间 , 33个中间 , 与avalokitesvara图一起 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船只在大海盗船上被炸掉 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他站着几乎广阔 , 他的大头抬起来 , 转向他们 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但我认为这将是李的智慧 , 把你最好的侧面放出来 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	每天我都记得 , 一个爱的丈夫 , 还有一个像女王一样 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	本文阐述了反位置的代谢及其代谢机理 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来到可食用蛋糕的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	本质特征 , 秘密地获得了标志行为的本质特征 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道蛋白的功能与其结构相关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18年 , 我的服装分为我的服装 , 为我的服装 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	这是nto同样的事情 , 在一月份和六月份都有一个不足的领域 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转向齿轮是汽车矢量系统的最重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	坐在数字三号 , 是巴根寺和巴哥达斯 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	包含cave和凸棒石粉的特点是表示paste 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前尚不制造压缩机 , 关键空调组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为保证食品卫生监测、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	晚上十三分之一 , 他们终于回到马丁的宿舍房里 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	信用卡管理系统中必须使用实际的速率折扣 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 也是全世界人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要成分:各种芳烃和芳香树脂 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文对蒙古地区全球气候变化进行了简要的评述 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大火经常把窗外吹出来 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理有效合同必须通过复制原则来吸收 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	乐观 , 老虎总是对新鲜挑战感到兴奋 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多达尔文人在夜间隐藏的细胞里逃脱 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我不怀疑一刻 , 夫妇的诚信 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文的第一部分 , 在权利和权力的角度 , 提出了公司的第一部分 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论改变它 , 但担心它只会被视为神经 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你在你病的时候煮草 , 留下来 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18英里绿费和卡迪费 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	几乎每个新公司都抱怨种子资本困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	我不愿进一步建议 , " 林顿先生回答 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我有一个胃痛 , 我觉得今天吃了一些坏食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	很好的动作 , 史密斯先生 。 我来到了一次采访 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个鞋子已经落下了 。 邪恶的面具 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	10:23当他们在这个城市里追求你时 , 逃进另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	我们来看wpi的机器人工程课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我认为这是我送的 , " 他补充道 , 地址员工 。
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我以上没有权利 , 因为他是公共汽车 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	由于夏天天气 , 火车充满了繁荣 , 在节日情绪 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元买一张桌子 , 用孔子来买一张桌子 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	每股美国存款股票上涨1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人被吓死了 , 有些人被吓坏了 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	在历史和永恒之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢某些 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	发现还揭示了男人如何对女性伴侣的竞争 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改进了规则和规范的干部和人员文件的管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红色叙述:你可以争论他要做好保卫 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天你很好 , 请再见我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数千名军方在枪手和训练中交易 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和金海岸环境经济类票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 艺术家的概念是空间发射系统爆破的 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc比氧化物阴极具有更均匀的工作功能分布 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	许多琼斯的老朋友加入他的团队 , 随着一些新的朋友 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法被称为 " 幻想 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想理解儿子和父亲彼此相关的事情 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们正在采样来理解水污染的威胁 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只要允许她那么紧缩 , 就允许她如此wail 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	编辑的效果可能使你忘记在程序之后被指导的事情 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	他轻轻轻地冲着 , " 是的 , 那是我的女孩 。 "
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	用一些盐和pper来切割鱼肉填充 , 将它结合在一起 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司专业生产宠物核心 , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	经过多年的玫瑰月亮 , 她终于发现他爱她 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 获得无意义 , 给予是无意义的 。 t5 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	而 " 改变 " 则指通过深化改革解放员工潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人驾驶完美的汽车时 , 没有人责任汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户也可以选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是泡沫球迷 , 你就可以尝试塞尔水替代 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	因此 , 你现在听到这一点 , 你冲突了 , 喝醉 , 但不要喝酒 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳温暖 , 促进所有vicera和器官 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	解决地下水问题的一种离子反应有很多方法 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光增强剂在hampoos、soap和facial洗涤中优势 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的医生是饮食 , 安静和默里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期公牛市场趋势从2001年开始 , 仍然是完整的 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	鱼类蛋白浓度是1980年发展的新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把小笔笔从尾巴上拿到钓鱼笔和小鱼 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着纳西斯首先讲话 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我就会买个婴儿像吴先生这样的兔子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始业务 , 他们说 , 让我们分开程序 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你浪费了一点 , 所以说话不必要 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实践材料主义和pits理论的本质 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚草案在首都迪利 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶巡逻绝对想要imbibe所有的本质 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个被称为内存管理单元的子系统 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方周日说 , 死亡在射击中升至86 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物细胞和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是青年 , 被看作是创新和创造力的背景 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议用 " 反老化 " 的话来对任何东西 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑蓝铅笔由记者写的文章 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	为了日期 , 今年已有63 , 595个销售 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表了一份声明 , 弗雷迪是我们的一部分 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	其他人都用自己的用途都可以做任何他们想要和愿望的东西 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	随后在赛季 , 尽管良好的规划 , 产品开始不平凡运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	对于拉齐人来说 , 时间是一种宝贵的时候 , 是一种负担 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝绸被称为优质 , 是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始建立你的团队 , 你将有很容易的时间在未来 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但即使如此 , 两妹仍然不能帮助 , 但认为她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕捕捉 , 一个年度的结果 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	当我进入了托拉蒂的杯室时 , 我的嘴很广泛 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象在未来20年里 , 中国的另外一个25000万人在中国城市化 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	你可以在垂直箭头上保持详细的锁子 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些地形被称为天康 , 或者 " 自然形成的 " 天然形成的 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球队到了一秒之前 , 你会把它带到风中吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形状的珠 , 耳朵 , 儿子 , 欢迎订单 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	正如何释放如何 , 当局将符合相关法律 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你觉得这是一个非常好的机会 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	twiggy是一个小男孩和女孩 , 她的时光 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走了路 , 他等着更多的权利更好 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	在一个时刻的犹豫之后 , tweener到达了 , 然后采取更多的刺激 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	世界总体来说 , 甚至更多你的briny世界 , 接受了fging 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	在图像质量的术语中 , 标记两个1.4x比一个2x更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听这个文章的主要思想 , 以及如何组织 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素首次被糖尿病使用 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 没有所有悠久的餐馆都是名人 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:日心有魔鬼身体 , 分支 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 亲吻他 , 爱他一切心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时 , 您将能在快速的规格中消耗热栏配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	在kalalumpur周围有许多驱动过去的橡胶房地产 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	凡达·约奎姆是新加坡国家花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合张gu胶囊质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	姚武山医药植物的调查和研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这败坏了匿名类型的强类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	孙元文是晚清的重要数字 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的未来是界限性的重要社会后果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这是很多孩子在这里不能去学校的实现 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	对于完成的日期来说 , 他很难把他放下来 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多我们在epa内做的问题 , 或者技术上 , 是在自然中 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个男子是来自爱尔德尔县牧师办公室的地下代表 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:请更新我们关于shinhwa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣为什么犯了一些泥泞 , 把它放在人眼里 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	队长带来了男人注意的是一般来到 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 , 他忘记他没有成长任何年轻 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	您需要将已有的项目加载到整合开发环境中 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	而且 , 在菲尔与癌症战争期间 , 他们将与他一起战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 避免海关检查更困难 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	美国水利公司在金融危机中发现激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	保持跟踪您需要多少钱保险和办公供应 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 在接受gg频率的时候 , 经常回答良好的情绪 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称受害者的身体 , 比如恢复工作 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志阅读这是一个新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是夏季三角星的讨论第三 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在游戏园里 , 他的演员 , 这是错误的劳动 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	采用该工厂 , 设计以下服务定义使用的数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩用泥、枝和叶子来坝坝坝 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	首先让我们喝一些咖啡 , 我也喜欢一个三明治 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布林娜的工作是纯粹的浪漫 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我把这张意大利称为 " 梅西娜现象 " 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	阅读方向 , 直接您将在右方方向中直接指导 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但是当政策持有者是抵押贷款的人时 , 应该有不同的情况 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计你有多长时间的怀孕和你的时间 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是由于某些原因 , 我的意见是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否决定财政是否有很多因素 , 还有很多因素 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们家里有七个孩子 。 除了我外 , 所有妹妹 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它提供了理论基础 , 为此内部特定促进器使用提供了理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界 , 也是一个令人印象的春水和秋山景 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了许多草根专家在双方.com上发现了 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我使鲸、鱼和鸟类每一尺寸、形状和颜色 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人共同意味着 , 最终他们会找到他们的手表 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评价:并行web没有数据本地性 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐馆建议可以通过你的其他朋友看到 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图去除许多不可能的情况 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	美联储住了鲨鱼 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	盾牌和草本邮件显示您的习俗禁止器 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	有些人相信中央政府之间有关 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她通过了一场犯罪场景 , 有人在街上拍摄 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	第一章东端的项目比大门更远 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有发现的人都发现了 , 开了瓶子 , 大家都被送到死亡 。
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0中 , 介绍了许多额外的增强 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿意释放耶稣 , 再次对他们说话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗疲劳和调节免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要注册域名和注册器注册 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁冲刷提供最大负荷支撑 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南称为 " 植物王国 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 罗森伯格在军事涂料里是一个前提 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 , 永远 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器采用配件和适合于入口的翅膀 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后 , 他把下一个小时变成整体 , 花了下一个八个小时 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块樱桃的奶酪 , 在它里面有一块破坏的袋子 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们第三次来了 , 这是因为ivor在启动时抓到了一条蟹 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	保守者在冬天之后 , 经常会发现死亡成年蜜蜂 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	stiga现在经理结合速度和触摸同样的叶片 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	你可以用n , 或maxargs , 参数覆盖这个行为 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	不 , 你可以让他整晚给我留下来 , " 我回答道 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	同时 , 他们对吸收的敏感性比以往更高 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有对我的心灵的好作家都是值得重复的 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	谁 , 对谁来说 , 谁在千年里等待永恒 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会错过机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这是阿瑟的半姐摩根 , 摩根是一个巫师 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在kelly下 , 西方与圣乔治2008年合并 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我叫你 , 因为这个男孩来自你的城市 , 哈顿博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一个漂亮的照片 , 但即使我们很高兴回到正式 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	虽然这意味着现实上我们可能会看起来很多不同或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房屋成本与数十亿人民的重要利益有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	提名和八个婚姻 , 在洛杉矶死于79岁 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野外竞争对波尔克和克莱克都作出了电荷 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	在序列初始学习过程中 , 这些区域不同 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的新闻 , 标志和拉帕斯拉祖利 , 填充了一份 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁的飞行区域 , 然后第一条腿的缝纫和头盔 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察宁岳降低桩供应库的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	在我们医院可以帮助您 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了适当处理批评 , 你也需要正确的处理 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可怕的 , 不愿死 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	因此 , 只是当我喂养自己时 , 我不希望得到奖励 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	当他的汽车碰撞时 , 巴里就停下了一包包包 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	当有人说: " 我是个演讲者 , " 这通常是他们的意思 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可在高速公路高速填充部分中使用盐化渣灰 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	美国宇宙飞机飞机望远镜制造的发现 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是骑着煤器走出更大的块子 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	针对某些不同接收器的辐射绑定研究 ;
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	远离国家 , 但总是跟我一起 , 无论我是在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有的疲劳情绪都是某种事物 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这个项目对许多原因有兴趣 。 " 罗克逊先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 友谊世界有嫉妒 , 没有什么比爱更少 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	" 你觉得你在哪里 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔web受伤 , 我有机会为英格兰踢球 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的手指做了一些金属技巧 , 学会再次玩 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以在强烈的情况下保持冷却 , 她会注意 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	在比赛中 , 随着这些分裂只是飞行前面的其他口袋自行车 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	提高水处理效率 , 也是节约水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	当他看着城市灯光的时候 , 杰里姆的眼睛被遮蔽了 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开在那里 , 00pm , 我们都很高兴这个排泄 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你如何找到 " 聪明 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢您组织这一点 。 我发现它最有趣 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是深绿、深、运行全年 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也会访问自由教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	要认识疾病 , 审查和报告如下 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	耶安妮是对的 , 这里可以自由打猎和拍摄 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我跳得很好 , " 他对她说 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	将这项研究和营销运作将是弗莱德先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	同时也很少见 , 这使新西兰生活的安全地方 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	收入下跌28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰仍然坚定 , 通过这些挑战时代移动 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	在你的房子里 , 裂纹并在另一个房子里躺在一起 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	亚伯斯先生说 , 与波威尔谈话深深 , 希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私法的编码应该模拟德国一 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我把我的生命变成文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 操作系统在组装中手工编码并不可移植 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你会有一些东西展示 , 甚至会结束你们的东西 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公平公平的路上 , 必须避免加仑离开 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小梅梅德是安德森更加活跃的公平之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	随着婴儿的肿瘤突破了蛋 , 它被大卫自己看着 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应附加文档和形式在外语中做 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	海军蓝色是信任的颜色 , 给我们信心 。 " lindsay说 。
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了分析未来的mosaurs基因很难 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船壳清洗机器人的集体设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	grasp规划是主奴隶脱色手抓取最重要的课题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	采用最新的工艺和工艺 , 制造 , 办公管理和设计 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回指定协调项目的零基本指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着外观看 , 开始抓一只鸭腿 , 单独咬一下 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道对服装行业的渴望永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	给出了有关电力线载体设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业尺寸it架构 , 用于链接资源 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年国际大学毕业生总收入增长12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺并非纯粹的理性和性能 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	就像舌利那样 , lunburg镇也是世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种新型的olefins水化催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后讨论了未来发展和解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨pts对大鼠脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	ftlauderdaleun-明星对海滩暴力和漂浮水进行比较 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	塔尔帕林 , 可以看到中国各地的地方 , 说不仅是独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	深入的变化是将来的 , 它旨在转换几个生命的ellosophellosophlolosophlosophlos 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏季 , 小鼠一般生活在外面 , 仍然在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	使滑皮平行转换的关键是控制的侧滑 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一步是实现连接组件的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个自由的抽屉啤酒在午餐时间购买的啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱 , 陪审已经收到了大量的指控 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	美国学校获得了超过2 , 250学位 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 因此必须把武器吸入加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我非常满意 , 从2001年到目前的几年里 , 比生活多 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:在几个项目中映射各种abd工作流 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	日常事务中世纪世界 , 从未坚持准备金钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能滥用和耐磨人群 , 希望得到准确和可信的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgmls是世界上最广泛的sgml解析器 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看起来 , 南妮 , 香水 , " 埃利诺举起一瓶cologne 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你是否试图回答这些问题 , 或是对其他人来说 , 你是否会回答问题吗 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	目录包含最新发布的项目和其描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	自1997年以来 , 它已经设立了税收政策 。 自1997年以来 , 也有一份预期的报告 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立ninxin胶囊定性鉴别方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫法检测尿管肥胖 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他阿尔伊斯为他的班级做完全准备 , 仔细纠正我们的家庭 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	女士ga:为了哈莱坞我要是...那个小怪 ! ! !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活生物的出现是闪光的闪烁 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们采取了各种律师和法律学术 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	结果表明 , 在粉末比为零时 , 得到了变位的砖精确溶液 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响最大5个友好目标和5个敌人目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然预计只能看到晚期的sipping、脚本编写谱 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个笑容 , 一个相当微笑 , 但是有一个笑容 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小化渗透 , 可能有助于防止烧伤材料 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合分离系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的卢布丁·安克尔靴子提供了她的高时尚边缘 , 她是著名的 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高固醇水平可以影响睡眠、重量和免疫阻力 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果心理问题的发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划出版一系列古典版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	由樱桃木制成 , 所有的块和清洁都由樱桃木制成 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品被编译成了一系列收藏艺术作品的jatsungi 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑进了鳄鱼 , 只是用你的靴子打击它们 , 你想抓住我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢你做的时候 , 你更可能做得很好 , 成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的观点对我来说 , " 如何 " 这些邮件的一部分 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	如果apache在过程列表中 , 这可以做一个skip测试来尝试ping当地host 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是奇怪的 。 如果每个评论都在2:08左右 , 那么它必须是一个线索 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁·费塞尔 , 一名宇航员 , 在他的眼睛里得到了肥皂 , 开始撕裂 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明 , td数字手机是可行的 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将为您提供一些查询或参考视图、食品、住宅 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左派民主党的恩科·卡塔说 , 暴力必须被删除 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:嗯 , 这是个...好吧 。 让我教你 。 另一个等于两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文在传统语法学家制作的基础上 , 进一步发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help改进 。 因此 , 这是中国的基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻会解释 , 你会有梦想 ; 但是这时的研究 , 你会解释梦想 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我提到的那样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要 " 问你是否可以直接做一些东西 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问 , 这个家伙说 , 他是ng , 而且只有在一年里没有测试过安全的 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	男孩回答说: " 哦 , 这是他的母亲 。 她希望他成为医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	嗯 , 这是一个看法 , 但它是一个蒸汽表 , 这就是所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	戴拉周围飞行的蝴蝶 , 说: " 你能闻到春天的春天吗 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我要把你扔出这个房子里 , 不要再看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次你触摸你的脸 , 你都在接受肮脏和石油 , 这些石油可以堵塞孔 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	第一行将由塔拉成员设计 , 包括他们的写作和图片 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果申请人在附件中发布的数量不应当申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	ebay声称 , 预防诈骗的工作比其他付款服务更好 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同tnm阶段的相关系数是0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃权利 , 你所说的任何东西都可以用来反对你在法院的法庭 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 通过m50烷基检测引起的干扰 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	愿你依然坚强 , 继续为我们祈祷 , 大多数荣誉和敬畏耶和华 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	你还可以设计自己的模块 , 因此webmin总是可以适应您的需要 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	拨款人用用usb手机或头部打电话打电话 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们要试图解决我们国家的问题和数十年的关系 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有许多方式 , 我觉得我们每次都需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转四十五岁的时候 , 她发现勇气走走 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在面试结束的一次采访结束时 , 没有更多的伤害 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	舒适的肩带和层状的汗水 , 舒适的声音 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba在sn病变后可以增加hsp60表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	梅丽摇头 , " 我不认为他们还是如何生活了 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实的案例是一个23岁的男人 , 来自西杰瓦 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单一旗舰产品与潜在集成等方面的scm套件的其他方面 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿兹 , 欢迎来到一个新星期的cn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次 , 约翰流到香港 , 他太病了 , 他必须用空气袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我走出垃圾时 , 它被覆盖在苏格 , 粘着垃圾里 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听报道 , 了解景观 , 插入你的耳朵 , 先走 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	让耶和华看到它 , 把他放弃 , 他从他那里转过来 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组显著低于其他人 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做些好 , 不管怎么样小 , 庆祝他们只是在月球上登陆 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	图形类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请打电话邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你远远超过你知道的爱 , 就像日子一样生长 , 去了 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的捕捉者 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	用 " 我破坏 " 模式来表达自己 , 当你觉得僵硬的时候 , 就会表达自己 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我父母说话 , 像 " 老儿 " , 常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	布法洛在我们共享的材料中提供了许多注意力 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国2007-2009年的经济衰退仅在两年前才出现 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 放在大碗里 , 直到大小两倍 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子对这个想法说 , 迪埃兹先生只想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	我们之间的东西不能隐藏 , 陌生人的手重在你的心里 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续南沙拉的时候 , 已经变成灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红的玫瑰 , 你今晚会穿上你的心 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们真正的命运 , 我们不会独自找到生命的意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	杰姆似乎很快醒来了 。 他把他的戴尔包裹了 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	种子只是一个在普通金鱼的奇异变化中 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	无奈音乐 , 静脉 , 扔 , 寻求螺旋连接它们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何一边 , 这个地点问朱小水是一个小羊毛 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在恐怖和激励 , 因为他们采取翅膀和呼吸 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你珍贵的小时可能会更好地花费思考你是否喜欢你的日期 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而 , 其他人广告他们的服务 , 称为scort服务在互联网上 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们添加人工智能 , 我们可以发现设备是否快乐 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	此外 , 2/84例并不能被rsca检测到它们的pcr结果 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我离开你的生活 , 只是在天空里闪烁你 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	然而 , 我不知道 , 同时我觉得人们真的很有趣 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊人在雅典 , 510-490英镑 , 意大利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅记录了一段时间 , 将被称为 " 烹饪 " , 就像我能做的那样 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦和草的年轻植物最好喂养nymphae 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	如今 , 越来越多的人在国外学习 , 返回并不如此流行 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终 , 群众们厌倦了他 , 他只是在轮胎上游荡 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	正如我们在1840年的光战争一样 , 中国开始现代化的谦虚 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰布·威尔金森:一个人只有一个生命 , 但历史才能记住你永远 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 热将海水沿岸回来 , 遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.科恩的教学和其预测在那个悖论上采取 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年代末 , 一些npos已经意识到市场可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	作物科学家jessss低伯格德说 , 这帮助当地农民涉及它们 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我觉得很糟糕 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	硝酸氮主要是zhelin湾溶解无机氮 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一个肝过滤器去除最大的过敏器 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果您决定有更多的特性丰富的数据库 , 那么您必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	有一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻花 , 可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	kra不能直接应用到不确定的数据 , 因为不确定的数据具有概率 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的回报 , 预计薪酬和照片被邮件地址 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李白说在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是培养优秀的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但是可能你想在一个巨大的屏幕上看到它吗 ? 可能在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持着强烈的和强烈的米 , 水瓶在他的袋子里用了水瓶 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流网站 , 城市风险较高 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合防御中 , 有过渡形式的犯罪 , 也存在过剩行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 人们观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细的检查证实 , 无论什么都是什么 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时间 , 这将适用于切割视觉设计或帮助麻烦 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	不管我去哪里 , 杨州的小吃将永远不会留下我的心 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接的增加速度是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	这里希望更多的作品被翻译成英语 , 很快请 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中癌症的表现是一项圣经性分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	飞行是要把飞行钓鱼 , 微芯片到个人计算机 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	我们今天再次把我们的老师赶出来 , 围绕着玩耍 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	与不同神经根缺陷相关的物理检查结果 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	残疾 , 折磨膝痛 , 满足下列标准 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全是美丽清洁 , 蔬菜丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	你可以空气干燥运动勇敢延长水工织物的寿命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	冰川冬季并没有影响夏季爆发的趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	比如 , 在西康 , 许多问题已经在这个领域作了 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	几分钟的射击指标分数很困难文化 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个转换器活性pixel的临界重复技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案简单 , 答案使用反例 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:测定北部hibicusyriacus营养物 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄龙在南宋燃烧火龙回来 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	崔西德是一个巨大的 , 深绿色的家庭 , 从年轻的土地来 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印指定插件提供的机器可解析列表 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思维、语言和操作的一种材料形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人经常被打败 , 被迫居住在监狱类似条件下 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	销售部门级立场 。 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们旅行的过程中 , 我们已经学到了我们参观的所有地方 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这座美丽的地方 , 它叫tuscany 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那时他也许会牺牲她 , 用水洗净她 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	如何克服我的老自助心理 ? 非常激励 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	直到深圳大学开始之前 , 有两个星期不到两个星期 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	为了加热 , 更容易吸收皮肤 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	它站立起来 , 它的肌肉痉挛 , 然后倒下来 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了让自己实际上做 , 我最喜欢的是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一个步骤将是将这些系统添加到主要的铁路地区 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国 , 八分之八的孩子没有正式教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸爸被诊断为hellos生命的多个硬化 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新性 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 巴黎第二次最高的欧洲 , 巴黎 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	在房子修理期间 , 我们住在我们下门的房子里 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	新闻并不坏 , 根据一份兼容编辑 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的一个对象是微小化电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehbob作为一个项目经理 , 当她为妇女工作 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基壁纸产品的研究和生产 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们把红球替换成蓝球 , 看看婴儿是否能注意 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	伟大的愿意战斗宇蜀地震 , 连续激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为发纤维的外部皮层被破坏 , 闪烁 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、氨基酶、糖尿酶等化合物 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经摧毁阿根廷5号 " 超级颜色 " 的袭击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	应力剪切比内嵌锁钉的应力小 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	本炉是安山铁和钢铁 , 作为示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国对总统法官选举制度进行了5年的改革 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体放松 , 感觉紧张消失 , 但不要睡眠 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月的沉默之后 , 有很大的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们曾经拿起他们的网络的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的警卫 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	问答 , 问题 , 两者之间没有一个隐喻的链接 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	后面的原因是 , 产品似乎具有较高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	azo被电子束蒸发沉积在k9基础上 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个调查站是我投票的地方 , 被列出我的电子信息卡 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc绝缘和pvc剪切精细钢电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术广泛应用于水处理工业 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当罐子填充时 , 它将填充在所有的空间中 , 并将塑料紧密 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马尔摩塞厨房 , 彼得准备猴子日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	黄金apt寻找世界 , 人类世界上大众朋友难以寻找 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	本文还描述了模拟方案、控制条件和清洁结果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大多数星期 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮摩擦理论是动态异常的关注 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激发的o2分子氧化溶剂中自由基 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	詹娜:澳大利亚指责中国餐馆烹饪科拉斯 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的同步操作符是一个重要结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	好的 , 如果我有选项 , 我真的喜欢去语言学院 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 个人在突破后自我概念清晰度降低 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今晚组织通过绿色屏幕传送新昆虫的温暖空气 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由拉伸塑料冲击绝缘 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	随着越来越多的时候 , 如梅克里xian地面 , 荣耀的y射击 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金和材料为救济和灾难救济 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布图像的形状 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人将在完成他们的测试报告后接受他们的测试报告表 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱的时候 , 鱼本身也变成全球形式 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了如何使数据结构大 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九点是通过900个简单的引用和引用的 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我很喜欢稍后呆 , 但我的妈妈会把一个适合我不会回家 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你走到那里 , 你认为的第一件事是 " 哦 , 这是令人惊讶的 。 "
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	然后她意识到 , 恐怖的性暴力在每个村庄周围都采取了地方 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	同时 , 也许两个星期 , 你会准备看到和目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	讨论了颗粒双分形频率分割的特点 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	高分辨率图像组件的报告将在高质量印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱情并不一致 , 彼此不一致 , 但在同一方向中期待着一起 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染和其受害者 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么呢 ? 实际上我躺在路上 , 当我说答案在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们很快发现 , 我们的表示在我们曾经设立足球之前 , 我们就会很快地找到 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	沃伦特·克里克只是在奥克兰外 , 爱苹果产品 , 而且有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说 , 他们倾向于渗入海湾 , 在那里 , 石油正在主导海洋 。
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试非常有趣 , 因为字符串缓冲区是优化的快端应用程序 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后 , 你可以创建有益的检查列表或其他文章 , 因为人们可以下载的pdfs 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待完美的事情 , 你会等待很长时间 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	看看你在人群上有访问的人 。 aspx页面的人 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显得很稳定 , 但更多的善良和护理 。 感谢你对我感到重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	专家说 , 在某些情况下 , 是的 , 是的 , 但是内在的怀疑主义生活 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年苏哈托从苏卡诺成为印尼总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅可以从水里走出鱼 , 但它们也可以在土地上旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	这个男孩把苹果扔掉了 , 然后把苹果剪掉掉了 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为一种新方法 , 在土壤侵蚀研究中广泛应用红外跟踪技术 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还通过 " 基因移植 " 转换成一个细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	与我的nikon50mf1.4相比 , 在max光学中 , 与我的nikon50mf1.4相比 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少每个符号间隔时间的时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那么你为什么哭 ? " 问鸟 , " 你是让我湿了 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自那时16年以来 , 战争连续伸展 , 但相对较小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上有点悲伤 , 因为我真的喜欢密歇根州立大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	比赛: " 我密切地看着我的竞争对手 , 很多尊重 。 "
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但是多比要来 。 多比要保护哈利波特 。 要警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	本和他的房间一起回家 , 所以晚些时候还有很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择阅读每句话 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	阿富汗不法律的阿富汗也可能再次成为基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	同样 , 我所有的团队都是勇敢的 , 类似于穿衣室 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 比如自杀 , 在生命保险案例中 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢tkttuktk , 摩托等于把头放在一个混合器中 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以通过把水滚掉郭的金属 , 使它们不到五度 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	马吉说 , " 我知道 , 但只有一年一半从毕业 。 "
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使只要寻找一只雕塑的丽莎松 , 不要穿着像一个不制造的床子 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	用肉滴掉骨头来塑料板上 , 然后用手抓住骨头 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	植物为鱼类、蟹类和龟类之间的洪水树 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	锅炉2030年不需要修改新的规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将会充满快乐和希望 , 所有的祝福神都希望我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年 , 我们从重庆市的重庆市有30名市长 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能阅读它 , 那就不管你有什么访问 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 在各种问题上有着强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	指定ihr接触点或区域水平 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我认为我们在一个更长的趋势下 , 或只是一个下通道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但是 , 效果太不具体 , 很少会导致清除和分泌转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无需说这是一个欢迎的梦想 , 但它仍然没有那么多的乐趣 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高回滚的座位设计适合一个生长的孩子120lbs 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一位getter , 他会做一个优秀的学生体育总统 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了1888无锈钢腐蚀和消除方法的原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说 , 她正在考虑一旦居民被允许搬回 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以把那个旧日记丢掉 , 或者打开一个单词文档 , 然后尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持sphere形状并满足不断释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尔·贝利亚的故事 , 新泽西的一个无家庭人 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	甚至你 , 我会喂到奴隶的块 , 甚至是你 , 穷人 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3其他安装程序 , 从索尼下载ps3下载 , 并将它作为其他人 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	另外一个437例扫描和2077年控制产生相同的结果 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到会议 , 那么你有更多时间准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了不同背景的中国女性生活条件 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	它只是背后你的淋浴头 , 所以你甚至不会注意到这里 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择自己的生活和比尔盖特的生活 , 那么这是一个诺贝尔的脑 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球性能和弯曲性能和高电绝缘性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	自愿联盟的原则导致农民的低级注意力 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波雷达最高位置方式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明一般历史趋势 , 这是人们所吸引的东西 , 没有人能防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经常说服很多人来看我 , 我必须保持承诺 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	生物固定膜滤波控制是一种经济有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同人格的不同侧面在全身拍摄时 , 坐在荷兰公路上 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	对于企业和企业之间的员工来说 , 企业应该是第一赢后的员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后 , cicseci连接工厂提供cics服务器连接属性 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladesystem给管理台提供了层次和相关基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦朝后期战国秦统一后期 , 秦统一中国在北部一县后 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员提供更少的请求处理更多的能力 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案是这是对象所说的 , 答案已经得到了 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息相同 , 获得手指印刷和手指纹图 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	三峡坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然ea季度的成年人将比预期的90多岁 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	因此 , 我们继续承印度股权在中期趋势下保持承担 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标签 " 或l-labeing " 被通道分配问题激励 。
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维在增加后 , 吸取糖 , 脱离蛋白处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含了初始结构的基本特征 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	采用石英管炉中碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	amethyst帮助学习卡马超越频率的频率 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用饲料醇液建立酒精肝疾病模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	它确保夏季的承诺季节 , 也是夏季最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法研究了沥青氧化物的氯化平衡性 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜜点技巧是一种活跃的防御网络安全技术 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展验证协议可以支持许多认证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们滥用了他们的权力 , 使人民受到强烈的反对 , 因此在群众中引起了强烈的不足 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型从psd到rtfsds , 被接受并可下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	秦雪森是最大的科学家之一 , 对科学造成了巨大的贡献 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当ed发现时 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕捉几个关键成员 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地找到了20岁的女儿在美国学习之后 , 她回家了 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	林于1925年回到中国 , 作为北京国家职业艺术学校的主要工作 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果随访312个月 , 所有患者均满意 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , paderewski接近左手 , 开始填充基本部分 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前操作符适用于现有文件 , 后来重写现有内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	通过增加这些因素 , 可以得到数量的马氏变换 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 王在一百八名荣誉和命令孙武训练他们 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	福克金字下面应用 " 福金字 " 作为东中国海水 " 字 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉弟弟只有那个目标的人 , 他正在激怒他 , 威胁他 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:女王在宫里举办正式婚礼午餐 , 650名客人 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的权利意味着国家和其他人不应该选择侵犯的权利 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	在安装中 , brea将是橙色县最大的太阳能用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	周二 , 冰岛火山仍在爆发 , 尽管云降低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	甚至有助于使皮肤变成皮肤 , 液化皮肤 , 因为我有很干的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	传统云只有在路上有悲伤的马克红尘暴雨时才来到一端 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	很快或稍后 , 波浪会沿着 , 打击我们所工作的那么艰苦的建筑物 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党的基本利益和人民的基本利益 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们也鼓励雇员捐赠他们的时间来当地企业家的俱乐部 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们在1500年与你相匹配的团队 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街上摄影师四个美妙的营销理念 , 营销方式强制可调 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这小片将是恒星在短、对称形状中 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女人在窗帘的阴影中留下了铁窗铁 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育的产业是西方教育的伟大影响之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	路易斯 。 一个火星随着生命的飞行而来 。 一个水文的火星人口浮动 , 生活岛 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样 , 詹姆斯和约翰 , 西比亚的儿子 , 与西蒙合作伙伴 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持进入先锋战役 , 随着埃伦保尔杀死儿童 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月都从亚洲电影制作者中获得新脚本 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们携带禁人倡导宗教自由和歌唱 " 我们应该克服 " 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他是否只是服从某种无机冲动 , 甚至是自身的 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	汽车中广泛应用于piezo电性 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是自由的 , 多比来节约哈利波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇不到 , 尽管细腻 , 但可以陷入大量的猎物 , 张力和克林 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们走过老镇 , 看着一个很古老的房子被拆除了 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	当你走进门时 , 你看到的第一件事 , 我们的小朋友来自人类学 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	虽然有些闪烁需要立即注意 , 但您的参与并不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	价格风险在非交易组合中出现 , 以及交易组合 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 如高s/n、良好的平等性和非分散性 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	然后 , 这导致了摩西诞生的帐户 , 他对尼尔河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚有武器对我们使用的质量破坏 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	随后日本当局的调查证实 , 老师已被塔格奇 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	您需要更好的生产性方法 , 这样您可以与其他共同项目合作 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可用于您新的和现有的解决信息中心项目重用 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有鲸 , cetaceanbltong比新鲜的东西更可爱 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右键单击控制knuck角 , 左单击控制slewing和顶尖角 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	燕子走到宫殿里 , 由薄和弱的马脉冲而成 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为促进当地食品文化 , 矿本地菜为本质提供了良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空接触的统计破坏性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	可以使用jdbc和记录级访问访问数据库资源 。
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpcs的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院里的仆人听听你仍然听qiaojean吗 ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 如果有些人熟悉佛的十二条死亡 , 佛教的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在这里是我们发现的好消息 , 你的其他腿不需要被删除 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨ct诊断小肠内质量ct的价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字保险法学是海洋保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港贸易开发委员会副主任fredericklam 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这看起来 , 是我接到的遗迹 , 现在已经被送到自己的孩子 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用引力镜的现象检测了距离星系 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了星系星系的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何在phd解析建议上进行新颖的搜索 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说他们喜欢设计灵活性 , 通过消除空间消耗的空间轮胎 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特征之一是处理多种语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你很高兴地把你的女儿打开杯子 , 她在泪中断了下来 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑的注意:这个故事的原版本失踪了马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	木材在各种内容和事实中被用作设计的主要材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	采用金钱收集 , 建立了进入体育场的零星系 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转过来 , 一群当地的战士在路边的一块附近登陆 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间卧床紧紧紧接近窗户 , 同时他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文描述了cjk200自动吸引和排放变量器的发展和测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人也坐在室外 , 享受凉爽的夜晚空气 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超弦的曲线特征只能在10维内振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	当人们在仓库俱乐部的商店时 , 我总是混乱了 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	比尔科尔1968年毕业于华克森林大学 , 并开始为pete染色工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·梅纳德和保罗·梅纳德 , 梅纳德的硬件超级人儿子 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	我最喜欢的两个新添加物是多年级铸造筛和字符进展 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们在酒店的酒店里开始了一块鸡尾巴 , 自由车和它打破了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	西欧10%的无职率预计在1995年中旬打12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有以下标准都必须满足以下标准 , 以便可以考虑到的是可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	上帝只能适当我们的研究 , 如果我们不断锻炼自己 , 才能通过我们学习的东西来生活 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港艾滋病感染已累积到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	这项研究发现 , 个体大脑细胞会反应一个提示 , 但并非另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	证明了19:29个珍珠被准备为模具制作 , 并为愚蠢背部打击 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	接下来 , 提出了直接序列和混合dsth来促进irma 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了三位物理学家 " 光 " 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符外 , 则不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉弗里斯基 , 你在工作前有八秒 , 你知道哪里找我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	事实上 , 我们都知道 , 每次时间都少于50毫米 , 精度很差 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密的、超级的小组 , 我肯定他在这里享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器也用于启动平台监测虚拟启动和正确的继电变更器 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热一锅和一小橄榄油 , 添加兰花辊 , 轻轻棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	atb广泛应用于国外 , 但很少在国内使用 。 atb的研究只是在我国开始 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	因此 , 他们用 " 胡夫和拉夫把你的房子吹下来 " 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm已经超过50个不同的程序促进美国工作平衡和银行 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	但是 , 随着美国和传统的欧洲电力制造商都有问题 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国没有任何先前注意的情况 , 英国保留这个词和条件的权利 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到了灰色的靴子的破坏 , 因为他在赫敏人面前走下来 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	穆斯 , 池塘 , 呼吸 , 白泪 , 液体或土壤的大坝 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过xml定义特定值来完成该合同 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府理解这一点和党 , 最重要的地质学感觉它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 异常imay是肺腺癌的特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可以选择石头所有的颜色 , 或者添加一个或两个门廊石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	肯定 , 我在全国各地运动 , 为我的丈夫和其他候选人 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	任何预报的协议和标准都在讨论下 , 但没有达成共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我很感兴趣听到更多的值应该在评估审审审查中优先化哪些价值 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	今年十一月至少有一个国会议议院的一个房子 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	针对lan/wan连接 , 建议每包音频框架下设置 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化和存储时间有显著的影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件 , 正如我们可能称之为它们 , 都是可汗的包含和渗透的 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生没有把它的酒吧放在一起 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	这是什么需要做事务的商务消息 , 这是amqp交付的 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	间歇、泥火激励的血液和汗水 , 在滴彩上 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年 , 斯潘克斯工业繁荣将继续上升 , 联合国持有将有益 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后 , 最优化rtl将美联储到代码生成器中 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	德鲁伊 , 美国奥林匹亚奥运会第三次完成了484.25分 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是在非洲 , 这个描述可能比喻更多 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	如果你寻找独立和浪漫的话 , 你可以在巴哈马岛的外部远岛 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组和老组的风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告的故事从来没有轻松而平滑的故事 , 但有些虚假 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	是谁 ? 啊 , 朱尔·穆拉德 , 这是第一选择 。 我看到它在赛车上 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	所有他都可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他拿出胳膊 , 所以她可以看到隔壁袖 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我从来没有感觉到风 , 但仍然有那么伟大的 " 劳动 " 的感觉下一天 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后 , 他在夜间醒来 , 思考他可能雇佣的所有魅力花园 。
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	随着小小的减弱 , 一些有益的技巧 , 可比你使用的更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我从拉斯维加斯到爱荷华的旅程 , 当时我年轻时 , 孩子和海军...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们叫我 , 因为它显示他和他带进的球员成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	一天 , 天堂会部分和完美 , 珍贵的樱桃会在阳光束上下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	它被称为蓝印 , 是我国金融监管改革的蓝印刷 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我在这里有一个很好的 。 " 直到学校 。
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	本周世界贸易组织暴露了新世界秩序的战线 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	纳贝预测似乎与其他美国经济信号一起出现 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文提出了一种可计算复杂表面加工中铣削力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分讨论了中国外贸理论比较优势理论的作用 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男子的错误都不能单独坐在房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的运动 。 我经常在没有捕捉任何东西时候钓鱼 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然凯恩有西方的奢华 , 但他仍然承诺他的伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战争词在中国和西方风格建立私人园林 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但是 , 我们想买的32英寸的模型 , 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于计划区西部 , 邻近旅游区和城镇区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一篇文章 , 解释一切有人需要知道 , 以便使用这个函数 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后人们选择潜意识地选择 , 不意识地忽略研究 , 与她的心一起去 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	拉菲克吉迪从高中毕业时 , 他知道他想成为工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我将在牙齿里钻一小孔 , 以阻止痛苦 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这是设置情感、有效的过程 , 阿当斯必须自我解释 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天来临时 , 草坪没有什么东西 , 可是蚂蚁抱怨胸痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感风格适用于你 , 意识到降低你的标准将是一个缓解 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学术比赛将于本周六举行 , 12/1/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平、自由和稳定的环境 , " 拉勒斯说 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	数学不多于四个这样的日期 , 开始了1697年 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可以为经济增长带来贡献 , 同时也可以保持它 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为有一些自由的答案解决问题 , " 亚洲的k线说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 我们的研究表明 , 为什么汗水发展 , 为什么持续 。 "
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源密集工业集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹秀把他的armor和路进城里 , 用1000人阻止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球发布的中国zodiac动物的邮票 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子们用水翅膀保持自己在水里 , 学习游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保持和破坏混凝土基础安装工程来破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸书籍 , 咀嚼 , 否则身体触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节约时间大幅减少您花费的印刷和接触项目的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩被所有的鱼游泳在水库里游泳 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个董事会在下一个脊柱上看 , 脊柱攻击 , 放短基础 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性视网膜坏死的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	相反 , 丈夫回答: " 我错过一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他不明显地说话 , 虽然他的思想在其他东西上 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	tutti执行了一场令人震惊的失败 , 向地板扫荡 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 正义dwindle " 的内部意义是一个外部关注 " 的声誉 " 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾人民有一个伟大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 杜特先生 。
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	全球范围内 , 全球162亿美元在2009年独自花了新的清洁投资 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何 " 街 " 都有趣的衣服 , 都是雕塑和体育 。
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它提高你的dps , 但下面的它 , 你的图像不能触发任何bashs 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	坦桑石晶体的无时间颜色使每天穿着这件相当理想 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	在这里 , 这是一个更现代的例子 , 下一个小hah咖啡还是一些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生那天晚上 , 他必须睡在曼格6 , 因为他没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山一起解释 , 同时老皮也顺序 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能力强你的心脏和神经和静脉 , 那么在他们走之后就会长时间 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇宙文件管理器帮助你从安德鲁德智能手机中获得最多的帮助 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	位置直接反对shinagawajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	卡斯特先生 , 城市问题:马克思主义方法 , 1977年伦敦 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在那个时候 , 我仍然认为为什么有人会如此不合格地思考我的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子和抽屉都转出来 , 发现我们没有看到的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	我珍惜的东西 , 如何影响那些躺在街上的人 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布 , 5月消费价格指数下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	地球的波动 , 风 , 地球的运动是同一和谐的 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机中 , 因此不辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	综述了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过分歧的实践和制备 , 依然是学科和专业 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 超字符串比任何人预期更复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把你的背部推出来 , 右边 ! 你应该在你到旗帜之前把你的胳膊剪下来 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	此外 , 注意力比详细的问题更有帮助 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个很好的节约 , " 德格拉的生命停止了罗宾范佩西 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	银行债券市场股票和交易量占总市场的90% 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	本拉登在1990年代投票破产美国一部分取得 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给别人的耐心和耐耐心的人都能赢得爱和关心他人的友谊 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们认为在接下来的25至30年里 , 机器人和人类将能够谈话 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融丑闻也是威胁 , 高级公民常被目标 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	后来周 , 肯尼亚人在步骤酶中用金牌走出来 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死亡中提高了他的朋友拉撒拉诸斯 。 拉撒罗死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六届国会反复中有许多线路创新 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:缅甸政府给中国任何指标是否会在康康康地区移动 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学习英语 , 国外学习 , 学习 , 结婚外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	光明的气象被发现在英国 , 留下一条vid绿色的道路 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在他早期80年代 , nuonchea是团队的高级生存成员 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能告诉他 , 他真的需要做的事情只是在自己内看 , 真正是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔·李金晶体 , 皇家安大利奥博物馆 ; 多伦多 , 加拿大 , 加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在15555年 , 她的精神牧师带来了更严重的转变 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论了死亡的恐惧 , 怀疑她还是为了一年 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	三十分钟后 , 她带着她第一次记录歌曲的cd 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	因此 , 令人惊讶的是那么高信任、缺乏自由和运动 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	场景2:建模循环行为集中于迭代行为建模 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗姆尼 , 英国肖像画家 , 死于克伯利亚 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我的意思是 , 我们失去了人们的技能 , 因为这里有很好的技术在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	然而 , 随着我们继续提高 , 我们的技术应该越来越透明 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好了 , 我再次进床 , 五分钟后 , 门上有一块爆炸 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	诗的所有感:问大地 , 谁倡导和下降 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利今年能见证他的父母在圣诞节时代结婚 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	传统上所写的唯一的差异是常规的方法 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期作家学习 , 比如戒指lardner和sherwoodanderson 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小仪器通过切口插入小仪器 , 以消除组织和粘附 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 各种各样的事物 , 比如筛选 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 我认为是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请大量著名的武术名称作为教练和咨询师 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	裤子用 " 司法 " 写在海尼 , 我穿那件衣服吗 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第四章结束了战争 , 恐惧和政治分裂了我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	由于病毒在内部被腐败 , 因此它正在制造外部蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙蒙山氧化物对国家标准是安全的 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我正在路上 , 我会议 , 有时在客户的地方 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者对基本kiva3v程序添加了一些新的代码 , 并使其编译 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只有走鞋 , 我就不能穿裙子或裙子 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他获得了阿尔比的认识和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了对抗stds的性不稳定性程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你曾经发现平方的角落总是很容易损坏 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我觉得早期极端探索者 , 因为我把自己带到走路上 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nuwa在所有这些发生中感到很抱歉 , 并决定修复天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	结论化疗可能是宫颈癌的主要流行方法 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭顾问提醒父母不要采取孩子说的话 , 就像福音真理一样 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	py显示任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量水平 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 转换到中级或高级汽油将消除敲击 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是在未来的芯片中 , 科尔斯的带宽要求可以很大地影响到 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计一个基于虚拟声学的音频辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	稻、棉和蔬菜种子有时在特殊种子床上生长 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活需要时间来欣赏我们周围的自然文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	新加坡和香港举行的华克板节和竞争 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 罗伦达zezula , 欢迎道歉 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	波兰作家在2003年末在巴黎举行的80年代 , 然后在巴黎举行 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	十七辆车 , 随着风 , 你穿过花花的生活 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	kirchner先生似乎放松对抗 , 她跑到一个共识的建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧化物对我们的身体细胞很有毒 。 不要冻结你的 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但是我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的来源不会根据这个葡萄牙的方式来源 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 哦 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个人一起走进教堂 , 然后跟另一个人一起出来 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何东西 , 我只是不想写任何故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在三个安装中 , 是来自中国人写的过度报告 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文中提出的文档文档文档文档文档方式是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	天鹅再次升起来 , 在一个圈子里 , 等待他们的劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中写了这篇文章 , 真正发生了事故 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我跪在胸部 , 把我的肚子和他们的拳头 , 直到我走出去 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样是最主要的mobs---它们都出现了世界的实例区域 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫塔克尼说 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变其行为 " 如果希望与伊朗新关系 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你可以简单设置宽度200到45 , 然后接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个可以用于工作、娱乐和娱乐的桌子 , 只是一般的关闭 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动循环时 , 它会像真正的axe一样行动 。 这张图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	在英国的英国感觉中 , 反恐主义很强烈 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家已经揭示了当地宇宙最完整的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	请在2406850或访问我们的网站上接触我们 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	过去一样 , 平均工作男人和女人 , 可能不像过去一样 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	目前 , 许多非洲国家的爆发是在调查中 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 制定了每个侧和后排攻击三个规则 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	只有你才能有和平和和甜蜜的休息 , 因为你产生你的身体和灵魂 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种可分解的可分解定理 , 并证明了可分解的可分解定理 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们旅行了禁止城 , 中国皇帝曾经生活在柔软的垃圾箱里 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	许多人相信这是雷米利亚 , 在大西洋丧失岛 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:上述试验中没有毒性、地震性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	相反 , 模拟过程可以在只有二秒内运行 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	表现并不与市场力量和预算相关 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	他笑着说: " 我想保持下去 。 至少有十年或两年 。 "
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	一个墙上 , 我从knapsack上拿了一本小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华盛 , 西北美西北部的一个州在太平洋 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉帕奇尼看起来令人惊讶 。 " 你是什么意思 , 我的女儿 ? " 他问 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只有在这里找不到喝沙的味道 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	骨骼有一个问题 , 我们希望下周恢复他和种子 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻到我 , 闻着厚的味道 , 真的让人们想吃一顿 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你完成测试你的新动作时 , 关闭helloapp.pli的编辑器 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花一些时间和它一起花费 , 来吸引和思维 , 留下和返回 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	非线性动力学特征是复杂、外部和消散的 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股的价值是5.33美元 , 上涨5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是有效的实施和组织如何克服这些机构 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	研究了1mcp处理和按摩包的效果 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的口袋 , 他嘴里没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在绍兴工作的前面 , 收到信 , 妹妹带着我的心 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 这种假设 , 标准构建成通常标签 , 可能是假设 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了g5动态系统在线测量膜厚度 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	这个项目还采取存储信息 , 以便它可以用于研究和医学目的 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	通过比较国内外房地产金融 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文结合一类模糊方程 , 重点讨论了该方程的工作 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	在本周的重点下游后 , 洪水仍在上升 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们的头部 , 外部化和投影的小声音 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	过去几年来 , 哺乳动物核转移实现了许多突破 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在感觉油价格的时候 , 经济过热时 , 有趣率通常会发挥作用 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	西班牙有白色的石头 , 完成了意大利:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上述激励人民 , 但一些老板有真正启发员工的能力 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰服装有限公司是您最信任的装备库存供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制过遗传学 , 但有其他的贡献因素 , 你可以控制细胞 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以如何创建个人品牌 ? 衣服男孩网络观点下面的观点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五十三章是区域审美优于hip手术的一般麻醉 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特色6开放窗口 , 望远镜和性别3台灯 !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我访问北京时 , 小先生带着老师照片给我 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	波斯坦凝聚是 , 大量相同的粒子占据相同的量子状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	公司说 , 市场上有两种高定义dvds , 导致购买公众混乱 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你说 , 他们称之为我们的想象 , 大预算电影不再能实现 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林顿的亲密朋友和特别助理人员 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能把我们的国王当作另一个充满意识的物种 , 没有捕捉自己 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	翻译的行为指链接到一个歌曲的行为 , 并附加一个150个字符的评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不要在妊娠状况、癫痫、心脏、高血压、脑损伤情况下使用 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统动态模型 , 得出了动态方程的数值计算结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些将帮助你进一步提高技术、内容和当然实施 , 如果不断的话 , 那么就会有效地改善 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了一种10w/30qe/cc级发动机油的配方和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些工件都需要维护 , 必须在周围工作 , 并且如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 。 卡尔德威尔德在联合国的胶囊酒店里做了一个生活 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的甲状中频电源开发电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特·施威兹博士的职业使他在非洲建立医疗临床 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	细胞通过机械方法、冻结和一般程序来传递 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章对清末译本的影响进行了分析 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	通过计算 , 产生要求纳米结构的蒸发步骤 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	普遍放松技术包括冥想、心灵、台芝和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个左翼点 , 您也可以注册a.mobi域 , 它被描述为移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	获得的cyptosystem修改mc公钥晶体系统的类 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗地亚 , 我出生在那里 , 曾经是前奥斯拉维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于陶瓷表面装饰及其使用 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分 , 讨论了分散非采购的诉讼价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	基于碘的对比被注入血流中 , 周围看着它的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想把你的旧电脑干掉 , 选项包括回收、回收和捐赠 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文还讨论了分布指数建设和分布检索的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	因此 , 我们有这样的防腐分离 , 直到我们是一个痛苦 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源很少 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国所有主要政策变化都是有限规模的审判过程和错误的结果 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他送他的无罪的儿子去承受我们所受的罚款的充分破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们找到许多方式 , 尽可能工作这个数学问题 。 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	因此 , 当供应链紧缩时 , 企业家奥哈莫里成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感恩卡斯通常是形状的矩形 , 而方形则被储备为曼达拉斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	正如它5月 , 神经毒素与男性比血毒更快 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主要声盒采用边缘和角角形不同的角度设计 , 线线成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	我们bapp.net使用xml来允许多个异步渲染和符合更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时间 , " 佩宁 " 的 " 眼睛来自于缺乏饮用声音的工作人员 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特里亚尼尔提高了孩子和成年受脑损伤的钱 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	肯丁-一个经验的球员将试图跟踪他们的车辆一样适应 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	蒂姆米:但是我是1 ) 恐怖的猫 。 保持猫不会对我来说很有趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师定义了使用brm工具的工具和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将比本月等待更多 , 直到他第二季正式开始 , 让运动 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 您可以将一个饲料从bugzilla和另一个饲料从源控制系统中结合 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	kolli说 , 在非洲的恐怖中 , 这种干旱就没有令人惊讶的气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群撕裂的火灾机理是复杂的 , 没有一组复杂的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	基于多孔和gpu的系统在这里是和谐的 , 今天的编程模式很难 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	与沈福汤治疗后 , 有些患者的症状明显改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说太多 , 恩妮斯 , 你们的儿子 , 我希望我如何解决你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	此外 , 根据学生选择的主题 , 有一个1015页最终文件 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离开了maimi , 获得了良好的教育 , 并使她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你为你的问题而指责别人 , 你可能会感觉到喜欢在那些有错误的你身上获得复仇 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	先前的法官说 , 他甚至批准凯瑟琳·杰克逊的对象 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们有两个主要类别的产品 , 一个是文件中心应用和另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师常告诉我 , 谈话后看到病人说 , 很多原因我曾经受过过过过过过过的 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后 , 第二 , 三英尺长的马在木林里 。 雷诺:这是广阔的和平面 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而 , 我宁愿看到一个年轻人祈祷者从心中祈祷者比最相当的罗特祈祷者 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是通信的arcane手段 , 这是最应该被废除的一部分 。 "
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看到她在香港玩得更好 , 我认为她不会在最后一轮 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	鲍伊尔说: " 幸运的是一点喜欢 , 你知道 , 去长途旅行 。 "
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	西亚运动员说: " 使用手的明显优势是你总是和你一起拥有它们 。 "
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在公布饮料会议期间 , 他的工作人员在他们的星期里应该把维生素放在他们的环境中 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 你的重量损失实际上是连续功能 , 因此每个数据应附加 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	没有问题永远 , 风暴总是给太阳带来了 。 冬天总是变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	电影《蒂芬尼早餐》中 , 女演员们轻轻地描述了这位好莱的演员 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子经过我的电话和uhm , 可能叫你 。 所以如果你能 , 请把你的名字拿下来 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	好吧 , 这是墨西哥的弟弟 , 尤塔在后面 , 这是古特马拉的弟弟 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定为我们带入世界的价值 , 历史上价值意味着我们的专业 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站是收集站或链路站 , 在某些情况下 , 都有 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	实验很大 , 上升了大量的产品 , 微笑 , 让它自己 。 尝试和错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较两种方法 , 剪力力分解法的功率特征数法比剪力分解法更好 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	妈:嗯 , 我不会尝试喂这些小批评者 , 如果我是你 , 他们咬 , 可以携带疾病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	第一次实验研究了dd3单晶纯剪切行为的纯剪性能 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列的清洁和智慧装饰下 , 命令os防御 , 外出军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个议员 , 联合国官员 , 几个离职副本和法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林 , 使用甲基酸酯和米洛斯托醇治疗药物吸收 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应加快非绩效贷款的分配 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来的最后一块建议 ; 不要尝试从什么不存在的情况下提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	讨论了矿山爆炸电站积累器的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在学习自行车巷的半路措施 , 同时允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	1979年9月 , 李建立了一天 , 85名员工 , 根据其网站 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念无限扩展在信息化高速公路上 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议明天早上去xxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学习如何面对失败或失败 , 勇敢地对待 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的熔融模式来处理它们的缓慢羽毛 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表二:药物溶解性、聚合物和填料在水和酒精中使用 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	他说: " 所以 , 当它来吃晚饭时 , 就没有添加糖味 。 "
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp也每年举办另一个重要事件 , 旨在为hp电子世界的终端用户提供hp电子世界 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道新疆被认为是优势 , 学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	这个示例是一个ifthen规则 ; 因此 , 如果条件和其相应的行为 , 你会看到 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	它们介绍了目前的支持 ; 浏览器姿势 ; 一个漂亮的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时间使用的端点地址只是一个位置者 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	vozda在公司行业法律执法中提供了一份工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	皮克和冲击军舰在马什的一天里落出了天空 , 就像鸭子一样 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例内固定dhs内固定的干扰骨折的影响 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	矢量电压的测量可以从样本单元的离散序列数据中获得 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉安:如果我告诉她在一个非常好的路上 , 给她带一个三明治来让她幸福吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或高峰或海岸 , 或指向公园的角色一定程度 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说 , " 自我是什么意义 , 不仅仅是精神剪辑 ? "
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	纳索拉角只反映上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部文件的特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫人教练里克·卡利斯勒说: " 我很高兴他 。 我很高兴迪克 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	10月52.8日 , 一项新订单子指数下跌至52.5点 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年为永久居住提供了一个应用程序 , 并且他还没有收到它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	本文提出了一种基于plc的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在那些早期的时候 , 它移动了男人 , 它打开了监狱门 , 并使任务从成员中走出 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl+c和ctrl++v建立新的实现只需要二秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	schrag说 , 从岩石中释放的海水会随时间增加海水平 , 但并不多 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人死在池里 , 都必须把几乎完美的潜水或被喷在岩石上 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	血清由锚杆传送到内纳那 , 第一个穆斯勒拿上血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱情发生在所有年龄的人 , 因为一个内在生活变化 , 以及一个人的机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	袭击的首席嫌疑是美国指定恐怖组织 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今年 , 今天 , 欢迎您 , 明天为您的祝福:出现和青春的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	虽然我们说不平凡的原因是因为任何时候你想到的 , 总是参考很多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他的篮子占了30% , 只有68%的篮子帮助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备也更基本 , 涉及更少的槽 , 并且所有的三维纸币处理 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2 。 只有与vip客户进行会议 , 才能实现其所有者结婚和可靠...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	四月份气价格只涨3.3% , 去年上涨33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站着 , 走过去和波尔记者一起谈话 , 因为罗伯特斯捐赠了他的黑色绳子 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于俄罗斯美丽和肥沃镇 , 这是 " 中国摩托车 " 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	在课程创新中 , 学校教师的角色强烈呼吁改变 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	镇下滑坡缓慢填满盐刷 , 使表面补充 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成份:麦油 , 花墨 , 洗涤剂 , 橙花 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看看我的脚 , 祖母冻结决定做一双布垫靴 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它分别跳跃起来 , 打击猎兵 。 它在他们身上扔了一块营养 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是布朗布朗 , 你是19岁的 。 你还没有达到你的原始 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何合理使用添加剂 , 提高阴极铜质量的方法 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一种形状和抛光高精度双功能的形状 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一个绝对的君主不想要的事情是他们不希望阻碍他们的个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普德·瑞特很高度被认为是全国最好的城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	沈阳地区深圳地区905间 , 金利大厦115号北山道路 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二个猜自己 , 而且他们不会谈论自己的任何东西 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:分析2006年唐山市2006名不确定患者的临床疗效 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	垃圾、木板和其他可燃材料必须从热工作领域删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这种正式关系的存在使你强化工作环境的规则吗 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 涵盖你的策略 , 心理策略是保护操作工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	本文的第三部分主要阐述了生态社会主义理论和生态社会主义理论 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文分析了音频文件存储格式及音频波形的恢复方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分割橡胶 , 闪过量和不可接受的紫外产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多鲸猫被松鼠的激烈斗争留下的痕迹 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	根据诺亚说 , 财产损害估计为81美元和108亿美元 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个业务旅行 , 我很清楚将会带来大多数商业资产项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文学并未被拆卸 , 总结和分析 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球化学流体显示核酶活性 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现上述示例 , 您使用常规表达来执行替换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了遥感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	模拟陶瓷 , 直线安全微晶玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们认真地把自己带到另一部分的出现 , 关于面对面临的担忧 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	用来检测皮肤冲击试验的过敏药物抽象 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图片:澳大利亚珊瑚漂亮的珊瑚壁垒reef/matkiefer , flickr 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了快餐 , 真正的吃 , 尝试小吃停下了一条边街 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一位父亲 , 几乎不像铁匠一样工作 , 带着他的儿子在生活困难下 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	本文第一章介绍了qsar和ocking方法、进展和应用程序 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了苯乙烯合成聚合催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	过去两年你参加医院接受医疗治疗或医院 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	指出腹部紧张度 , 胸腔检查显示颈部运动紧张度 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给出了 " 龙虎战 " 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	id也被指为快乐原则 , 也代表自我重力 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不列举自己为印度最新一代建设贷款 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	该系统可以更有效地利用传输带宽 , 实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后提出了基于v基固体溶液类型的研究焦点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	最大的基金来源是销售回到订单 , 并根据计划进行 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温催化粘土与硫酸的关系制备活性粘土 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	您的目前租赁允许您在某一时期内请求你的十位假期吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最确路径 , 它是每个人都可以工作的东西 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思想的服务和谐的氛围 , 护士家真的是老人家 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工332杂志 , 44个小说和29本非小说书 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克林先生:亲爱的 , 你为什么不告诉我这是什么 。 我肯定我能帮你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可以为失踪鸟 , 通过手和排种来吸收 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去努力达到健康保健改革的心理会议已结束 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	该公司拥有自己的研究和发展基地 , 上海和山西省生产基地 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	凯瑟琳建议: " 让我们住在城镇边缘的廉价摩特尔之一 。 "
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 问题仍然关注精度和应用于其他太阳周期 。 "
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	一个高大的男人拿出来 , 是阿尔伯特 , 莫莉的姐姐的丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	在泰国 , 一个人走下了一条巨大的雨道 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免越南战争的服务 , 并将根源放下来 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要成分:紫外提取液、橄榄油、维生素b5、geraniums 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作搜索错误是训练的成功 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但是 , 很多相比 , 我发现最有兴趣的事情还是很抱歉 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们很惊讶地听到损坏 , 船前的订单仔细包装在我们的厂里 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢家们采取机会 , 像其他人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但他们拒绝恐惧控制他们 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	警察在城里没有充分支付 , 甚至没有足够的钱给气体 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分从本免费期刊教育视频学习新闻文章的过程 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有强大的工作市场时 , 组织需要做什么 , 不管他们能吸引顶级候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次将客户机放在前面 , 请求解释某些事情是一个令人惊讶的经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要陷入相信 , 因为你不能测试每行代码 , 你必须测试任何东西 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是 " 我曾经做过的最糟糕的记录 " , 这也是最多的钢琴 。
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	火和风围绕着 , 跳跃着青年树 , 激励老化 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页的内容是illy港口或illy海关进出口公司目录 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我曾经通过我的绘画表达出关注 , 视觉人与环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用高效分配系统资源 , 提高了系统性能 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男人推荐不要喝超过21个单位和14个女人 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	崩溃状态中pnipam的时间常数几乎是温度和浓度依赖 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部约翰力元素将在热射线铝灰中 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包床是1980年开发的一种新型高重力气体质量设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	不管我学到的语言 , 我总是试着看我的杯子 , 如 " 半 " 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	不要被绝缘 , 如果一个银行商保留你的账单来检查它的身份 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔纳 , 拉米和霍斯顿认为 , 尽管盐能成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	飞机a320在莫斯科飞往日内瓦时 , 试图撞击发生 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	拥有安排的课程 , 50名学生发现6家公司和樱桃公司是其中之一 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自那时以来 , mcdonald和其ranchs已经删除了11 , 000家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	世界图书馆和图书馆是否可以在这个年龄的爱德own载体中保留相关吗 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家只能解决它 , 例如两个并行板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这项发现还增加了混乱 , 以确定与ntseacs女性最佳策略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	我并不同意他的一些情感评价我作为 " 独特的摩隆 " 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃哈利奇的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马尔托斯人最受欢迎 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 有限制使它全部不可能卖f222的日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	数学家是一个典型的中场者 , 他必须在坑上展示的潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上星期六我们再次见到彼此的柏林 , 随着米克哈尔·戈尔巴切夫 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这也是一个水果 , 来自纳华特尔 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	随着猴王进入洞穴 , 另一个动物用石头盖住洞门 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	更必要的是m2mm , 但是它肯定是给他们最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	1881年 , 铁路到来迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我发现距离我们的主要帐篷很难 , 永远不想到北极的一条路 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	该反应由过敏冲击、紫外线、尿尿病和血管瘤表现 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄林抗凝胶周围有许多小金矿 。 核 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	底层迭代中心方法集中在现有it资产的发现和特征上 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	要参与研究角色 , 以便能够代替常规的表演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	由于很多收入 , 德拉顿解释说 , 平均水平比媒体更高 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可以重新编写您的下一次改变它再生站点 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从来没有完成这项研究 , 所以我们从未写过它 , 但我们发现一些有趣的初步事物 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	即使新语言推出了一个卓越的游戏经验 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你发现你喜欢的公寓 , 立即提交一个应用程序 , 或者属性经理 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期还可以招募优先的诺达奇单位:攻击是一个日期的表字 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	研究中得到的单色染色体是稻田染色体3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	他创造了最小雕塑 , 保留有机形状和纹理的关系 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	除了过去几年之前 , 还没有历史的创伤历史 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	除了神秘之外 , 也描述了西方旅游者的攻击 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家 , 不可忽略的印度 , 必须更仔细地校准他们的政府财务 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	生产开始下降 , 电影预计在2011年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	你是我梦想得到的红十二球 , 还是很严肃的英语 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	目前 , 沙巴现在只控制40%的摩加都市 , 从几个月前的60%下降到60% 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	随着西班牙温暖的天气预测 , 德国人说 , 他的日子应该站在好的稳定 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例口腔成功重建 , 成功率92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特征 , 如分离、循环影响周围出现 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	然而 , 这确实是非常确定的 , 看起来似乎没有什么 , 你知道 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德·斯洛特说 , 在亲吻之后 , 他离开了好莱路 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	在这里 , 她不仅谈到真正的风险因素 , 她也规定了那些可能误解的迹象 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并不比祈祷者更有效 , 当它似乎工作时 , 就可以解释出来 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	根据顺序需求 , 可设计两个可调的梯度 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	在1980年代马拉多帕丁尼的马拉登平台上 , 没有迹象 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分行有限公司是一家正式装饰公司的诚信 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 我喜欢关于这个城市的一切都是那么恐惧的 。 "
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几种理论实例 , 证明了表面的地形修正 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个实例显示源使用的代码页 , 这也是windows使用nglish 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设置温度高 , 可靠性具有负相关系 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很好 , 中国的食物是我们的午餐男人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特写作当前的钟 , 艾米莉作为爱丽斯贝尔 , 安妮·贝尔 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	当我住在军队里的时候 , 我永远不会忘记那些日子 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	他回来的第一件事是跑到莫姆 , 给她的丈夫和亲吻 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , 路透是可治疗的 , 而且有方法可以减少治愈的风险 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一种方法返回其类别的标签和方法绑定剪切行为的方法 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰与停车设置 , 这个探索了terry和ferdinand的才能 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果想语义正确的比较 , 您应该使用双索引 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	生活自由大学的自由 , 暂时忘记过去 , 浮起来享受现有 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	触发出一种弱的辐射形式 , 无法渗透皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后提出了混凝土建议和措施 , 为组的发展策略实施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	总体来说 , 我仍然是人类和社会无害的人之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种腐蚀盆地被关闭 , 进化成沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 当移动相时 , 积极和熵都有助于充分分分离 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化带来新鲜的配件 , 服装 , 珠宝和身体颜色到新收藏 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	尽管会见金融集团对外宾馆的影响 , 但由于 " 狼 " 来 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	" 我生命中有四个战争 , 因为美国太强了 。 " 罗纳德·雷根 。
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	9月 , 该公司推出了2010年9月的销售预测 , 到2010年的25%至600万辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	中国在其他国家内部事务中的非干扰原则吗 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨guillianbar综合征患者电学特点 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏产生碳酸 , 肾脏疾病可能导致身体缺乏碳酸 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	为了保证别人盲目和信仰别人 , 事实上是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他指出 , 由于它们的环境和选择 , 动物在生命中获得了某些特点 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	空气在外缸和内缸之间留下空气 , 气体将气体泵入真空 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有人设计这个乐趣的矢量插件 , 可访问的怪物型字符 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913和1913年 , 他没有出版任何与立法结构有关的东西 , 直到1912年至1913年 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以在html指定位置放置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	给出了mm4u电镜中等离子体不稳定性和潜在限制配置的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 这些交换属性描述系统平衡状态的平衡状态 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	本文介绍了单扫描链设计中存储元素的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文采用宏观树脂处理废水 , 从制造硫化硫的废水 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	负责党主管工作 , 直接授权机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	温格尔曼无限资源 , 在军队和政治环境中有密切接触 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一辆汽车到达标准的汽车 , 应当在路上运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用来治疗急性和慢性肠炎和腹泻引起的急性和慢性肠炎 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	1880年和1892年密封了巴林的保护状态 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察合成康复治疗糖尿病综合征的疗效 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小道厚2:阳光降低不容易于清洁 , 日光降雨 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后采用两种037型反潜艇巡逻工艺加固四艘船 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和发展作为烧伤和伤口愈合的新治疗 , 仍然解决这个问题 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医学:很多pepsin , 胰岛素 , 更多的酶片 , maifeing等待 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对气体参数的影响较少 , 但没有减少aw 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	副市长吉华与克格希马文化交流集团主席见面 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前的冠军罗尼奥·奥·奥斯利夫相信 , 丁俊惠有所需要的东西 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	时间部署工作安全 , 严格实施领土监管责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区公安工作将面临良好的发展与面临挑战 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需要驱动it部门实现基于标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划设备其他超光电动机 , 从10到60公斤 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在被新老板采取 , 而它的钱的麻烦似乎是过去的事情 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们考虑到我们都是不安的 , 它会解释我们彼此教学 , 它将不会让许多谜 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	然而 , 有各种关于那些可以从死者或鬼子或性别中沟通的人的事情 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	sssift将干燥成分组成混合碗中 , 添加在黄油和knead形成完成 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	然而 , 尽管从银行基础政治家们讲话很多 , 这样的观点似乎没有采取持有 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗明星价格为5星提供的价值建议 , 在市场上不匹配的价值 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我认为读者得到了点 , 在某些时候我们都像这样行动:我们太忙了去做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	基本上所有的事情都是同意和里斯的 , 有些其他的家伙 , 他们生活中有什么感谢网球 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在许多情况下 , 他们干涉了我国高质量货品市场的正常经济秩序 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	根据中国刑事法 , 税收相关犯罪包括各类违法机构的税收制度 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 基于hikivision的图像捕获板的图像捕获控制是首先实现的 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能在辩论原则中保持 , 比如识别下降 , 或者理解偏见 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否正在做街照片或访问自然或人造网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能做一只双腿 , 寻找办法在你的兴趣方向扩展你的当前位置 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将会经历你的头冠 , 会填补你的身体 , 你真的不习惯 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度变化 , 优化模型降低压力损耗 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	近年来 , 通道的主要特点是多路传输和阴影效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都是底下的 , 金钱总是使决策 , " pellegrino告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	莎姆poos和其他产品设计开头孔不停止头发损失或促进头发的再生 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	温室实验结果表明 , 生物控制效率可达72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有人认为我们在不太远的未来坐在那峰顶上 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周 , 我们的系列 , 拉里西和托尼·里格斯描述了一种抗war运动 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使在前利学习中心 , 还是领导旅游 , 在历史网站需要一位硕士学习 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	上述16岁的新加坡人和新加坡prs将会等待 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	本文介绍了hl7中间件实现的方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我在我的柏拉图上列表 , 我的命令链不会移动我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆起重庆挂头公司是一家运营模式的初步研究 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵风险分析模型具有独特的理论和方法解决这些问题 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来支付的折扣价值的商业学校方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么说呢 ? 没有呼吸在连续性中怎么能再生 ? 没有死亡 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	刑罚:对未来暴力警告的惩罚 , 类似于帕罗 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一节解释这个成本更全面 , 因为它探索创业成本是如何初始创业成本 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动员的科学研究是揭示运动法和客观法的认知过程 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	可是菲尔的妻子林达 , 有一个猎物是错误的: " 你知道妻子 , 就像一个惊人的一样 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	原理上 , 每个基因组的复制 ; 估计60 , 000基因是相同的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员寻找这个主题 , 那么该作者应该进入政府来做什么呢 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想匹配这些字符的动态目标 , 那么你必须使用一个逃跑背景 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当使用2008年欧洲冠军的模式时 , 预测赢家并没有把它变成第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	随着多功能死亡 , 方形和圆孔角钢梁可制造 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	好心是广泛、慷慨、容忍宇宙的好处 , 为普通人民的益处 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我首先表达了我们最诚挚的祝贺 , 为班组取得了卓越的结果和同学 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	永湾中心赢得了一个国家建设 " luban奖 " 现代园艺平台 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几个星期 , 我26岁的儿子戴维德 , 曾经跟他去大西洋城 , n 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	泰尔曼特说 , 银行有其客户的信任 , 并没有看到任何有意义的资金流出 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	保险游泳者迪安娜·尼亚德已经成为第一位来自古巴的游泳者 , 没有鲨鱼笼子 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	博恩告诉记者说: " 这对总统来说是不负责的 。 "
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们的个人故事展示了贫穷国家癌症的悲剧现实以及对人民和家庭的影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	在阿克马尔·沙克之后 , 精神病人 , 明天被执行 , 你每年都在短条条件下 !
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	根据相关规定 , 任何违反监管或拆除审查人员都将按照相关规定处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许不到一个kiloton , 听起来像很多 , 但实际上是核设备一样小 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在更基本的水平上 , 美国人不怕死亡 , 但谈论和思考死亡 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	谭后来 , " 朱晶笔意识 " 这个阅读: " 中国伟大的年龄 , 没有云变 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球inc是美国公司位于加利福尼亚州华盛顿海滩 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商会拥有超过医疗设备qs规范的质量系统 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一个喜欢道德化的人通常是一个假说 , 一个女人也是不可避免的平原 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	尽管我们没有人会单独改变宇宙的过程 , 但我们集体上我们可以做这个 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他说 , " 通过我们的领导者的神和智慧 , 这些地图被中性化 " 。
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	龙乌山地区野生花的阿拉布斯群岛杂草研究及其应用 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记得 , 神的名字代表我们所名的神 , 耶和华自己是这座塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用浪费的推进剂 , 通过证据钢板判断电荷的破坏时刻 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	自去年3月份fda开始破坏药品的股份 , amgen的股份占美国的27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文综述了almg合金合金合金加入的实验研究 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	根据消息集 , 经纪人文件系统的存储 , 这是不可思议的 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰b·沃森在处理儿童的极端坚定性 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该需要更多的词来解释图片的意义 , 或者为什么包含它 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	辣椒 , 基础 , 杏仁 , 果汁 , 洋葱 , 蒜只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	尝试在床前清楚你的心灵 , 并努力思考积极的思维 , 帮助睡眠 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但在1992年加入npt , nsg在2004年重新在这样的帮助下 , 至少官方 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	汉妮问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金 , 她不能爱人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村资本投资不足低效率的问题 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	在一段时间里 , 阿姨粉也有大量的乳肉 , 他们开了起来 , 她就会走出去 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符都没有嘴 , 眼睛 , 坚持肢体 ; 嘴唇是不智能的 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	爷爷 , 告诉我你怎么做的东西吗 ? 有天我想做最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚是黑海地区的大西洋主义的基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与肝脏之间的直接链接很理解 , 但酒精对其他器官有什么影响 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但是我觉得我做的是时间重新评估我做的事情是否有任何价值 , 是否会增加我的存在 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5中显示的最后一个接收项目 , 包含一个额外的html类:在线需要 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 " 感谢上帝 " 的周五 , 单词只是周四使用 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	爱德·贝格利 , 61岁的演员和演员 , 比任何人都要长 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很艰难 , 我很抱歉 , 我知道我想要的 , 如果那个坏女人 , 那么好了 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们问关系专家在接触之前应该讨论的事情 。 这里有13个问题他们来到 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	北京政府首席福布斯 , 自2002年以来已覆盖中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一站是董城 , 东莞县的座位已经出口贸易的出口力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	十年前 , 我们已经立法了解国家卫生服务的立法 , 自从没有发生 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到现在 , 本文根据实践中根据理论和实践测试的模型建立了框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客触摸一个人 , 让他们知道他需要穿过 , 但是让他的手比必要更长 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他去了她 , 轻轻地对她说 , 她的搜索已经结束了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipsjtomcat.zip到您的tmcat安装的webapps目录 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	该团队只有通过cdk1分化成骨细胞的ezh2磷的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	然而 , 中国并不认识这种事实 , 也不如他应该做到这样的话 , 那么他会消除自己的优势感 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长调节剂对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘记那些关于礼物的基本真理时 , 它总是引起教堂的麻烦 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了实现未来maitreya的世界 , 必须满足许多条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	弗兰克保罗是瑞士联邦科技学院的一个专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	芽膜合同和叶片长 , 叶片或楔形 , 没有形成任何东西的牙形 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	实现监测、检测和质量控制 , 在室内和子承包钢制造和焊接部分 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种羟胺苯突变酶、其编码基因和应用 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	接近商店尝试和控制货币 , 你只能依靠自己的内部创新机械和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 可能得到相同的限制卡路里利益 , 从部分饮食中获得相同的限制 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救援努力并不足以得到组装线的其他地方重新恢复 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:201房间201 , 4个块 , 陶瓷研究引发 , 冯西路 , 潮州 , 中国 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种并联苯丙烯酸酯离子膜电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和keleton对象也照顾开始和委托容器管理事务 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我想在天上和地上 , 血 , 火 , 和火柱 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自新世纪开始以来 , 本课题的大规模介绍开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年建立了一家著名的中国现代画和书法网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用 , 建立可用函数的通信 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠行为是心理病范围下降的意识的障碍之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	答:根据法律 , 进入中国的非法侵犯了中国的法律 , 应当按照中国法律处理 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液测试早于7周的妊娠 , 而超声也不可靠 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc媒体也增加了cvo模型血管的数量和cliber 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 通常在你的眼睛里泪 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败了 , 他的妻子将有一个可行的剂量 , 证据证据表明 , 与他面对他 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是实现的梗死是一个焦点变化 , 而自动变化是全球和扩散 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望莎莎莎的同学或朋友可以在国外阅读你的文章 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了catv图形组件库 , 只是援助软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但牛奶充满白细胞厚 , 使牛奶变得更快 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	此外 , 烹饪和可食品质主要由f1组合的gca和sca测定 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	该技术支持eelidean距离测量和ls移uclidean距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	克斯特说: " 宫颈是一种常见化疗药物的治疗替代方式 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	最近一周 , 汽油价格下跌7美分 , 每加仑3.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她准备下降的时候 , 发现所有的视频剪辑都比记录中的所有视频剪辑的力量要多 ;
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然 , 你可以购买一些不锁定的手机 , 但通常是一个运营方式 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验表明 , 金属离子对脂质的形状、表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	姜说: " 如果我从美国开始 , 我会花很多时间去寻找资金 。 "
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果有神经分离 , 那么它可以解释重要行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干化学试验方法和尿沉积镜检测方法的临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一个伟大的员工 , 并对我的团队做出了很大的贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	本记者有权选择和出版本刊登的写作和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第十二条小规模税人或可税务服务的可行性 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组电机功能明显提高 , 特别是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	干旱通过亚热带传播 , 伴随热波和强烈的野火 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张约翰·莱昂和约翰·莱昂的照片 , 他们就像一个平滑的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的头发和银色的玻璃使他成为哈利波特的死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮寄给美国电子邮件 , 首先20个语法是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡是一个财富的部分 , 必须给穷人或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	因此 , 在碰撞后几乎发生了什么事情 , 电子在这里倒下来 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么呢 ? 这看起来像你站在拉拉拉的一个巨大的青年足球的时候那样 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内部艾滋病从你的脚里离开 , 以便他们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她每天喂食的牛犊三到四倍 , 同样的婴儿需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	对于我们的知识最好 , 脑脊髓瘤几乎被瑞典报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看 , 这个消息大约是80岁的女孩 , 她的狗出生3000元 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	使用ergraph工具设计系统信息模型 , 构建了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	没有洪水到陆地上 , 然而在这里 , 山区的山区都落在路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层的框架和监督控制层网络系统做出补贴 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论本实验室检查对bmt早期诊断有明显的帮助 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	设计的传感器也可用于测量其它类型的线性位移或旋转角 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析汉代铜描述的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	西部和东部地区有一些不同的pt条件 , 重城大骨折 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运行策略:积极适应 , 先进 , 独立发展 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此 , 该公式被认为是可用的图形力计算的 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	设置的值是一个java.lang.onect或子类的引用 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	国家高校运动协会在美国举办大学体育 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着住在大楼里的人 , 不要你吗 ? " 女孩问 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我丈夫第一次教练经验是一个高中学篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨创伤脑室内血液的临床特点及治疗方法 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	在蝴蝶型阀中 , 洗孔、吹孔等缺陷有缺陷 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	每年你都在这里与通货膨胀和主体联系到政府规定 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因根本上是由于东西思想差异的原因 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	反抑郁药物的下面之一是他们可以长时间工作的时间 , 在两到八个星期之间 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有一个很好的关系 , 即使在原始游戏之后 , 他叫我想知道我的条件的所有东西 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是美国学者和发展基金建立的主要好处 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文分析了现代景观希腊工程建设管理 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市人民国会 , 坎顿黄永光说 , 学校主任 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立一种新制备的复合盐酸盐凝胶的质量控制 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间、豪华房间、单房、各种套房 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染及耐药状况 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨不同肠段的吸收动力学 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜的 , 美妙的魔鬼洞 , 水 , 摩西 , 劳尔 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	朝鲜回到南朝鲜 , 吸烟和威廉镇都享受爱时间的两个人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	因此 , 这只是最多的电子 , 你可以在单轨道上有两个电子 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记水平表面 , 忘记记记站在后面 , 只要拿起四分之一并扔掉它 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 挖掘 " 意味着足够的信息共享、互相理解和同时期的平行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰也有神话质量 , 因为直到日本发现他们不可能生长 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	就在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我 , 他和他的妻子在34年前搬到了 , 就在婚前 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	我还说我爱我的自由 , 现在我不确定我做的 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	对于一个发明来说 , 它必须明显 " 到艺术 " 的普通技能之一 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	五月五日 , 莱昂纳德字符串发布和文章在巴塔维亚 , 伊利诺伊斯 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣卢西亚明显是一个岛屿 , 只有希望它能保留它的不完整的魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请保持清洁环境 , 转移手机和b.b.调用 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac的治疗效率比传统的pac或铝硫酸铝更好 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户从音乐博客到cnn中添加了什么值 ?
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我只是在丹麦 , 发生在我身上 , 没有一个巨大的古尔普社会 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了处理idp的增加负载 , 基于集群实现负载平衡是必要的 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但是在那么暴力的存在中 , 暴力的诱惑 , 原因变了 ; 没有什么东西 , 只是直觉 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与爱尔兰群体一样 , 爱尔兰群体很好 , 这给我们一个新的视角来与陶瓷工作 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务总体是信用市场的关键问题 , 从短缺经济转移到另一个方面 , 是信用市场的关键问题 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听 , 可是还没看到 , 然后她看到北方和蓝军 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到这是诗歌感的精神 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但是改变足够的词 , 虽然它只是一次 , 而且你的思想只是相同的 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然 , 两个女孩有一个变化 , 另一个推出了白色和进入水 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳光闪烁着河进口 , 混合在水平上 , 和我一起 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一对不适合你的鞋子内部 , 所以你可能想要分离穿鞋或运动的正畸学 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后 , 他向警卫发送了一封信 , 但他特别的细节并不被人所知 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	加入宗教团体的这一想法 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和增强氢燃料生产的spon 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔夫歌唱 , 诺顿扮演 " 天鹅河 " , 然后 " 黑暗的敏感 " 快速的温度 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	公司、代理商、零售商、旧销售商保持事务机制和系统 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期库存系统 , 管理器必须通过视觉检查来控制库存 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	但我对你说 , 应该更容易在判断当天的苏格兰土地 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一个情感 , 一旦教授来自山塞迪的每一个艺术家保罗麦卡特尼教授 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	新应用程序或功能的时间市场大提高了成本节约 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	拉弗莱先生经常运动的开放式衬衫 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后给出了匹配和线性电压控制条件下最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 黄张不能控制自己 , 但开始笑着他的妻子和可爱的婴儿 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道 , 爸爸如何在一起工作 , 为我的根据和教训提供足够的钱 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	拿一些快乐或一些东西 , 拿着和锤子轻轻轻地盯着 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	温柔是一种尖锐的剑 , 温柔是一种潜在的力量 , 让所有的人都提交自己 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 道德和经济都变得不可重新相反 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试 , 我会得到一个坏的级别 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但是 , 两次学术奖金也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	数字二 , 指针引引用开始 , 并遵循箭头来访问它的指针 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	相信在12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 在历史上第一个篮球比赛 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期醒来的时候 , 他声音了一个愿意与共和党人在国会工作的共和党人一起工作 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本更多 , 但日本已经成为那些逃离美元的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	它们坐落在西方和自然春天的土地上 , 树木 , 树木 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	詹宁斯白博士在有机化学和香水的主题上发表了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗吗 ? 我不相信它 。 我认为他工作了一切像我的弟弟一样 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我妹为我错过一间蘑菇 , 她把我放在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	卡丁·罗萨尔赞扬了 " 外星 " 的生活 。 " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	" 只是那些要担心发生什么事情的恶人 , " livshits说 。
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们走到第二楼楼的房间 , 打破门 , 穿着自己在官员的统一 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的本体合并方法可以克服传统的本体逻辑合并方法的抽象 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了液相色谱法测定液相色谱法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件过程代谢是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	针对经验的讨论 , 本文介绍了大量预秦儒学思想的思维 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房 , 他沿他的信里滑出一只刀 , 把它们折叠的信息滑出来 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地的人杀死了所有人 , 反对国王 , 使约西亚王在他的地方 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	另一个零售链之一 , 是第一次将质量和压力提供在同一销售地板上 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	达格尔并不需要从发明到生活 , 因为他被法国政府惩罚 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉人们吃鲨鱼的文件很好 , 但是吃的最后一样的动物是不错的 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	热气隧道、热气隧道等重载装置下感应空气温度 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电力转换器在提高模式运行时 , 低压侧电池将排放并为dclink提供功能 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	其下降发生在1256年 , 蒙古帝国扩张到伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个带状区图和一个边界图来增加振动的故障 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下文链接应该对创建并使用它们的事务所需要的信息进行理解 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面变得充满幻想 , 充满诱惑 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微型电子机械系统多粒度宏观模式非标准结构模型降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨阿米尔河娜沥青的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在我所爱的学校之前 , 我喜欢一切东西 , " 红色 , 现在19岁的cn电视台上说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间与各种类型的房屋和贸易人员的工作坊和他们的mesyardsy 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学习一些当地的法尼亚 , 包括在家庭的巴菲尼达 , 如果吃的话 , 我们也有毒 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	但在这里 , 假设可能的危险中 , 量化的东西都有一定的冲突 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的正式集 , 给出了正交半群的常规半群的构造理论 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析了天线高扫描的存在问题 , 采用辐射特性测量方法 , 分析了天线高扫描的存在问题 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但我们必须提醒我们的同志 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 57指导 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满了雄心和骄傲 , 一旦他们收集了他们的第一个热带杀死的头皮 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	把这种价格定位显著增加潜在的null布局已经积极 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果表明 , 花粉doret与蒙古羊间抗感染的差异 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 远超越山的橄榄树 " , " 小河 " , 村庄跨越 " 和其他人 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在新西兰电视台的视频里 , 男人在他被拉出来的垃圾中携带伤人 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 乔治马逊大学地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	奥萨克的土耳其农民并不免疫 , 每个地方都在打击农村社区 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	因此 , 叶子种子在其它树顶上分布了根 , 生长成这种大平面树 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	政治科学家彼得·l&uml说: " 伏克斯潘来到一端 。 "
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	定量地处理了夏安西海岸7站的沉积样本 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两人都对饮料和妇女的诱惑 , 与批评家和新闻有着不明显的关系 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	达什板收到了从集中应用程序的上下文信息 , 并使用它查询后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	agv大基础系统是一组软件控制和管理许多gv来完成许多材料传输任务 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为第一章的第五章 , 书中有一个药物 , 促进了一个希望禁止的药物 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	运输方便:上海220公里 , 65公里 , 来自宁波290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作家罗伯特·沃尔斯创作了诗人肖像时 , 他实际上写了自己的肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	你所想到的一切东西 , 说 , 做了你现在的种子 , 也包含了你未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖主义nuke , 由strayexsovietfisile材料组成 , 可以破坏整个日子 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听了两个朋友谈论过去的话 , 想 " 梦想 " 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	运营研究、知识系统、开发历史、应用程序、业务决策功能等特点 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	本斯利说: " 我是个真空 , 我已经活了500多年了 。 "
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	所以 , 五月份 , 在压力削减警察数字的情况下 , 因此 , 警察计划的结果 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	所以 , 当伊丽雅出来的时候 , 唯有上帝就像他死后 , 就像他一样 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	参加他的阅读 , 他说 , 大量的西班牙人 , 4万人住在同一城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确保 , 我认为你应该有三个玻璃尿试验 , 以及预后分泌的检查 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	学校有明张 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 现在积极努力建立一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	本公司拥有强大的技术强度和国内先进产品r&d能力研究所 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝结冷却与组织失去联系 , 白海天使堆也承认他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在国家卫生代理上投资的免疫高度上是关键 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	本文提出了一种设计和计算方法 , 用于临界计偏差测量机理 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在福利多元主义影响下 , 社区护理已成为复制问题的主要策略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	我实际上每天都在监狱里玩笑 , 然后我用冷水洗澡 , 无论是雪还是雪 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被保存到一个持久的介质中 , 或者作为源自的数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学爆炸溶液具有良好的稳定性、长寿寿命和低粗糙的钢表面 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他是由4名高级部长支持 , 专门负责人 , 他也被选为政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	住宅活动家和学者说 , 这项选举将很容易 , 但没有结束 , 房子危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利安的目标是捕捉最好的肖像 , 她可以在那个时间框架内捕捉到自己的工作是帮助她这样做 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文斯先生说 , 从现在移民将在澳大利亚工作力的 " 结构上发挥更大的作用 " 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	这是一个非常令人震惊的责任 , 知道你正在为未来准备 , 中国下一代领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这种损失的成员们 , 他们有一个战争的外交观 , 第一 , 询问后来的问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板强化软土基本具有快速速、效果好、易于施工的特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 1999年创立了密特树咨询 , 以期待现有材料化的非常威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	这比原来的50倍更大 , 包含240平方公交车等价区域 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但神不仅忘记过去 , 他穿着你 , 虽然你从未犯罪 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	看着人们彼此关闭6个 , 哭泣 , 彼此相互抱住 , 让我欣赏我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟焦是一种相当成熟的加工技术 , 它看起来是一种普通的深度处理方法 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	2005年房屋繁荣高峰 , 销售现有和新房子的销售都在1976年的两倍 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:全晚监测6例sb患者和8例正常人 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	而她的男孩 , 他们在贝尔维尔得到了好吗 ? 那么 ? 父亲康米斯确实很高兴听到那样 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	在5059岁的年龄组中 , 非医用药也比60岁的年龄组更常见 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	中国人民的基本利益 , 与中国人民有关 , 是中国人民的朋友 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们还可以猜 , 这样的牙刷可能会伤害这个人的牙齿 , 以及他的心情 , 很不便宜他 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	然而 , 一个过度信心的李思想认为 , 两个平坦 , 梅德将会在中心弱 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	范尼拉是最受欢迎的风味 , 在商店前面的一个独立案例 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	离婚的女性在中国日报文化中有几乎像个人一样的地位 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些母亲常在这样的晚上错过他们的路 ; 我可以告诉你现在没有机会的变化 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是关于爱情、幸运、青年文化和街道生活的新型壳鱼电视节目 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏上的消息 , 死辊现在21 , 000多人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果表明 , 在扩展后 , eg插入到细胞查询中 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	自从答案可以更加自然 , 因为版本高尔夫球员在快乐中挥舞他的胳膊 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他种玉米有较少的水 , 没有pop 。 当你加热玉米时 , 内部的水使玉米爆炸 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红葡萄、水果和蔬菜停止癌症、心脏疾病 , 依赖剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到我在这个冒险之前可以花很多钱 , 现在我必须一段时间住在我的信用卡上 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会的责任明确定义吗 ? 这些定义满足区域的需要 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	一种应用于摄像机的研究人员环境是流式细胞仪 , 一种用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺 , 他说 , " 为了保护自己的客户的秘密而保留信心 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 提出了负高压供电理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但如何标准进行神经心理评价范围的标准是目前没有共识的 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我问她的建议 , 她总是准备好帮助 , 解释我完全满意 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这种版本双扫描器有两个输出线 , 使它适合广泛的各种使用 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你像一个令人惊讶的教育经验一样 , 那么你的机会就会得到很多 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国在叙利亚暴力袭击抗议者的叙利亚大使邀请 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地回答: " 三声音像上帝亲吻的话 , 没有伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	然而 , 随后他们与土地有关 , 他们杀死了一个可考的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在贵阳高中完全开发 , 获得了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从布洛伦斯基的政权转移到贝州霍夫的政权 , 这是莫斯科附近形成的 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能操作 , 包括战略底部和覆盖操作 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校英语课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是不知情的 , 几个不完成低键细胞组工作的原因 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理还访问了卢达通用医院 , 中国社会福利项目资金的社会福利项目 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个示例正在改变表空间容器的位置 , 它也可以使用备份和恢复 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有导致商名品牌经营的损坏 , 但不会增强他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	mercator的世界是一个双月的杂志 , 探索 , 发现 , 地球和空间映射 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元酶将运行198.95美元和转换视频和图像 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	波海沿海沿海的最后一次冰川损失调查 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试与最近实际的粒度相似 , 问题类型和困难程度相似 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	比较了vrv泵空调系统的经济效率 , 对传统加热系统进行了比较 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这部电影是美国版本的两千八个法国版本称为 " 波尔埃尔 " 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	用灯光的灯光 , 用灯光烧在内部的圣殿前 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有许多道教部门 , 其中 , 上清部有最重要的影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展给出了圣诞节和其他外国节带来的流行 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐歌在 " 新疆 " 的小知识 , 展示了每一方面的思想治理 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春季排水期的第一次排水时间明显是十年间的特点 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有sac.指导师都在工作场所培训和评估中获得了证书4 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	ibrahim说: " 我们可以把这笔钱给达尔夫尔营地的人 , 给疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看 , 我们拇指和拳击手 , 我们来车时得到了一点困难 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道你的眼睑没有触摸到实验室 ? 因为你的眼睛比雨云更黑 。
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有大量的 " 也许 " 或许 " , 他们似乎只能帮助一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置的原因是瓶颈的变化 , 比如排序过度流 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	因此 , 在这本烹饪书中 , 食物很温和 , 因此 , 适合全年消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果重组中 , 出生重量的妊娠年龄明显小于严重组 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统选择了一位出生商务执行官 , 成为他的商务部长 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然我不能吃饭 , 但我仍然可以用这些鼻子和饺子来获得饭 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年7月 , bpp被授予奖励权 , 这意味着它被允许叫做大学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	1979年出版了我第一篇中国文章 , 但写在1983年初 , 直到1983年秋天 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以回到一步 , 开始了解为什么发生的事情 , 你可以找到积极的后数学 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着 , 如果你想保持技能 , 你必须更少的激励在你的财务给予收入时休息 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	为了旅行 , 郭东没有瞬间回到嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种行业的新标准包括健康保健 , 促进了xmlenabled应用的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你犯了严重错误 , 如果你伤害别人或者自己 , 那么不用感觉罪 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	一个主机或服务决定在低折叠的状态下停止闪烁 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	可变系数、解决方案本身及其正常流体可能是在接口上不断的 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中9硝基霉素lact酮的体外稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母和儿科学家、教育家和心理学家 , 寻求帮助方式 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	第一次出口 , 重 , 米里地面和一匹匹配 , 海洋植物 , 大大延迟我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸爸:在古典建筑中 , 基地和玉米之间的平原部分 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	沙林是一个机械 , 这是他的工作坊 , 他在后面有一个小房间里有一件垃圾的事情 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	长一位接受新闻 , 不仅逃避 , 穿着衣服 , 准备救父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他现在捕捉了数百亿人住在那里 , 而且在2050年 , 三百亿人被预计住在那里 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	由于雨灾和火灾 , 一些美国中西部的一些县声明了紧急状况 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	戈西斯:引用纳特阿尔巴尔学习你不知道一件好事 , 直到去找其他人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论ldocaine结合xamethasone可以防止由dctaxol引起的phlebitis 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两个人醒来 , 突然看到春花 , 由谁来到了 , 说要寻找平宁 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突变了非敏感 , 沉默的月亮 , 轻轻 , 投影在地面上 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人 , 区分客人 , 女士和温柔人 , 所有员工 , 明华 , 下午好 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	由于人类对拉希海地区的影响 , 典型的李江空间林几乎很难看到 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 野生中有关于逃离或被金矿和其他矿业的包动物的包装动物 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	考古学家们坚信花园被放在一个豪华的建筑上 , 为提高水的规定 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	北极将是一个21世纪的萨拉杰夫 , 在能源资源上引发一个主要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	ueyyyue的死亡预期已经获得了一场激烈的国际争论 , 在好的萨马利亚法律上得到了激烈的国际争论 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期极锂合金的原理、制造及应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	克服悲剧和痴呆症 , 讲话有许多城镇在高原因犯罪中执行 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果采用异丙烯mristate , 避免膜滤波干涉介质的膜干扰 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	在1893年 , 他在27岁的时候报道了他为光学描述的照明方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 这些诗的意义很清楚 , 读者可以从她的经历中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	制作家庭可承担的计划目的是防止到4 , 000万美元的保障措施 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	事实上 , 在径向和循环方向中 , 气速和气压变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在教室培训和评估中花了2小时 , 每个学生都会赚0.2元 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了安东和苯乙烯静极极性的精确dft研究 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来 , 他把蛋放在炉子上 。 蛋沙拉三明治是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 广东核电厂的大边缘是18个月的燃料周期 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室测试中 , 他们发现一个叫做banlec作为两种现有的艾滋病毒 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	四百只需强度和速度在四个条纹中 , 还需要巨大的耐力 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	潘德特说: " 当解释器固定了他的拇指 , 他对这个公共文件进行修改 , 就不能回来 。 "
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是个班员 , 他很不同 , 我不能找到任何其他的前锋 , 看起来像他一样 , 或者像他一样玩耍 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员说 , 他们的发现也可以应用到那些声称他们依赖早晨喝茶的人来获得他们的大脑 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看没有人会来 , 给你食物或水 , " 人说 , " 上帝给我提供 , " 是唯一答案 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度吃不会增加你的抑郁 , 但增加重量 , 你需要适合你的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	经过互联网之后 , 他开始发布twitpics , 从空间中获得忠诚的追踪 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	另一天 , 她只想说她对整个事情的想法 , 没有任何意图来战斗 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用右轴接种肝瘤h222的移植肿瘤模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我得到参议院晚些时候 , 所以在家之后 , 我可以把它转到 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本文确定和比较了人体、ilium、skull和rib强度的限制 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	韩国的物种被建立为一个zabrak , 使他在死亡的黑暗的马尔 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛使用 , hlv兼容电路的设计越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝型电力设备:主要固定在海岸上 , 供电厂、房屋和其他海岸上提供电力 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	这位21岁的丹麦国际人被广泛认为是欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	诊断35岁的女性 , 被观察到17 , 408个人 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	巴耶伦慕尼奇的中场离开已经证实了 , 他将在老板转会上留下 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	刺激生物 , 凤凰 。 他们可以立即携带重量的负荷 。 他们的泪水有愈合力 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样一个例子中 , 组织可以使用简单的进展检查列表来操作机制和倡议 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	在英格兰的木材和纤维玻璃手工 , 卵巢形成的内部措施只超过6英尺 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是知识驱动经济时代所有可见资本的通名 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家墨尔本哲学有很多理由庆祝 , 它与观众共享庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 沙鲁克已经忍受了杜 , 国家第二个电信运营商比埃塞拉特 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前渗透膜只释放新鲜的水进入海洋 , 而不允许盐水污染袋 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们将欢迎来自我们的城市委员会的更多帮助 , 这从来没有发生 , 这就是为什么我们追求kirkby 。
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你有限的工资预算和最大5公斤 , 但是你想要的玩家7k 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液保险:现在有机会来自英雄袭击、血液三分之一或威尔文德 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	针对非静态过程线性结合第一交叉可靠性的计算方法提出了一种有效的数值方法 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	随着市场营销渠道 , 项目应采取授权销售代理模型来提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民担心 , 交叉污染可以创造低质量的混合植物 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员学习不同形状和尺寸的羽毛 , 不同和谐结构的不同频率 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨回归室内钉对远端半椎间骨折的影响 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	该工具适合一个进展的螺旋动作 , 它允许一个低速的螺旋开关 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	pd控制采用位置算法 , 限制了控制量和集成量的限制 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	研制了一种可离子和强极有机化合物的伪相液相色谱 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	苏州公园酒店和套房是苏州会议或社会场所的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	运行微镜观察了前交流动脉免疫的解剖特征 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	扫描器切割花 , 想使用尖锐的刀 , 不需要剪 , 早晨或杜克可建议 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在程序方面 , 共同论证需要相同的辩论和对话在法官、党和其他参与之间的对话 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记花费圣诞节 , 只要看电影或假日假期阅读一本1200页书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	特里·lundgren是马西的首席执行官 , 该公司拥有马西和布洛明达尔部门的商店 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 无论你会发生在一个类、会议、会议、会议或会议中 , 都会出现什么惊讶 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们一般信任我们自己的能力 , 但我们不信任别人管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南外交部长phambinh称周一结束 , 生产力 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	调查你心里的麻烦...随着节奏......赞美他们的头发一起...
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺陷铬矿床运行的关键点和冲击方法和效果 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配示例的标志 , 那么分割的结果向无限性 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨鼻腔管重建对ktp激光肾炎的影响 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	您有一个单个消息引擎 , 当您添加si总线的集群成员时 , 就会自动创建 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平面将阻挡风流 , 同时也会创建死水区 , 在它方形之前 , 陷入混合区 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国继续成为2008年全国各地寻求者目的地的主要国家 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何多个响应文本文档都可以有丰富或平原文本字段应用到电子邮件消息中 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	穆里埃拉强调教育 , 高收入的人口比圣迪戈和橙色县社区的社区 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	该委员会是一个非投票方式 , 但即使fda建议板没有投票 , 仍然被机构审查 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在已形成10年的市场条件下 , 可以更多的公司加入 , 将建立产业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克逊说: " 你需要削减该机构来改变系统 。 " 伯克逊协调预算辩论 。
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者们学习以前的检查 , 古城已经订购了两条 " 五条 " 在植物工程建设中 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是香料的作者 , 指南 , 查德勒·伯尔2003年书皇帝 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、规划、设计和交付集成服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为客户提供高质量的时尚产品 , 为每个人做好一件事 , 都是用来一个风格的qadir 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr常见的离散工作模式 , 在gpr记录中有大量的水平相干噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 28岁的大脑是怎样产生的 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样蓝海和天空 , 在海滩上 , 很享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	萨格塔利亚人是积极的人 ; 他们有着明亮的生命 , 是企业 , 充满能源和生命力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	一般来说 , 浪费并没有或展示感染的内在危险 , 除了非常具体的案例外 , 外 , 除了浪费 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	然而 , 没有什么事情 。 相反 , 阿普吉奥斯通过一次未期望和谐的继续进化 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨乙酸酶在维利亚动物病理模式中的血液和血液学含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有的jcss气体都使用重力标准气体来分配它们的价值 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这种步骤是过去几十年中最强烈的化学研究 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个比赛者都坐在一座塔上 , 盖住自己 , 但只有在他们完全打破之后才能完全覆盖自己 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	通过数据仓库或联盟提供了一个单一和完成的客户、伙伴、产品和业务 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	一家公司有时候还可以在销售亏损时 , 为了强制其竞争对手进入破产 , 然后主导市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常当使用git时 , 您可以假设您的存储库是位于内核.org之后的一个小点 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电力 , 电话 , 保险和电缆账单都自动从我们每个月的账户中撤销 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图改变和完善中国西方权力特权的不平等条约 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我把阳光集中在冬天最冷的日子里 , 我就可以轻松的火 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应采取适当的政策来确保这些西方企业的领导状况 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果神看到我们通过他所爱的儿子的眼睛 , 那么我们也应该从耶稣中看到自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但对于一个广泛的主导者 , 不同意味着颜色和姿势丰富 , 多样性体现团结和谐 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性工业和非woven袋密切的经济关系 , 其非wowog袋对产业发展的巨大不足 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本文综述了我国luxu研究的特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	营地的第一条规则是保持一个清洁的营地 。 你不能留下任何东西 , 熊可能认为是食物 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	这使得在一个镇下或湖下的石油沉积物可能达到油沉积 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报道网络外部性是imcl的重要影响因素之一 , 并证明了它 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全由于新恐怖主义威胁 , 街道被关闭 。 警察线路 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为 , 在政治上看到一个动态女人 , " 34岁的莱okookokokamoto说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	法国航空工业将于2012年在巴黎附近安装增强机场 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公众媒体将 " 本山文化 " 成为一个新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	由于美国利率倾向于引起美元的欣赏 , 它们可能会使得更大的贸易赤字更大 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	电视、电视等现代装置广泛应用于电子管、电视等电子管 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在严肃的河流镇 , 生命的步伐完全受到潮流的温柔流动 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	6月 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪手在奢华大陆酒店发动了死亡的袭击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果对象确实是飞行酱油 , 那么回收可能是值得百万美元或亿美元的价值 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动性与其电荷相关 , 平均尺寸的碎片 , 由于它的扭曲和弯曲 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	采用hplc法对我国甘西紫外植物中磷酸含量进行了分析 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	托马斯先生正在做一个长距离调用 。 请等几分钟 。 你喜欢一些咖啡或茶吗 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两到三个创始人说 , 每个人都拥有x量的新科 , 并分配他们的ip与新科相关的公司 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过欣赏和分析一些组成 , 我们可以在中国现代油画现状上合理的池塘 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	当一般讲话叫他们的特点时 , 说: " 你怎样 , 法国 , 穿着别人的统一吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	用光声检测法对引起的激光注射特性的影响进行了研究 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	鉴别了双移和xen图的超精度拒绝的贡献 , 得到了良好的识别 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 只有在太阳峰中记录 , 本地公园在保护区内 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	儿童歌曲在儿童教育中起着重要作用 , 不要被其他诗歌替代 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	影片一样 , 就像图片描述一样 , 有很多事情或欲望的人必须承受或寻找 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预测 , 中东继续不稳定性的预测可能会让价格推进到春天 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另一个因素intel提到:公司在后端建立的公司 , 以便采取所谓云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	本文根据运输统计的发展趋势 , 提出 " 运输账户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅是学生 , 还是老师都被王莱青承认青华大学的新闻激励 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这个金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准程序和未来的倡议 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	基于投影分散规则 , 建立了损伤模型 , 建立了armourpiering机械的原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 槽 " 系统给出了几种选择 , 可以将装饰对象放在表面上 , 如表和衣服上 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	郑州的十字塔将包括五个混合用户从一个圆形的体育馆里摆出来 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	您可以回忆2006年 , 北京合作论坛会于2006年重大人民大厅 , 举行了中非合作论坛 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	或许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会与美国法官谈话的机会 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意在左侧形成内囊清单 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、红细胞变形指数、纤维素和plt均降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的coreoslinux用户可以利用云平台来达到世界最大的市场之一 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着电脑和数据库技术在服装行业中应用 , 服装mtm迅速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据收集将被严格的信心处理 , 并且只用于接收和其他通讯 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个笔头都分别匹配两个帽子 , 液管在笔架上被安装 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	通过以上证明 , 可生命的方法是预测mch人力供应的实用和效率 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何在这个自由的克鲁克艺术家们从一个经历的克鲁克艺术家中提取一个自由切割课程 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛还宣布 , 克拉拉·汪辞职 , 其高级副总裁在中国人力资源 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于它的温暖微气候 , 格雷兹是一个城市 , 几乎是中世纪的公园 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	因此你在你和你的身体里都有这些germs , 所以你们都想把germs弄出来 , 所以你把sneeze打出来 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这是为了增加额外的信息 , 在开发者之间 , 特别是如果地图共享开发者之间 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某些方面加入到你的网站 , 即使在头部图像中 , 或是吸引颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另一个现实是 , 如果美国不能扩大出口 , 压力将会增加其进口 , 相反 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	对于最大安全 , 不要触摸产品、测试电缆或其他仪器 , 在测试电路下应用于测试电路 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	大多数巴菲特的智慧干扰从这项投资特性:当你不知道什么时候 , 不要做任何事情 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己受到白人带来罗杰的药物问题太伤害 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	这种技巧是不断的自我评价和自我提高自己的生产力 , 同时也提高了自己的工作方式 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们当然欢迎奥运项目满足不同客户的需求 , 我们保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一份报告说: " 托尼是非常好的和友好的 , " 一份报告说 , " 他在医院的拘留是防止他的条件 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 伦敦只有几十个武装机器 , 但到1990年代 , 大约有百倍 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们还在第二次世界大战结束时展示了我一张穆尔曼斯克的照片 , 这是一张航空照片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在昨晚训练的志愿者 , 晚上没有睡觉 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国朋友们特别关注他们的努力停止暴力 , 与遇难的青少年工作 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	更好地分布您的web内容 , 并为自己保持原始源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克、卡特里娜和华尔街崩溃是雷根时代的三个钉子 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	第一次获得了一次大笑 , 然而热情在第一次听证之后 , 热情一直在笑着 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	从那个肮脏堆底部恢复出来 , 它能看到光 , 仍然处于良好的状态 , 这是这样的救济 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我的父亲是我母亲离开我的姐姐是正确的 , 我的妻子是正确的守卫 , 我的弟弟正向前走 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	很好的回顾 , 看我们共同做的事情 , 意识到我们是一个不等的故事 , 正在等的故事 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着自己的愤怒 , 奥巴万飞行了速度 , 向多库的村庄最大速度 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容 , 可以实现国家标准 , 所有指标都是我们的请求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨已经组装了一份中间联盟政府 , 并声称新选举将在未来几个月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	战时记忆来到周围 , 所以 , 莱宁拉德的70周年纪念似乎不明显 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	如果你在这里有三个 , 所以祝贺你 , 你已经成为一个行的女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	双阳 , 火烧了你在一个不可避免的位置 , 很快就可以添加水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	哈特福德南部的一个小社区20英里 , 是中场的一部分 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将再次成为星期五 , 但这将是九点钟 , 他会在这里 , 所以我认为这里也会是很多乐趣 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	然而 , 我们并不确定不寻常的 " 石 " 完成在普通木粒的地方 , 但这是纯粹的主观 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反思是指法律建设的新建设可以应用于过去事件和行为 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢慢下来思考你的注意力 , 你会同意在浏览web时回答电子邮件 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数的抗议者都说是在首都mbane , 而且不能得到曼子尼 , 45分钟的驱动 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上在剧场上花了 , 这个球星告诉了一个水电坝的游泳建筑的故事 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢使用这个策略 , 比如gocery存储、咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	随着一个小山告诉记者 , 他每天早上5点起来 , 第一件事是帮助母亲理解厕所 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 世卫组织在国内有强大的出现 , 与当地卫生官员工作肩膀 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	阿杜:这部电影甚至在帽子里展示了我们的立法人在电视上战斗 。 谢什 ! 脸上有什么损失 。
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	这些cnv删除的数量有很大的变化 , 这些基因组中有很多人 , 有些人有几百万人 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	租金说: " 我是一个低廉的生活费用和大型的德克萨克拉姆 , 巴希尔人肯定在这个城市找到爱情 ! "
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	权力拓扑相信开放性是资源集成器的一个重要质量 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	粉末形式中的真菌发明应该存储在冰箱里 , 防止曝光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	采用风吹煤设备和煤颗粒筛选装置 , 提供半浮层燃烧器 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fgets、fgets、fscanf和flose函数返回错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一个稳定的影像部分 , 一个稳定的视觉信息处理部分和动机驱动部件 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流体分析在指导代谢工程中的遗传操作中起着重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 在过去计算中 , 需要的类似需要的是模拟火灾 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	显示该数据库中所有列名称的列表 , 具有独特的单柱索引 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地球物理学家都知道 , 地质物理学是一种广泛应用的数值方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约纽约市盈利的迹象导致股市早期收益 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为建立国有股权代表的工作计划 , 为国家持有和联合股份公司的工作计划 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:4例tbet猪成功从淋巴细胞中克隆 。
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种牵引修复床 , 前一段可绑定的截面 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	另外 , 皮革 , 没有头发 , 单位表面区域不超过28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一个runaway河 , 我们正等着pew.qw.q3721.ople两侧 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈学室提供专门推广 , 允许新闻在10美元下采取课程 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评价厚纺织皮肤缺损表面的感觉恢复 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前 , 矿业企业的有效税率比非矿业企业的1526%低于1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数的社会昆虫中 , 比如isps、bees和蚂蚁 , 女性是工人 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	采用模拟和实验研究了低电压系统短路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	插入接触后 , 数据库返回了行列id列的id值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义都有自己独特的创意思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	通过在夏季和冬季中提到的方法 , 降低能量假设 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论无耐药性r.flavictus检测 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	孟子女士开始了一个关键问题 , " 他做了一批经理 , 很大程度上 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆 " 智慧 " :温格尔曼...让我向朋友介绍你:最佳的原因 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	北方位置 , 台山顶部 , 是一座温度大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	只有在例外的情况下 , 可以允许客户重新启用或修改相关指令秩序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常情况 , 以及胆固醇之间的宏观 , 非常薄的保护组织 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	专业设计师为您创造各种设计风格 , 经历了多年的建筑团队 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 当您在飞行上创建函数时 , 对于lambdas的真正优势是需要的 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人 , 老朋友和亲戚自由搜索工具 , 包括41页 " 白色 " 页 " 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这种设计 , 双臂椅风格的变化 , 只有轻松的垫 , 在法国短暂 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 如果你本周被压缩了100磅 , 那么下周你应该尝试105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	嗯 , 宇宙的概念在古代人群中广泛传播的概念是你可能熟悉的 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	产品具有较高的产量和质量化质量 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论提高原发性脑膜ct诊断精度的关键是定位肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有的操作都在手上和修改下 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法求解非线性测量函数与雷达坡干扰 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	在印度 , 是建造巨大的煤炭电厂 , 主要气候污染物的公司 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你覆盖了诱导 , 查看meller的方法 , 我最后一次提到它 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农民种植了他从市场买的种子 , 秋天来到没有收获 , 因为种子是假的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	公司总体利润总额增长至36.3% , 年一季度的34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	186例肝移植患者接受irolimus , 4例发达的肺炎被属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	" 父母意味着成熟足以帮助孩子适应失望 , " achenbach说 。
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外界事件从贷款完成过程的监测模型发送这个met值 , 到高级监测模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天的日本规则比朝鲜规则更为奇异 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的记忆仪式与周和卢在圣地、地点、提供等相当不同 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至通知 , 烟雾吸烟不仅是吸烟者 , 还是吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结山南方教授治疗胸部梗阻的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	根据阻抗匹配特殊雷达吸收器 , 没有检测材料 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了电泳涂料在太阳能热单元使用的铝合金支持过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效果和其他温暖饮料 , 比如茶或可可可可可乐 , 可以提升你的精神 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨idio病理和二次异常j波的临床及电图特点 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	摘要:研究米拉比利jalapa和thaearosea的萌发特征 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多叶垂直切割机的应用范围及其结构 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆柱容器具有广阔的口袋 , 容易填充和方便的访问内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	在百年和百年级的气候变化是分泌研究中最重要的方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	在公安机关中 , 应用程序范围广泛 , 广泛应用于公安器官 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国结束了一个远北城市的四星块 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这一问题 , 我们通过单个hscs进行一系列组织重构研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	随着眼睛健康公司 , 巴斯&lomb在世界各地消费者的完美视觉和提高生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助医疗企业客户解决问题 , 人类健康追求是我们的理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街骨骼线和建筑骨骼线的块通用方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	另一端光谱是苏明 , 来自北京大学的农民和研究 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大公司已经开始雇用西方人 , 在最好的美国和欧洲设施中最长的经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	在我们自己的经历中 , 我们可以看到世界的真理 , 以确认佛教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为了实现控制算法 , 本文采用plc , 设计了pd控制和模糊控制程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	17年1月17日 , 伊德阿拉哈宗教节日宣布了几天的突破 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	您可以在我们的网站上提交自己的想法或评论 , 大西洋.com , 或者您可以发送一个信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个人彼此增长更舒适 , 你会看到更多的头绑 , 因此更加暴露脖子 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	另外 , 国际党享受了一份记录的支持 , 因为投票人抛弃了传统的诉讼 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论碳单氧化碳复合治疗高疗率、低变形率 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一名球员 , 丹佛nuggets教练乔治·卡尔在他的团队上传到了一个仪式 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼被加入omega3和蛋白 , 但它们还包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个爷爷里采取的骄傲 , 或是对我来说 , 开始对我来说 , 生长的影响 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了使用清单1中示的xslt任务生成的检查风格报告的示例 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	新泽西的一个社区 , 新布朗西克郊区 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	采用单评价方法 , 满足精确评价效果的需求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升 , 温暖空气形成明显的云 , 可见于卫星和模型图像 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	瓶子里有一个差异 , 它是一个专业的小型复制 , 帮助您执行焦点任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	附近muttrah拥有一个充满魅力的中海风格的水前和哈尔堡现在主要使用了ruiseliner 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为支持此 , 命令vmde部署mgr.sh的三个选项是vdm的主要应用 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券都是标记的市场 , 但这个新加坡仍然允许证券在历史成本上运行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想让国家公务员的财产透明 , 我们应该建立和消费系统 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbs论坛 , 因为他们的工具获得消息和通讯 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子花在巨大的好意 , 直到她的声音增长了shrill 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	当你正处在一大块前面的时候 , 周期列表不像刹车一样骑着 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	布朗克斯动物园是不可思议的 , 幻想 , 非常好的领域 , 喷洒动物园 , 看到和做得很多 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是为什么要做跨技术混合ui组件 ? 路恩解释了一些使用cas的一些用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 基于jw1h医院信息系统设计并开发了军事医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	fra和nfma强化发展中国家的能力 , 以管理它们的林业信息基础 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小规模化学运行并从美国铜矿中污染 , 证明科罗拉多是灾难 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	星期四 , 乘客和其他41名乘客来自墨西哥 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果需要精确的tc , 必须采取最多的区域效应 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一种重型的工程 , 高建煤焦焦氧涂料用于浸渍服务中钢和混凝土的保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	民法体系从自由资本主义转化到垄断资本主义的 " 文化 " 开始 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	任何这些位置或风格都工作了那些需要登录的细用户 , 可以找到不会破坏或错误的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	考察了肝重比、tg、tg、tdlc、ldc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明 , 我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已达到世界标准 。 " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	十四耶稣问他们 , " 哪个是法律的 , 要做好或做恶魔 , 救生还是杀死呢 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一个19岁的工人名叫马湘建的身体在他高层门前发现了他的身体 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你也可以回忆 , 媒体被称为 " 附近的马戈先生 " 和 " 哈勃 " 的麻烦 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但在爱丁堡大学毕业后 , 他对自然历史有更多的兴趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	问 。 我的青少年参与了这么多活动:学校 , 婴儿坐 , 教堂 , 体育 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	这里有人说 , 除此之外 , 除了另一个维度上的选举 , 这可能是字符或什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	洛斯说 , 这些发现显示了精炼我们的重量与身体脂肪和疾病关系的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户维护他们的网站朋友的列表 , 并且看到谁添加了朋友 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家谈论工资平等 , 但我父亲在他的整个职业生涯中做了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 有如中国三英寸的金莲和西部的美丽时尚 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果公司同时兼职了vodafone集团和意大利的意大利权利 , 销售iphone 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 这个概念是用你不能得到的东西来存储你的裤子 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意victorfleischer的基本前提是管理其他人资金的费用 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从大量的冲击实验中 , 得到直接闪光技术能够满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	两间客房有1500w分离的墙型空调 , 可以调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个逮捕的图片来吸引眼睛和覆盖线 , 通过给出一个令人惊讶的想法 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手是小的 , 请不要预期完美的 , 每当我做床 , 画一张照片 , 或者扔一个球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	在过去五年里 , 慢性发现 , 他们的媒体增加 , 调整通胀 , 是19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法采用改性trapelisa检测2780细胞的分子酶活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做许多选择 , 但如果你想要做什么 , 咨询ocap里的项目wiki页面 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一个新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我将尽快与这个团队合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	艾米莉·迪金森住在一个叫做家的高房子里 , 她的妹拉文尼亚 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我住了整个晚上 , 醒了一台硬板 , 让蚊子从她身上走到她身边 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始考虑这些问题在你在冥想中做的情况下 , 他们甚至使它更稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而在实践中 , 我们看到政府官员属于最犯罪和 " 无法律 " 专业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书 , 我们出时了 ! 你必须给予塞尔加工装置 , 并从城里提取它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们已经建立了一系列ports , 每个独特的目标 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇见她未来的丈夫陈纳尔 , 他是中国大战英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了运动的目标外 , 除了运动的目标外 , 还需要提倡的人 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这实际上我想从希腊语中推出来 , " synkope " , synkope , synkope , synkope 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的影响是城市收入的侵蚀 , 因为这样的税收的财产价值基础继续缩短 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在m1也许是莫托格普最好的自行车 , 雅马哈有很大的骑手 , 所以看起来似乎不需要我 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的喜悦 , 他带给我的生活 , 因为每一个梦想 , 他都是真的 , 因为我在他里找到的爱 , 我永远感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑蚂蚁获得多年的工作经验 , 合作标准 , 设计专业和完美的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑大机械远程测试的相同特点 , 该系统可用于其他大型机械测试过程中使用 , 并找到正常应用程序 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最受欢迎的方式应用程序之一是其28 , 000种从gourmet和博恩酒吧中获得的 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	世界范围内的增长速度慢慢 , 今年早些时候从196个国家的26个国家中减弱了 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统主义们把握了 " 价值变量 " 和 " 货币化 " 的手 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	如果他们在这里做一个转移rna分子 , 那么你的细胞只能在另一端放在leucine 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水饱和赤字、自由水、边界水和细胞sap浓度都与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	这两个主要的攻击 , 在拉霍尔和其他地震中 , 杀死了100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	花色和总黄酮含量的差异没有明显的法律 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	在1996年的大风格中 , 1996年的年度报告是由电子地面创造的咖啡色彩纸制成的 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家的路 , 我很容易 , 穿沙拉 , 心里 , " 波普斯 , " 唱它的歌曲 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 我今晚不会喝酒 , 因为我是指定的司机 , 只要给我的酒杯给我指定的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 提出了类似聚硅烷的研究难点 , 并提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	本文介绍了 " 海关301船 " 的全尺度测试结果 , 并给出了无流坦克或海洋的 " 海关 " 的全尺度测试结果 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 有其他火山网站 , 比如mtetna和火山在中国 , 这可能适合研究者的模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	熊猫立即派出最好的沙丘、橡皮和钻石 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会用压力把自己放下来 , 让自己像电影和日报这样的一些娱乐活动 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友环境中 , 工作选择是最可能从政府投票的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人达成共识 , 坚持联合发展的总体方向和加速咨询 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是个坏消息 , 阿詹·罗本和乔布·科尔 , 我努力看看他们如何在团队获得一个常规的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在家里保持设施安全 , 水 , 享受舒适的水 , 下午4点钟 , 因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 元明石对理想世界纯粹的文本研究 , 在红色管理梦中保持着少量的水 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除排除或制造 , 通过消除单个失败的单点来实现的 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能继续恢复 , 左臂仍然固定 , 而左手腕flexesto启动拉 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨血管张素i受体在高氧诱导慢性肺疾病中的表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册查找表的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	买方和卖方签署的任何修改应当被修改 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	高速计算中心空间科学研究所提供了高速计算环境 , 为学生和职业提供了高速的计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	在获得许可科学程度后 , 我在1960年10月进入了我们的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	美国政府出版的目录是联邦出版的可搜索数据库 , 链接到这些可用的网上 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	2006年至2010年之间 , 美国pto并没有获得一个专利 , 任何基于中国的五家公司从10家公司中获得 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管如此 , 赵伟也强调 , 表演工作无意味地限制剩余的方向 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈伊克和罗宾应该强调关于私人水果的关键主义 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是全国最大的关注 , 重视欧洲和运动的重要影响 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由其大小约束 , 病毒使用重叠阅读框架来生成蛋白的完整补充 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二维是 , 你需要更多的财政刺激 , 在这个国家中 , 可以坚持它的国家 , 这就是前载 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	清洁 , 用柠檬汁洗脸 , 你也可以在黑头上把柠檬汁抽出来 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:改善和发展三阳三阴影的综合鉴别 , 探讨女性疾病的经典 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	室内选择不可燃烧和爆炸物质 , 室内吸收防火工作 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	扩展功能自动定位所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 用于监测和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内 , 我们的客户包括宝钢、手钢、橙钢、姜钢等大型铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘书服务估计 , 每年印刷1亿美元反馈美元 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	道兴志教师的专业道德从历史和实践两个方面出发 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文采用自组织竞争神经网络在异步电机的识别中应用 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立hplc方法同时评价复方氧化合物和ketfinasal喷雾的方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防御建立的可能 , 中国已经破坏了f17的秘密 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近一项调查 , 大学生的78.9%希望在毕业后进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼经常被描述为人类邪恶的骚扰 , 是莫莫塔罗的一半正义 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	采用光敏聚合物 , 实现了高温比 , 采用光敏聚合物 , 实现了pxel电极和总线 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的财务状况尤其糟糕 , 半数人说他们有那么多的学生债务 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 查理的天使 , 爱船 , 王朝 , 永远希望90210和梅尔罗塞地方 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	联合国艾滋病/艾滋病项目已经建立了一个委员会 , 研究亚洲和太平洋发展的疾病和影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	随着罗森堡笔记 , 黑写评论经常被作为黑史暴露的前提 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	你应该提醒 , 除非你给予正确和完成的信息 , 否则你将会出席任何关于这个会议的显示事件 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	这个星期 , 托马斯·塞克尔在第一次曼联飞行中占据了机器 。 本周持续1分钟 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	在我深深的知识中 , 缺乏实践经验 , 希望读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	对于我来说 , 地球的心是这个无眠的春夜 , 今天早晨的沉思 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 母亲不应该那么残酷 , " 一位绝望的父母说 , " 他们对我们来说 。
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展示了影片的动画特征 , 展览了动画工作室的手机展览 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火灾基地或中途三分之一的火焰 , 火焰分离出来的火焰 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	夜晚 , 静静地进入西方 , 忽视地球的细微或多少阴影在边缘的想象 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她在她右边闪着银色的时候 , 马的第一个直觉是从危险中逃脱 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于二次晶体的发生 , 转换辊板可以产生比较完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx之间的数据源记录和记录集对象的字段数据成员之间的数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	利用肥料制备水稻产量稳定高 , 协调氮供应和氮要求的平衡 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 每个帖子和一个新女王蜜蜂一起 , 然后 , 看看网内的数字几乎没有蜜 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开营 , 他的船员重建一条路或一条宽敞的桥 , 吉尔伯特等待他的回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	证明采用多样性热处理是实现相关转子锻造位置不同性能的一种新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷和吸引颜色可以升级药品包 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自那以后 , 父亲在6月第三个星期天被家庭认出来 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么很多人把自己放在桌前面 , 用微波饭后 , 怎么样 ? 因为它很方便 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是用简单的包装结构 , 许多通道可以交换json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	紧急车辆的司机和参与者不能放弃他们的邮件 , 死在哪里他们停止给援助和援助 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	kevinrud上个晚上与澳大利亚选民一起做出了一幅电影 , 以期与他们一起前进 , 忘记了一个新的未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本论文研究了黄芪油化反应机制及反应产品利用现状 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看起来非常紧密 , 我们的野花就像花园里的任何东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这幅著名的画是澳大利亚文献岩石艺术的数千人之一 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生命时间短...-----------------------------------------------------------------------
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	最有效的支付方汤红酒 , 红酒 , 官方网站支付汤 , 酒 , 补偿汤 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 绍兴鸭年龄和饮食cp水平明显影响cp保留率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	城镇周围的风俗收集显示很多文件夹具 , 但也有实际的事情 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音乐 , 轻 , 音乐和技术展览 , 每年5月至6月举行 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 在电影生长过程中 , 可以推导到帕尼电影的剂量水平增加 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与对照组相比 , 颈动脉和颈动脉区域显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	本文总结了vsam文件的结构 , 以及vsam的数据空间、目录、数据空间、保护功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法对308例nm激光治疗79例稳定性恶性患者的358例病变进行治疗 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	第二代农民 " 公民化 " 的平滑进展提出了相关建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些喜欢的机构服务 , 享受短距离、低成本和管理的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡水库地区岩体力学性能的影响进行了评价 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署到最小磁盘或ram需求的机器 , 那么它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法将患者分为不同群体 , 然后所有患者都在肾色多普勒能量图像检查下 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃在没有情绪的李俊卡笑容 , 总是带着刘启惠的性情景 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 在怀孕期间 , 除了有效的抗抑郁药物含有60%或更多的复发风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果动物研究中 , 肺动物可抑制稳定性葡萄糖的生长 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当有建筑物时 , 他们通常很差 , 泥泞或食物的结构不幸存下雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转折点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示了不控制移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	同时提出了一种基于cpld的基于通用的基于cpld控制器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一位刑事抱怨摩洛西亚在她当银行员工时 , 将大量资金从福尔斯法戈那州偷走 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他公务员通常参与离职培训 , 不超过12天的积累累累 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化活性炭脱硫装置 , 用于污水泵站紫外气净化 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonames地理数据库可用于创造性共同属许可下载免费的电荷 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯托利在整个历史上也被称为黄金买下了几种不同的传奇与其开始和其意义相关的传说 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种低电压装置的粒子扫描优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这听起来不好 。 " 最后 , 瓦斯告诉我我 , 我受到ptsd的伤害-----------------------------------------------
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺院里 , 他发现男人卖牛、羊和多夫人坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	摩擦系数相当于平面带承载能力高于平面带 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	孩子通常每晚都有夜误 , 一般在睡眠后有几个小时 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算每年节约的增加成本 , 用于高风险个人和高风险个人 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可以使用基于gui的管理工具来修改集装箱基于特定环境的容器 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可证是一种营养草药 , 许可证的表现正在推出phlegm和逮捕咳嗽 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo咨询过程外包服务提供了部分或整体化的各种服务 , 在招募期间对客户提供各种服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去五十年来 , 民族主义是文学知识分子的常见现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	用碘作为催化剂 , 合成了黄油醛和甘蔗醇 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文研究了基于游戏的界面自动化、时界面自动化、资源界面和游戏基于游戏的概念 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	创伤事件 , 比如9/11恐怖袭击 , 也往往成为儿童记忆中搜索的 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 星半学研究的启动是多维学术和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏人会在实现教学对象和教学任务中发挥重要作用 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这将不久的改革由自由民主引入的改革 , 以促使日本长远的经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	世界上先进液氮卡车已应用于石油生产中 , 并在1994年进口了良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我的奇怪的添加特征是像婴儿 , 收集死事物 , 并且在泡沫里完全保持浴缸 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯沃布顿说 , 该计划显示 , 成员在开发可持续食品生产中占领先地位 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	罗弗再次拯救埃瓦桑 , 周围医生和他的巨大的形式 , 从城堡墙上降下来 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在我们还可以检索我们的网格工作的所有部分是我们自己的能量 , 只有能量 , 才能在那里获得洞穴和空间 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于那些曾经在烹饪和苏达的人来说 , 路到整个葡萄园 , 偶尔是蔬菜生活开始 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后 , 讨论了vgfgfgas晶体生长过程中聚晶线的 " 接口效应 " 及其发生情况 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留他们的电话号码 , 包括区域代码 , 当他们从州移到状态时 , 所以很难知道它们在哪里 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法选择11例加工阶段 , 观察大汗干预治疗血动力学监测 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本文的目的是 , 尽管本论文中建立的研究模式仍不足 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	经营第一 , 高兴后来 , 王理查德说 , 当他在塔里站着另一个王 , 在他吸烟婴儿之前 , 他说 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	多孔硅和其制备技术在微型传感器领域广泛应用于微型传感器领域 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来如果安全装置在这场活动中 , 没有什么东西将从利物浦的失败中保护他们 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像来自mesenger , 一个nasa发现任务 , 以实现最内部行星的第一个轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我前老师告诉我 , 作为英语主要的课程 , 我应该读大巴拉 , 这是g.b.haw的主要演员之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘的作品显示 , 中国现代化的中国人留下了现代化的现实 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着这三个宝石 , 他在天上回来 , 走出珍珠门外 , 他决定检查自己的元素 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸脸颊 , 嘴唇 , 胸部 , 腿 , 感觉他们的伴侣沿着他们的背部 , 大腿或胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	通过区域气候模型 , 研究了我国旱区土地利用和土地覆盖变化的区域气候响应 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	通过筛选蛋白质的生物功能 , 其中筛选蛋白p是一种特殊的iso形式 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , chci3和ccl4浓度比来源水更高 , 尤其是ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	同样 , 应该有几个巨大的炸弹场景 , 可以提供动作和破坏时刻 , 所以这可能是有趣的和充分的 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公交车正在达到山顶 , 将落后 , 公交车的右侧面正面临着一个不可信的悬崖 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想要公平的员工 , " 希拉斯堡的超级代理玛丽·艾利亚解释说 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍相关或非相关设施如精神位置、观察座位、摄像机位等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	世界范围内科学通信者已被用来开发与科学进步相关的公共决策 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦领导了72%的人报道说他们正在激烈 , 而美国在1月12日出现 , 占59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨这些考虑 , 并讨空气或冷却系统如何帮助您优化您的mig或tig焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	其中有一些差异 , 温度分布大多 , 但它们丰富 , 共同发展文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖于1963年开始了视觉效果分类 , 虽然它被称为 " 特殊效果 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入密封理查德 " 马克 " 麦科兹在搜索最终武器的野生骑车上 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸 , 看起来他等着电话 , 然后拿起我来 , 很高兴地址 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	把重损伤交给你的目标超过9秒 , 大大降低了他们的armor , 只能从侧或后面使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的马拉里亚控制部门 , 与国际研究团队一起工作 , 已经监测该干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部部署 , 而且它的自我管理 , 自愈能力减少人类干预的需要 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pd港已提交计划在teesport使用主要的英国零售商开发一个102亿美元的进口中心 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 潮湿 , 小不点 , 冰冷的王子 , 蓝神经卡瓦 , 舞大三角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地分配法使农民更容易采购未开发的土地 , 从大公共领域来购买 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在回答一个模式中 , 您可以设置预定的数字并选择手机后应该自动解答器的数字 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	全球800多名员工大约20 , 000名员工提供技术 , 系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	下次你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能把它从物理诞生之前来到哪里 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析师说 , 中国总之 , 想把它的行业融入公司 , 像布朗伯格、时代沃纳和维纳一样 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果rac节点停止工作 , oracle将不会失败dtp服务 , 直到oraclerac清洁和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	过去 , 发展中国家倾向于被视为一个缺乏现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨fdgpet延迟图像在腹部恶性新生儿诊断中的应用价值 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	本文分析了夏季马洛多污染的出现特点 , 并提出相应的操作措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:采用色谱法测定复合药物酸和伯丁水氯化物的复合物 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	四川人民国会代表李毅阳因为怀疑贿赂而被剥夺 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	此言之后 , 政治顾问提出的提议 , 叫政府放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	白领的原因是他们在职业生涯中追求工作成果 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后 , 所有这个地震发生了 , 我认为 , 卡马 ? 当你没有那么好的事情发生在你身上 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当复制时 , 这个集体知识使软件模式和作为反模式分类成为有价值的扩展 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文总结了近年来磁聚合物微球的成果及应用情况 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象相似的沙尘柱向热蓝色星点 , 是他们的愤怒效果的智能标志 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但是很老的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.ox地址 , 那么接收者必须在标签上包含 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要的一种研究 , 为了使最终决定我们需要多长时间持续双板治疗 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论什么原因 , 我往往认为他是一个低文件 " 内部 " , 但他的出版历史相信这张图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉先前平等的目标是国家运动队 , 这次他对英格兰的比赛 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿子的父母是非常合理的 , 让一个最古老的儿子立即安排工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能量中心位于人神经系统的主要分支 , 从西班牙的基础到头顶 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	当决定一个特定的业务动机发言人规则和指导你的团队时 , 你必须相信你的本能 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	新连接网站的最初版本 , 临床和翻译科学网络将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破坏是影响粗粒材料的湿变形的重要因素 , 更好的研究是必要的 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了三维扫描的工作原理 , 并介绍了atos光学扫描仪的系统校准 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织已发送检查人员到格兰贾斯卡罗尔农场 , 调查结果尚未公布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签名签名权有个人权属性 , 涉及状态权利 , 财产权和绝对权利 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文对其物理、化学、生物学性能及免疫化学检测方法进行了探讨 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	马克拉瑟将军描述为 " 太平洋中最强的贡献因素之一 " 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	然而 , 德布里斯在冲击之后 , 这些异常是由岩浆组成的 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	与此同样 , 必须是坟墓 , 不要双重的 , 不给许多葡萄酒 , 不要贪婪过滤的葡萄酒 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva179混合的两种尺寸混合物 , 分析了溶液系统的稳定性 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	预集中汁为多效蒸发剂提供了一种多效果蒸发剂 , 将第二部分水分离成集中 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	1974年夏天 , 福建省泉州湾的古河流被挖掘 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	要说 , 旅行是奢侈品 , 没有必要的化石燃料产生是一个过度简化 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是垂直位置.149.9 , 但我认为我测量的不确定性可能是1毫米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文对农业研究机构内部会计控制现状进行了分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃在日常环境中显示化学插入 , 没有与生活事物反应 , 因此它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	采用7个步骤实现了方胺总合成的第一步 , 其产量超过14% 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果在大学注册人也是采取课程 , 他或她可能会发挥学生和注册的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	sgfothills的迁移结果表明 , 该方法在高成像精度 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农产品的充分供应 , 并通过多通道增加农民收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解外肺结核的细菌培养、细菌类型及药敏性 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	分析了整个结构的主要因素 , 简化 , 可视化和视觉化等因素 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其他原油或合成杀虫剂时 , 某些必要油的协同作用 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏元素可以稍后提高渲染 , 使你更容易跟踪 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	本例给出了图形上 , 信心水平和不确定的高斯统一的限制 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	在滚动区壁厚变形特征呈变形特征 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	通常 , 不要私人行业历史的历史 , 还没有在历史书官方历史上 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	21世纪是印度社会 , 印度安全是我国国家安全战略的一部分 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨钨粉粒粒子尺寸和tc量对晶粒尺寸的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种淀粉耐药率相似 , 耐药性为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了蒸汽导弹的目标特征和检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频彩色多普勒超声在肺动脉造影中的作用 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三个规则是在数控复杂的组件和仿真过程中运行的 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨二维离子室阵列在加速器质量保证中的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育创新是教育环境中的一个研究模式或方法 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已成为一个常见的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们愿意与一生性传播疾病或有穷的卫生有人约会 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	通过基于p波粒子振动协调旋转 , 实现了不同深度的源组件 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热爸是数字化的 , 通常不灵活 , 而且不能从电源出发工作 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 庄子 " 是张州作品时期 , 这是道教的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他化合物或治疗浓度对女性成年没有明显的吸引力或反应作用 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	明显的原因 , 这位科学家叫做摄影公司 , 订购了 " 缺陷 " 电影 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来10天 , 由于客户订单的大量订单 , 我将在chq上做过多次 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他说 , 他将要求国会增加援助巴基斯坦 , 但在他预计巴基斯坦将采取安全性 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期和智慧地使用mms , 我可能从来没有另一个寒冷、支气管炎、流感或肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	或许 , 当他们击败青少年时 , 可能会有一些背景 , 但至少他们有大多数的生活都会同样这些信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse让您自动生成hah代码和等于类的方法 , 这样你就不需要自己 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	建筑师可以通过现有的应用程序或服务实现哪些用例 , 这些用例需要构建或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们应该更加认识到我们的语言的猜测精神 , 上述我 " 理解 " 的内容 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	由于微流比长期运行过程更好 , 使用一个微流来实现代理流程 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 这种状态并不会被其熟悉的角色作为一个严格适应的典型耳朵的组成部分 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月11日 , 金正日检查新建的康吉农场 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	新研究显示 , 红色的猴子将是最严重的叶变化所威胁的主要物质之一 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	在你的游戏中 , 激励参与正在选择一些东西 , 让你满足 , 享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有一个好的时间 , 你不应该问你在采访结束时如何做的访谈 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	美国零售主要沃尔玛2008年裁定 , 全球范围内所有的冰冻机都会与led相关 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者指出 , 随机、安慰剂控制试验需要确认该观察研究的发现 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你不知道我所做的 , 因为我读的同一本书 , 听到同样的故事 , 我从来没有看到过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说 , p2p玩家几乎所有这些银行都做的事情 , 标准产品 , 评估浏览器 , 编写和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售房子中 , 需要线性运动从建筑的一端到另一端 , 作为一个设备移动人们 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	唐代茶取得了中国西南地区的原始 , 通过长江数千年来 , 传播了中国西南地区 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	经过长一天的办公室 , 你可能会被迫在你新平台电视前站起来并崩溃 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	印度 , 8.6%的女孩在15岁至19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在尼泊尔 , 这个数字最高10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事检查凯特的生命作为摄影师和访问购买者 , 以及成为党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都能让你微笑 , 很多人可以哭 。 但是 , 有些人真的是特别的 , 让你笑着眼泪 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海洋和狗处理器迈克在采访中说: " 只要狗跟处理器一样 , 他爱着生活 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	同时 , 他还在迪士尼 , 伯顿开发了他的黑白短短的弗兰克韦尼 , 约有一个男孩 , 他的死狗 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一位专家认为 , 多年来 , 美国已经在技术上投资 , 以使汽车更加灵活 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	那些担心失去工作的人 , 让他们从饮料中减少 , 减少风险 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	男子补充说: " 在中央zlitan的一个大型混凝土建筑上指出: " 他们在所有运动上都有密切的观察 。
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	您是否必须释放一个单身的木材 , 就会使用 , 您想做一个荷兰的妻子吗 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	然而 , 当它来学生困境比例时 , 他们的排名下降 , 清华在22分和23rd 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速和准确预测弹性寿命的新方法 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	还要检查你的手机或pda , 你永远不会错过你的计划在你的口袋里或追求时 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏格汉纳说 , 今年1月 " 基雅克是世界第五大交通来源 " 。
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们只需要4000个朋友来自希腊 , 谁主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	那些相信透明度的人有继承价值 , 或者应该是规范 , 最初可能有困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	当您需要将输入阵列分离成两个或更小的基于输入数据的标准时 , 您可以使用这个技术 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼工业指数上涨178.08点 , 或1.53% , 11 , 836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	这是一个步骤 , 程序上来自大型模型 , 至少需要一些产品要求的想法 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	用大豆粉或饮食纤维制备高质量蒸煮面包 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	化学家jeanbaptiste杜马斯 , 法国农业部长 , 被控停止流行病 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	李斯科特是世界最大的零售商李斯科特的老板 , 被称为改善他的供应链的伟大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	以色列继续在加沙制备可能的地面攻击中加沙的地面部队 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	游客走到海滩 , 他们去拉缪岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫巴那 , 他们坐着喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	sssife是一种诱发器 , 育育一个爱心 , 养生自信和生产许多年轻的团体可以做得很好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是理由的惩罚 , 没有疑问 , 但有人必须认识到原因的惩罚 , 然后把一个帽子给他 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更加贪婪是在冷轧后的织物 , 质量提高 , 作为新客户的优质和用户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	科学家首先从更近明星和星系中删除了光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设置自己的可实现目标 , 她会学习自己的骄傲 , 依靠别人的认可或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥斯岛在沙滩和海域的重要性 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	这只鸟的其他名字是圣诞的鸽子 , 庆典绿色的鸽子和绿色的帝国鸽 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持它清洁 , 清晰 , 伪装 , 但绝对关注特定客户的好处 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	股市流动或国家产品的大规模现象的经济理论主要内容 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活让自己从活动中突破 , 强调你是一个很好的放松工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	在最后一次我们看到的完全弹性碰撞中 , 我们丢失了动力能量 , 这将转换为热量 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	另外 , 体育公司可能在绿带购买一块土地 , 并且没有知识管理系统 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们所谓的 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它是基于拉丁、古罗马帝国的语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果是允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 而且在民主零售的名称为12.99美元 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们不想被摄影的名人 , 是那些秘密的关注的人 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于预防多频测试电流技术的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这创建一个字段 , 在设计坎瓦斯的匹配标签 , 自动绑定到节点的字段 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	注射虾的血清、肌肉和肝胰腺的活性仍然稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	但是 , 他是一名勇士 , 当他上升时 , 他的母亲很灰地设置 , 他的肩膀被挤了 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔吉姆派四个f16喷射和150名军事人员帮助利比亚无飞区 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色的黑鸟在足后被渗透 , 农民在他们的领域 , 准备另一个季节 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	尽管它周期试验 , 国家不能将这种活动转化为非炎症的整个人口 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	时尚世界的一个品牌是微妙的 , 它的服装和鞋源于巴塞罗那 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但几天后 , 经历一些类似的东西 , 当我独自触发一个记忆 , 使我失去安迪 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 关于文本的研究已成为一个广泛的奖励 , 因为我们希望它将成为其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	针对e2集中凸壳的必要条件及足够条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在电影中 , 他总是穿着假肌肉 , 衣服很差 , 经常用罐子走得很有趣 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国无私地撞击了坦克林的反叛 , 坐在一百万越南之后 , 世界二战结束了 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	结果 , 您得到了两个并行连接器 , 一个为每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 以及一个返回 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准化衣服变成像莱弗科维茨这样的男人 , 最后的比例可以出现错误 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	每年各样的路由变化 , 通过山、小镇和巴黎街道 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你曾经在景观设计和城市设计中实践过 , 15年 , 你在职业生涯中有什么破坏 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	来自雅拉山谷的雅拉山谷 , 美丽的柑橘 , 尼卡琳和新鲜的杏仁香味 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子站在他开口 , 荣誉一分钟 , 然后盖斯: " 你没收到电子邮件吗 ? "
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南三架飞机类似于凤凰飞机 , 将在飞行之前再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话诉讼是这样有效的基金工具 , 大多数大多数社会运动组织都使用一个或两个 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师长期知道 , 设计更小 , 轻型车辆是满足更强的燃料经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听众参议员25分 , 但他希望我们保持这样的伤疤 , 比如我们背后的路 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里安补充道: " 他们知道自己的脸 , 甚至在太阳里呆了 , 他的脸没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过详细的数学推导 , 清晰了水平化合物与pitch角度的相互关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明她和丈夫占据了独立的房间 , 在一个足够的事务状态下 , 她和丈夫就占据了独立的房间 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	防止非经营者或非维护人员应进入模具隔震器安全保护铁路 , 以避免分量 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 一些发展中国家的丙酯纤维在纺织工业中的应用已经相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本研究建立了烟草类型的芳香指数模型精度为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用异丙烷诱导高血糖模型 , 观察血糖对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 通过教育建模语言学习内容和功能结构对实践模型进行抽象 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	介绍了基于地质统计区域化变量和变量的基础 , 详细介绍了kriging插值技术 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤联系 , 克罗顿油会引起盲目的皮肤灌注 , 那么可以持续三个星期 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了双发电机并行运行系统的离散时间滑动模式控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	虽然更多的情况是由特定的报告系统报告 , 但问题集中于延迟报告案例 , 因此 , 需要完善...
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	海地的500多家救援机构正在运营 , 空中充满了飞机发电供应港价 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	聚合物光纤作为一种理想的传输介质 , 具有良好的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国与新世界相伴 , 实际上发现了一个很大的新土地 , 在半球南部地区 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	联盟合金是一种新型的飞机架构材料 , 它是其弹性的低模块 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 实现工具设置不提供 " 排放 " 规则和环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的第四年 , 大卫的统治中 , 发现了在吉利亚的杰拉德 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实践需求相比 , 双边业务合作享有巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验的原则允许吸收、集成和精神化经验的负部分 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干鱼 , 干燥 , 干燥 , 壳 , 海卷 , 壳状虾 , 干海蛇 , 糖等 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	结合预制燃烧的方法 , 讨论了燃烧对内蒙古内蒙古人口的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷酸盐肥料在这种国家使用时 , 产量增加 , 但农民和环境高成本的增加 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 用水浸泡颗粒法制备的淀粉含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	唯一 , 建立了桥梁纤维动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的断裂动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督徒离婚在上海发布了多媒体照片展览 , 展示了它的手袋的女人离婚线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , 约旦国王阿卜杜拉二世提出了一个策略 , 使约旦区域信息技术胡勃的策略 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定让自己更加聪明 , 因为一个人不喜欢这样的人 , 难以置信的问题 , 可以乐观 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是西米尔艺术思想中的重要类别 , 也是美学复兴的表现 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	正如你所爱的那样 , 确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦 , 并且不适合使用卢比工作相互原因 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会玩小门唱歌来赞赏春天的歌曲 , 这个人会给每个家庭带来一张牛仔的照片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 你不应该把我那么紧密 , 如果你做的话 , 我会很疯 ! 另外一个舞蹈和我的声誉将永远失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的西班牙 , 黄帝的继承人一直对最佳孔子的存在感到骄傲 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的殖民大小将适合一个寺庙或城市广场 , 是一个年轻的、粗鲁的男孩 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千个岛屿区景观指数的结果反映了植物群落的现状 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更多有机肥料不仅能提高土壤聚合结构和基本特征 , 而且对水土耦合的影响也很明显 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这种独特的是 , 很容易干净的公式叶子 , 柔软 , 易于管理新鲜、轻折磨 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	帕德里托试图画他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的亲戚 , 他觉得自己在外面站着 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文提出了一种基于涡轮机的三维逆向设计方法 , 根据流量参数和泵革命的方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	它现在包含了一个高端布局 , 可能是beane先生对这些古代经销商的笑话 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新火车开始运行时 , 只有一半小时 , 只要吃午饭 , 还有一半小时 。
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	苏尔化学是建立创新和我们成功的关键 , 继续发展新的思想和概念 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , 在任何时候 , mscs在文化层面上表达了bdnf的正常假设片 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	所有的折磨都是沙拉、塔格拉、蓝莲和雅斯明的折磨 , 美德的折磨是最甜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家国外投资公司 , 属于澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernateshards文档 , 该属性非常昂贵 , 应该在生产环境中转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	罗马的上升令人震惊的回忆群体 , 变得十分急剧 , 以及民事派遣的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:探讨钛铸件表面反应层的组成、微硬度变化及其微硬度 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	计量工具性能和兼容性 , 超越了我们的超离英国桌面工具的体积 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:总结了3501指标中 , 35个有关包含标准 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多个尺寸或替代面部设计可以提供额外选择获得良好的配件和密封 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本 , 城市员工中发现的数字是不包含工作的人 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wwmbourne没有在现代英国 , 但在英国南部海岸有一个小镇 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同样 , 刺激经济 , 政府应该回低利贷款 。 这是房子、汽车、大市场项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	重新启用geronimo将纠正错误 , 但是当数据库访问时 , 然后再生出异常 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	katebeckinsale , 扮演护士 , 声明说: " 在多利特尔的袭击之前 , 美国人知道没有什么可击败 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	通过对cobweb算法进行分析 , 提出了一种将背景知识结合到类别实用程序中 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了根系的根长、根系、茎高、茎基直径、上下地下生物量 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信相信 , 大多数信徒在星期六发布在互联网上 , 呼吁他的亲戚释放 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟药物如zyban , 可用的吸烟药 , 帮助许多人没有获得体重 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	鉴定24个犹太国家的10个发病组总有12个可证实的研究 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发以确定土地供应大小 , 以提高土地利用规律 , 以阻止土地卫生行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后采用燃烧热的方法 , 分别采用不同晶体hfrl不同晶体改性的稳定性 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生建设学生的医生顾问团队是医生培养质量的关键 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文提出了一种多输入多输入多输入细胞系统的功率平衡方法 , 并分析了ber性能 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术提供了一种低级消息结构 , 它保持集群同步中的所有节点 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常是由感染者的saliva咳嗽或喷嚏的小滴中传播的 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列表了许多要求和选择的晶格算法 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金顺警告明章不要破郑中 , 还是他将明章真正的身份分解 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他似乎很明显地寻找她的意识的所有倾向点 , 以便在她最危险的伤口上冲突 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动建模技术是研究交通流动态问题的一种简单有效的方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以应用中国驱动许可证 , 使用他们的各个国家司机许可证 , 同样是下面的信息 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非塑料的加工包括加工oat、buck小麦和巴利制备bleymalt 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化工业有限公司是一个成功的例子 , 政府和商人合作在特殊有限公司 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波浪诱导海洋液是黄河三角洲潜艇生理学形成的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	本文介绍了脉冲一致性控制系统神经元自适应pd控制器的算法和学习规律 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	十一世纪的调查员教导他们的学生如何把特定情感或消息传递给学生 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	房间温度测量的导电性必须正确 , 如果它们在深度上使用的岩石 , 那么大约1000毫米 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	采用陶瓷化合铜管 , 具有良好的服务效果 , 降低管坯生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他跑 , 没有人笑... " 燕敏时刻转变了面对形式的脸声明 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	第一四至五叶之后 , 一些强壮的种子在第二次采取耳朵后 , 出生于耳朵的出生 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	本文提出了一种新型电力线圈的开发 , 即在线监测系统在高电压线上供电系统的问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	路湖区金融中心的零售空间将短期发布 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	十五年12月15日 , 我与国会达成了一份omnibus预算协议 , 最后一个八年的立法胜利 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它有关于松散耦合架构的好处 , 比如代码重用性 , 同时也限制了测试工作 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在她右手的网球球赛一样 , 钴60的衰退有一个内在的手柄 , 被镜子转换 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如以前的季节似乎没有真正的联系在中场和袭击之间 , 而新季节的需求是闪烁的 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约书亚对上帝的帮助 , 他知道以色列人必须在他们新家园的幸福之前打多次战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在由卡罗琳·埃弗伦领导 , 他取代了全球销售迈克·穆菲 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后给出了该模型的一个例子 , 并分析了一定的速率断裂价格的影响因素 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	恒星和行星形成的尘埃云和气体 , 可见光不能渗透 , 但红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但正如桑德曼先生那样 , 印象文档过程只有控制的表现 , 因此只有减轻风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生活经常被视为一个公平的 , 她的传奇婚姻 , 为巴塞尔伟大的乔·迪马吉奥是这个观点的哈马克 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调用数学图书馆和混合编程 , 得到了深降6800的数值结果是满意的 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前 , 艾滋病 " 四自由一 " 政策在天津完全实施国家援助的低价状态 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 , 不要干净 , 抱怨 , 它给人们关于生命的负面印象 , 让人们认为你是 " 临时 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	让你总是想做的事情列表 , 但是你不能提高你的孩子 , 也许它是写字或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的阿尔沃尔俱乐部预计在接下来2年签署迪戈·马拉多纳作为教练 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题正在困扰 , 因为两个测试采取者可以结束不同的分数或两个人 , 不同的知识水平可以结束同样的分数 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	虽然大多数人在我们听到一个巨大的暴风雨时 , 但一位敢于的摄影师在他能接近工作 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将于8月31日完成这个客人邮件 , 我知道这是因为我不会丢掉1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 这场比赛失去了流行性 , 大多是因为化学成长而被皇帝奥多斯所废除 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	龙形象的分析可以使人们感兴趣 , 因为龙是一个与传统中国文化密切关系的图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是老战役 ; 善恶 , 勇敢 , 谦卑 , 帅 , 帅 , 没有那么帅 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适合电子传输器的位置 , 被平衡和卡里昂盾牌所覆盖的地区 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	太阳光亮 , 所以卡伦和老太太太太太太在玉米穿过脚路 , 然而它是相当责任的 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料和磨损 , 还需要把时间花到我的家里 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施不存在的地方 , 战争政治病毒的成本 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他在两分钟间歇中听到了摩特壳的尸体 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次在电影中看到阿尔帕奇诺 , 我第一次在我的生活中 , 我认为我想像另一个人 , " 他回忆道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由太平洋盆地和中诺盆地组成的一个巨大的超叠盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有许多生物功能 , 尤其是对病理条件下的组织细胞的保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	聊天线上 , 学生可以表达自己的感觉和意见更自由 , 甚至帮助外语研究 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使没有来到战争 , 台湾人仍然是更好的中美关系的障碍 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从来没有在办公室设置中工作 , 我不确定如何学习礼仪 , 如何恰当地讲话 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	其次 , 通过数学模型建立wrh的学术可行性 , 利用比较分析方法 , 证明wrh的学术可行性 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主持人逃避 , 学校后代理也特别关注培训 " spy " 和 " 视频tape类似代理 " 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过mcgs形成的一个远程监测网络 , 以监测卫星传输器的工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加利亚先生 , 他想看到银行家 , 他考虑负责国家税收和采购的问题 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32他没有自己的儿子 , 可是给他一切都不会 , 和他一起 , 给我们一切事吗 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	在实际情况下 , 西岸已经从东耶路撒冷分离 , 这仍然是巴勒斯坦最受欢迎的巴勒斯坦城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	然后抓住第二个软件raid文章 , 我们将采取更先进的软件突出功能和raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天的声音会在他的头上听起来 , 他的脑子的声音会响应答 , 同时他在无尽的任务上劳动 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前石油勘探从结构水库到岩性和岩性水库中趋势 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	举例来说 , 肾上皮肤的皮肤持续被称为肾皮肤 , 剩余的皮肤可能由模拟产生 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	除了本品种外 , 本品种并没有成功 , 但它在路透谷和加利福尼亚州培养 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫拿了菲律师的头 , 把它带到耶路撒冷 , 他把菲律师的武器放在自己帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	该算法满足了新字符数控加工技术的需要 , 使工具路由字符骨架生成 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售没有中心的话 , 那么信任者在自己身上构成了缺陷 , 那么它是绑定的 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	虽然同步发送数据 , 但协议在网络传输过程中提供依赖消息 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件良好时 , 土壤水含量较低 , 开发过程延长 , 生存率降低 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	血管生理状态是体外零应力状态的载体生理压力状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	轻柔的葡萄酒 , 优雅混合了香味 , 笑着面包的笑着 , 人群在手上忙着 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	对于国家补贴的程度来说 , 国有补贴和私有化增加 , 更多的工作往会导致那些没有付款的人 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 金小忽然问a , 钱是冷的 , 但要求几张照片的想法 。
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	明确的确确确确地确定他最好的看 , 好转身哺乳动物花了长时间的时间 , 仔细检查他剩下的四个脏物 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画是由自我表达中发现的各种方法的绘画品种和性能的印象所印象的 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发布了网上信息和叶片 , 旨在说服怀孕妇有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	法律义务是否符合foaf信息的集合者在他们运行的法律保护法中 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里散布了毯子 , 吃我们的晚餐 , 很快就开始了黑暗 , 风也变硬了 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数岩石坡稳定性分析 , 用常规冲击的平面表面处理了单向滑坡 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	牛津教育教育馆在古佛教仪式中被扫过 , 在一座宫殿里 , 忽视了刺激山谷 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个程序还介绍了偶尔突变和随机性 , 这些程序之一可能产生事故genius 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌面条:把它放在锅水中 , 直到硬核被污染 , 然后用肉块或蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	目的是文件的最后访问时间 , 每次访问文件 , 底层文件系统必须记录这个时间stamp 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	与此同时 , 高温区逐渐降低 , 直到火灾灭火 , 随着水雾的变化 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这类不授权的计算机侵入明显反对法律 , 但对大鼠的战争是挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股票的比例越高 , 融资界越少 , 现金流动对投资的影响越小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们承认北约和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战的联合审查 。 "
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	加入水解乳蛋白后 , 粘性种子减少 , 但污染率总是非常高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解产生了肉类的味道 , 使这些快速烹饪汤、肉类等激励 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	建议菜包括黑卡风格酿造beancurd , 蒸煮鸡蛋 , 虾和虾饺 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	通过激光诱导血浆反射微波的频率下移和转移 , 检测了激光诱导的血浆 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	rubish收藏者随后面采取废弃的瓶子 , 绑定今天做一个巨大的财富 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受我诚挚的祝贺 , 我希望能更好地报告成功和快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 大约150名警察在昨晚在中南海领导化合物公路上发布 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影中的一个可记忆的场景 , 叫gorillas , 基于真正的故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备广泛用于食品加工厂、食品仓库等 , 单位潮流到密斯坦 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	成立于1540年 , 卡佩奇经常被buccaneers所吸引 。 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	技术的实施和应用已经积累了我国其他地区建设油气存储的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来 , 对江苏大学教学评价机制的特点进行了分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这条狗的另一个名字是中国的猪 , 荷兰大牛 , 荷兰大牛 , 米尼马斯蒂夫和其原始国家 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种基于基于无形ribon制备的单核和双重磁场传感器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是可怕的 , 而且很难找到现在的工作 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了ltg交叉空调控制方法及其控制方法 , 提出了一些改进现有问题的意见 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是高中生的 , 通过研究实践者心理问题的研究开始 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨脾的 " 功能 " 与胃肠肠细胞的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者有机购买食品 , 因为他们相信产品是健康、味道更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	在此基础上 , 采用实验方法研究了fpsso对极极波中滑动载荷的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德瓦尔说 , 世界范围的数据损失现在代表了美国每年的40亿美元损失 , 影响了企业和个人 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	轻柔的葡萄酒 , 优雅混合了香味 , 笑着面包的笑着 , 挤挤在手上 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	不同协会人口结构不同 , 反映了社区成功的过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	正如在日志中出现的 , getname方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用服务器生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含从一个程序发送到另一个程序中 , 其内容和结构被使用的应用程序定义 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东区和nka控制pw%非常好 , 在一年内保持它 , 同时也达到或超过100%的ytdgs目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要心灵和身体如果心灵能进入细胞内 , 才能透过细胞内的膜 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	通过对比sat和cft的应用 , 测定了710例牛羊的乳腺样本 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	介绍了东方绘画中的墨水冲击作用 , 以及利用空间描述的行为 , 提高了新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能会指着你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子是不错的 。 " 如果你相信他们 , 看看 , 你是四月的愚蠢 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她抱怨或不可避免地安置在三角关系的索引下 , 并未能看到她在过程中引起的痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷酸对磷酸复合物的主要活性是促进细胞吸收 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用和理论的主题 , 需要高科技和大量的经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和愤怒很小 , 但有世界之外 , 特别是 , 我希望我能不能自我不足 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年 , 弱的经济承诺的官员紧张说 , 有些家庭可能不能为大学付费 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	警察打开了他们的巡逻车的车辆 , 然后把看起来像一个玩具模型飞机和一个视频摄像机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	她用 " 幽默 " 作为一种吸烟屏 , 作为一种吸烟屏 " , 萨洛蒙女士说 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	这个错误听说 , 他愤怒地冲出来 , 仆人 , " 谁给我承诺 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 艾莉琳达和安娜承诺 , 如果必要 , 把我带到巴伦 , 我不能错过这个 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性感很不同 , 就像你似乎说的那样 , 那么所有的事情都有什么必要 ? " 年轻人问 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我清楚她是如何笑容的 , 英语拼写的道路 , 但对于我们考试的悲剧抱怨而言 , 我们正在考试它 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你的女儿正在阅读或观看 , 并与她讨论它 。 鼓励她谈论和问她所看到的事情 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	随着文档的工作 , 作为每个国家文件规定和上海规定 , 分类、排名和识别文档 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	经常有冲动 , 偶尔是越来越多的 , 丹尼必须在长途中学习病人 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	飞行员坐在飞机座位上 , 很快他们在空中 , 尽管飞机在飞机上飞行 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期以来 , 中国重视小叶茶 , 忽视了大叶子 , 茶产量和出口日益降低 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	在漫长的夜里 , 很像他们有一个甜蜜的梦想 , 即使安静的睡眠时刻 , 但不能做 , 即使是不能做的 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	印度urdu新闻机构编辑sheikmanzohed说: " 这都导致了许多苦境 。 "
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生物化学、生物学、药物学或相关科学相关经验最少5年 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法是一种小损伤 , 血液 , 是甲状腺切除术中最安全的方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也可以在世界范围内留下 , 这是国际通讯网络的媒体组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于双端信息和单端信息的传输线非传输保护的实现 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他生活得很简单 , 脆弱的生活 , 他不喜欢钱和幸运 。 他总是因为他的工作而失去了饭时间 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 圣弗朗西斯科州长董事会通过当地法禁止在儿童产品中使用化学品 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗尹是晚唐不允许忽视作家 , 其诗歌明显的地区是宋过渡追踪的 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西星期一提醒了我们的根 , 苏格尔西的创始人支付了我们的访问 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但看 , 这只是正确的错误 , 整个系统的护士把这位医生放在我们身上 , 因为他们不能处理他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的评价二磷酸盐对营区b试验领域的耐药控制效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年第一次 , 风吹起来越大的风 , 听到了蒙蒙古的小溪 , 干燥的树叶落下 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	哈格希斯承诺继续建立 " 羞辱的连接 " , 这带来了那些想生活在和平和自由的人 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	中国当时 , 国民革命正在战争中 , 中国的帝国主义行动不再完美 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我睡了14小时 , 我觉得我非常累了 , 晚餐时间很累 , 我必须去 ! 我非常饿了 。
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	美国领导人和总统阿司匹特 , 克莱的政治直觉使他赢得了 " 伟大的编辑 " 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	维奇:我知道你想做什么 , 你是个愚蠢的女孩 。 然而 , 我亲爱的 , 我可以帮助你们的梦想来真实 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 在ldoce3中 , 最常见的单词的处理是明显不平衡的 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我从流动中采取7列车时 , 我总是试图解释中国人物在我身边阅读的报纸上阅读的中国字符 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然最糟糕的价格出现过去 , 但在2010年内 , 全国范围内 , 国内价值预计将显示出小的收益 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果词汇证明有效 , 美国表达可以在设计的 " buzz " 的病毒营销活动中进行 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	迪戈·马拉登今天说 , 林纳尔梅西 " 与耶稣玩 " , 但不要做错误的选择 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您想改变sammba服务器的名称 , 那么使用netbios名称 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新的ipodnano , 开始149美元 , 另外还有一个fm接收器和pedometer 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	但是瑞典的报纸已经建议 , 鸟在路上被传递的耶和华运行的时候 , 就在路上 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何生理差异 , 研究人员从每个组中提高某些个人 , 以研究脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语是第一本在第五世纪使用的英语语语言 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共同的义务 , 以确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案件和交付时间规则 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	游客的中心和博物馆提供了关于古代人民文化史和今天印度人民文化史的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈到半民族的一般 , 它的无力参议员们在巨大的管理地产上留下了巨大的无力参议员 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	在cpb中心静脉和周围动脉中枢静脉和周围动脉均有显著升高 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	对于我来说 , 我来说是一个非常特别的乐趣 , 公开表达我对格莱格·佩尔曼的深刻承诺和欣赏 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有帮助的步骤包括帮助别人 , 使用幽默 , 学习是插入性 , 实践问题解决和时间管理 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项法案错过标记 , 因为它不可避免导致企业和消费者的能源成本更高 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	查看<wascehome>/var/dictory/server.xml用于目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	下次尝试它 , 你需要驱动你的车 , 把左鼻盖在拇指上 , 然后用右鼻呼吸 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	事故教他们两个教训 , 他们说 , 不管船是如何安全 , 最多的人类误差可能会引起它 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	据报道 , 月前 , 第二季度增长比重新修正预测更慢 , 只有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需要在未来和公司中出现网络 , 应当扮演客户价值的代理和集成者 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据中世传说 , 耶稣在最后一个供应商使用的杯或板 , 后来成为许多对象 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我给他们送出了一个长期的购物列表 , 把时间设置在我手机上去10分钟 , 拖拉彩楼上 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 离年 , 希望家人在今年 , 我们可以健康生活的幸福更好 , 不对 , 都不对 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾莉夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以在短暂的时刻 , 使它消失 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实施中独特的字符之一是俄罗斯生态社会群体起着重要作用 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、可靠性和空间理论 , 统计分析了sps15.0和03的数据 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	一份报告称她怀孕了2000万美元的美国超市标签 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	直到他确保他的男人准备好了 , 麦克莱恩的计划是把他的军队放在波特马克河上 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	对于电力分布 , 给出了一个特定的a/d转换器 , 实现了电力、区域和性能良好的贸易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 案例教学可以被渗入理论教学 , 并结合音乐类教学实践 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更加热量的原因 , 在两个金中有线性的原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些瑞典人被认为是安全的 , 因此 , 在怀孕期间 , 你的健康保健供应商谈论了多少非营养性的瑞典人 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:通过严格的非肿瘤技术合作 , 可以防止血原肿瘤细胞扩散和局部种子 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种双维伺服四色图形识别的方案 , 并给出了其边界处理技术 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hm的同时解码和更新参数的联合源码解码方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个激活器 , 并对co2去除过程中使用的uop活动器行为1进行替代评价 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	迄今为止 " 巴迪拉 " 种植在夏天被关注 , 有效干旱和产量的数量并不明显相关于播种规范 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像 " 三国 " 浪漫在刘北 , 原来销售草原沙漠 , 但后来组织上述后果 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	chban电子有限公司是以色列买家 , 需要购买产品类别包括:电信等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	我们对传统方法学缺乏客户重点 , 为了对产品所有者/经理提出优先化控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当两块都被完成时 , 阿拉克看到 , 惊讶的时候 , 她已经被打败了 , 因为上帝的设计无限优越 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	由于海洋、湖泊和河流都有不同的粘土含量 , 导致不同的粘土强度 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部要求建立并提高妇女艾滋病防治和控制系统阻滞 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业:全国森林控制协会的成员和中国鼠标和卫生虫害预防和控制协会 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 庄园 " 和 " 南京玉 " 是克里桑种子中潜在的父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售商只卖了学生一双鞋子 , 这些鞋子也许有一个真正的笑容 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成果列为以下:1 ) 自我nof脉冲宽调制为老灰色控制 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	为建设完成技术文档提供了补充、补充、修改和必要删除 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	民主党议员阿基萨·纳加希马说: " 唯一有一个能力统一党的党是奥萨瓦 。 "
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是30小时的数据 , 需要搜索脊柱参数和天空位置的搜索 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	没有预测到一系列温室效应可能带来关注 , 但所谓的好处很少 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	二十世纪的系统功能语言学和心理学作为两大影响语言学理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	上海中国国际商学院举办的一次会议上 , 兰尼斯星期六在上海举办的奢侈品会议上发表讲话 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道 , 虚拟从他身上走出来 , 把他转到新闻里 , 说 , 谁触摸我的衣服 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴特拉·梅哈斯现在正在美国人上采取 , " 阿塔·马索德说 , 退休巴基斯坦一般的分析师 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	营养成分的一个原则之一不能使ngpang食品、runes、rais以及其他值得这项任务的原则 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里奇说: " 我们只需要强调饮料和驱动的人才能真正引起家庭的许多心脏病 , 我们需要停止这种疾病 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马对记者说 , 奥巴马先生将新能源推迟到外交和其他非电影方面的全球力量 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的激励是关注战略油储备的作用 , 提高勘探输入和多元化油藏的影响 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它是由额外侵袭、转移到宫颈淋巴节点或远端器官和组织病学异常 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	佛斯尼亚是理解巴勒多样性变化的关键时间间隔 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了老师互动的概念及教师与学生互动的基本特点 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别事件常见于癌症、过敏、病毒感染、炎症和自身免疫疾病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	1990年 , 欧洲lst国际社会会议报告 , 城市生态学和cerrogoordo镇论坛 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我开始在这次旅行的领导人遇到早餐 , 我们和所有的陪伴一起照片 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是0和100之间的值 , 其中100指数显示一个轻载服务器 , 而0是一个重载的服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	通过直接计算各代非稳定性值的计算 , 比较了复制对cv的影响 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 混凝土布局优于单一结构 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	混沌和骨折的自然紧密连接是由于混沌动力系统奇异吸引器的无限相似性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	此外 , 依然需要更长的跟踪 , 以评价适应化疗是否可以采取术后放疗的地方 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	城堡和冠金...伍德和赫密斯冲刷 , 一种 " 鸟类 " 的类型 , 比 " 水平约束 " 的任何程序更多 " 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司具有进口贸易权 , 可为国内外和相应产品用户提供全面的解决方案 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	中央政府的传播部门在执行官元法律下制定了相同的问题 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将被举行 , 称为yuletide , 一个特殊的节日将在火灾燃烧的周围 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文是第一系列将采取更新的视图2.0 , 以及如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人球迷的欢迎 , 他的两次冠军在周末结束了三场损失 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	至少根据语言应用babel调查的大多数美国人和英国人在新调查中调查 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会试图转换这个前提并使用xenophobia或海军论点来说每个国家都应该举行同一标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果建立了8 , 000个自动测试案例生成600个失败 , 你真正能处理这个 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作者几乎不能说明当局的大股份 , 但他们会有良好的任务 , 不会与其他男人作品干扰 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远 , 社会平等的声音发生在社会现实中 , 系统可以在平等性上提高 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	丁格还指出 , 中国已经为其亨利科纳克最大的市场 , 而且大陆的香槟市场每年都在增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	最好的美国滑雪者为摄像机拍摄 , 大多数年轻人笑着 , 他们的眼睛和激动 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	当大公司规定屋顶和国际竞争时 , 国际竞争被突变时 , 它变得更为明显和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	奇怪的是 , 因为世界银行和新闻组织并没有通过尘埃经济预测来阻止垃圾 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	如与分部有许多用户启动的事件 , 比如当用户单击或双击标签显示空间内的时候 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于中国的廉价商品对主要零售商来说更有利 , 他们倾向于超过这些低价格的推广项目 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	因此 , 进入官方的立场和立场 , 因此 , 联合审核和票单独控制了pel事件 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染药物在感染者的存储中被传送给不受感染的人 , 通过污染的食物或水被口感染 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	杰尔:我们还没有详细查看任何其他平台 , 但是我们确保有更多平台、应用程序和站点可同样的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度改革的缓慢性和证券市场的稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	它是新文明观点 , 核心正在寻求共同的地面 , 储备差异 , 和平共存 , 代码开发 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学具有交换功能的特点 , 在艺术结构的选择或形成中 , 都有交流的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文提出了一种基于检查列表和流图的风险识别特征因素建模技术 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	连接板位置的乘客应通过无锈钢、无锈钢、pin头弹性螺栓倾斜器使用 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计教学中 , 给出了线性回归的参数估计方法 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物收入太多的无辜死亡 , 被仇恨所遮蔽 , 他们不会想到后果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	魏晋时期 , 中外佛教活动有限于点和线 , 缺乏大规模传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水的表是健康的 , 它来自于第一个地球和下一个地球 ; 空气的表面是不健康的 , 它来自缝纫 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波器提供了基于服务器的服务 , 这样 , 其他用户可以从您的电子邮件中获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿音乐 , 因为我喜欢跑步 , 但我很难信心 , 因为我只有5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除了葡萄牙 , 外 , 网络并不受欢迎的猎物地 , 大约有一半被调查的男人和女人选择在线找到人们 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了翻译句子在空间领域的特点、位置和属性 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	成熟和抛光 , 用拉莓和巧克力香味完成 , 用pl和spring完成 , 毫无努力 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能会感到沮丧 , 似乎慢慢的进步 , 记得上帝从来没有在匆忙 , 但他总是在时间里 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 尤其是那些希望我们和他们一起回来的人 , 我们需要 " 公民 " 项目 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	伯卢斯科尼自信齐亚丑闻以来 , 同时也在与他参加的各方召唤的corts进行调查 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅有苏菲见证了全吹的仪式 , 可是她自己的祖父一直是著名的...这位祖父的祖父是国际大师 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	虽然霍尔策略很聪明 , 约翰逊愿意把它当作旧版本新版本 , 但有两个问题与霍尔夫法相结合 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	不要从互联网游戏中提到切割 , 甚至我最艰苦的朋友 , 他们正在抱怨 , 试图登录他们的msn 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	提出了燃烧正常处理方法 , 采用闪焊、气压焊接和铝焊接 , 提出了燃烧正常处理 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚前 , 另一个人从他那里抓住爵士 , 说: " 谁看到了一只猫 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	理论、理论、重组、制备等领域最佳 , 在规划、规划、理论、重组和制备中起着重要作用 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们终于在无尽的开支周期 , 还有更多的工作 , 终止生活充满了货物 , 但意义和幸福的空间 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , websphere每个替代访问提供了一个解决方案 , 通过访问离线portlets 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语动词 , 可以引入报告条款和它们的分类由逻辑和语义标准制成 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白博士看了8 , 000人跳回1970年代的记录 , 他们都在五岁和十岁的时候测量了他们的iq 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何希望的成功 , olpc识别它需要从目标模型中获得 , 特征xo机器的制造 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	您必须在编辑视图之前绑定一个视图 , 双击视图控制来选择现有视图或创建一个新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术已广泛应用于长距离通信 , 但它的高系统成本大限制了其应用于metro区域网络 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在基于内存的对象缓存中实现这个解决方案 , 并通过在整个集群中共享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在一个线路拓扑中 , 一个段是一个连续电路 , 通常与重复器连接的其他部分 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	玛丽夫阴谋的一位高级妹之一 , 在他带来试验之前 , 她已经展示了她的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	奥巴马是2008年总统候选人 , 他承诺 " 采取 " 芝拿到马 " 交易和货币问题 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着渗透频率的增加 , 光谱区域的数量和不同分散政权的变化有不同的差异 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你拿起你的仪器或打开你的嘴巴 , 都是建立好习惯和沟通的好习惯 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标直接操作是生物学的基本特征 , 也是识别实体是否活跃 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是 , 他们在奥运之前回到哪里 , " 维耶尔斯特克说 , " 否则这对商业计划有影响 。 "
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安质量和技术监督局为了进一步促进食品 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国议会全球运动 , 提高气候变化和面临世界城市的能源挑战 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	谷歌的技术要求从商业中小量的资产思维 , 但看起来很简单 , 安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架在短方向中应用的边载荷 , 同时 , 横向折叠稳定建筑 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	东方的历史展览区主要是对我国铁路的光明进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这样的信息对您的健康有重要意义 , 请立即使用这种烹饪方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	然而在工业化管理过程中 , 种子生长产业有一定的问题需要迅速解决 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了气缸头的性能、阀座和阀座在内燃引擎中影响气缸头的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被通知 , lt键是故障 , 如果压缩了计算机 , 所有的实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	性能损失主要由cutof插件引起 , 圆方推力室和插件开放基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	对于美国而言 , 美国对民主的 " 出口民主 " 战略造成了巨大的努力 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周 , 美国的天主希望只有上次宣布他们最终会对死刑严重 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	莉莉安·拉弗尔:导演电影是一个非常严肃的工作 , 我们都知道它 , 你只是说的 , 还是没有什么 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本论文的目的是研究几种复杂变量的形态函数和形态映射的独特问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	静脉动态稳定性超声心律水平可保守观察和隔离digoxin的观察 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	khakite袋和金属悬浮袋对你呼吁 , 因为你希望你的配件成为电子 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	您必须添加websphereapplicationserver社区版本的插件吗 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种无机盐的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的通过调查肾脏、加强脾脏和生殖血液的方法 , 探讨贫血的疗效 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了一种基于普通微分方程的多体系统动态设计灵敏度分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	在多线程技术中实现一个孔扫描器 , 其扫描速度非常快 , 孔容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的性质强调了观众的位置 , 只揭示自己作为一个同时对象 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	根据等价理论的观点 , 翻译品牌名应该实现完美的语言u 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流是稳定的 , 如果没有修改到一个文件或管道 , 那么选择的页面将会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探讨环境偏差、纵向和中壁缺陷的概念配置 , 也为厚度验证和辅助监测 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有opel , gm承诺建立一个小型的汽车 , 在北美 , 更多的燃料足够的汽车会缺乏信服 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	应用于zibo市废水处理厂 , 处理市废水 , 其中80%以上是工业废水 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	与红肉菜、蓝鱼和硬奶酪相同 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	本综合资源包括国际贡献者的国际资源 , 在领域领先的学术和实践者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他喝着深深的蒸汽 , 学会把自己的精神带到房子下面的水汽里 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来 , 国家核政策的评论是第一个自2001年以来冷战结束以来的第三个方面 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	这个活动中涉及的个人不仅是科学上不均匀的 , 而且在科学上表现出绝对没有兴趣 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自开发的光油改造催化剂在氢生产中具有良好的作用 , 并在家里取代了进口工具 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人都在这里加入我 , 希望你们两个 , 塞俄尔和基玉 , 最好的生活必须在你的婚姻中提供你 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在多个客户机上 , 并且能够在各种场景中模拟数千个虚拟用户 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	振动液化床广泛应用于化学工业、冶金和食品工业 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们早期认识到这个趋势 , 我们可以重新分配我们的资源来加强我们的关键路径活动 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在一定的意识状态下 , 和平的思想 , 一个强烈的 , 以及信仰和精神的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的分析临床特点 , 评价glos医学神经障碍的诊断标准及手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数病例在明显的区域组装分布中 , 北部城镇占总病例的78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	家庭们庆祝他们的业务、农业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续的产品升级 , 实现多纤维混合理念 , 棉纺企业生长纤维创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体来说 , 53%的法国人相信sarkozy先生使 " 好总统 " , 而5月份的41% 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源库表示 , 每年将提供3000万吨的煤 , 每年大约3亿美元 , 从2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和提示部分对如何改变你的行为、学习新的技能和改变个性特点提出了很大的建议 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	根据您传递到cin的数据结构的数据结构重建数据处理 , 这个函数不会设置阵列维字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	amazonweb服务 , 租赁计算能力在其巨大的数据中心 , 为客户赢得了一个值得廉价的声誉 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	程序版本显然提供了比自由版本和冻结版本更多的功能 , 是limewire的自由版本 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kdcup9数据集 , 评价了该方法的最佳性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯汀是爱耶稣的那些残酷的青少年之一 , 为他生活在他身上 , 突然死亡给我们留下了数百万个问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	这足够让我们感觉很好 , 在外包工作和耐磨之后 , 婚姻机构现在正在外包 , 即使我们的爱生活日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	去年 , 金融时报收购了金融时报 , 网络经理 , 负责订阅费 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	您可能早些时候开始醒来 , 或者计划一个新的博物馆展览 , 您希望接收 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	明亮qcrane女士 , 你真的想结婚詹妮弗 ? 克莱恩人回答珍妮弗将是我们的泰国江集团的圣经 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	比shwe预计与胡锦涛总统、温家宝等高级官员在五天访问期间遇到胡锦涛 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	ym:当我年轻时 , 我看到了很多哈克姆奥拉布朗玩耍 , 查尔斯·巴克利 , 当然迈克尔·约旦 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是一种基于恐惧的思想形式的叶子 , 并将基于统一的思想形式与光的语言结合起来 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美食用水果和蔬菜作物通常不能达到超市 , 因为它们的尺寸或物理外观 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	该项目将利用电力购买技术 , 由模块、海洋购买组成 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课的合作学习理论可以改变传统教师中心教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 1980年 , 这个邮票发布在1980年 , 特别幸运的 " 格兰蒙基 " 年仅发生了60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是二维 , 那么您经常想 " 包 " 内容 , 每个嵌入列表中的内容 , 就像迭代一样 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证脸部的安全和快速的支持 , 而且大大减少脸部的消除成本 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 经验丰富的外科医生专业化 , 完成高容量医院 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 市场商和消费者的营销工作都是意识到发生的事情和最终结果都满意 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从网络早期使用时代 , 网络的使用是网络空间是新边界 , 主体没有法律 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但这次表现并没有满足两个圣女 , 马达梅·柯丁 , 马奎斯德·波克斯 , 和委员会德查特维乌克斯 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是一个成员 , 制定了许多基本法律、行政法律和当地法律等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 完全披露:我不会称为基于位置的社会网络服务的重用户 。 我没有市长 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovafb2的涂料抗原和fb2的竞争抗原 , 研制了一种冰激素b2 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以学习你的第一句话 , " 莱克尔 " [le'ka] , 意味着 " 好/好 " 的东西从食品到女孩的任何东西 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他是欧洲迁徙的最好的 , 因为他获得了签证d'or和护理奖项 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有良好的水质特点 , 具有良好的处理效率、成本低等特点 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌的四个患者在18fdg合并图像上有负面的发现 , 但显示阳性血清标记 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软触摸织物和强大的压缩符合音乐设计和思想细节 , 每天都要戴 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	然后 , 你需要跟着相当正式的服装代码 , 没有训练者 , 没有牛仔裤和温柔 , 穿一套夹克和绑架 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助您的工作预期 , 因为您可以获得一个副工作 , 如果您需要一个或开发更多的业务 , 更好的费用 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	加入中国男教育家和书籍有着强烈的争论:中国男孩在一个初步的女性环境中发展 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法应用于多个简单的模型分子 , 以及苯胺和hiv1蛋白酶之间的锁定 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	五名经理还说 , 晚上仍然醒来 , 意味着他们更有可能使错误 , 莫里的1 , 006人透露 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么今天早上 , 医生告诉我 , 你的机会很快就能看到他所说的机会是十个 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每个调用都得到自己的激活记录 , 因此每次称为变量在激活记录内得到自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	6月13日 , 捐赠者承诺超过4亿美元支持加维的工作 , 超过任何人最野生梦想 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人grywynerchk用他的知识来创造成功的葡萄酒图书馆电视 , 日常视频博客展示酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周一个名叫加里的男人 , 卡尔维先生的奶酪家 , 进来 , 把它转化为内部的水分 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是 , 我们需要空间火箭使用科幻系列星轮来帮助我们达到可持续的行星轨道 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	奥多萨斯帕迪米卢说: " 如果你有坏信用卡比以前更难 。 "
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与睾丸酮受体深处 , 我喜欢与多巴胺一起洪水我的原始脂肪脑 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	接下来 , 您将pojo和pojo滑在注释中转换成ejb , 您可以给openejb团队带来一些感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因 , 一些常见的动机包括环境、动物权利和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国煤矿一年一定会杀死2 , 003万名工人 , 煤烟在那里 , 还有其他地方杀死了多少 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	大多数关于内存的研究都集中在于你期望的情况下 , 记住事物的侧面多少 , 如何精确等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如路透社小说一样 , 我们也许试图把我们的注意转移到某人新闻和尝试再次对浪漫爱情的刺激 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 将alias设置为 " l " 扩展到一个目录或文件列表中 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	杜格尔说: " 最大的挑战是在单个umella下得到这种不规则的和不组织的系统 。 "
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机后的排放已经受到很多关注 , 柴油发动机的排放标准增加 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在高磁化的脂肪坏死视图中 , 一些脂肪脂肪组织细胞之间被看到 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤降解的主要类型较差 , 营养量较差 , 微生物差 , 结构坏 , 基础和重干旱 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术中56例椎间盘及椎间盘超过的临床观察进行分析 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	周六 , 美国国务卿希拉里·克林顿称北方的宣言和声明 " 深度悔恨 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店支付债务卡 , 你就可以拿到额外的账户的额外收费 。 这通常叫做 " 现金回报 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	皮吉隆斯在kathmandu附近的寺庙附近的祈祷者走回家 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	然后 , 塞多夫进入了马丁斯的一本晚期挑战 , 虽然罗斯尼里继续看起来更危险的侧向前进 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中的配件线是一个3rd度多项式 , 但是任何类似的顺利都会告诉你 , 有大量的上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	例如 , 如果一个公司希望放在下跌利率上 , 它就可以简单地拥有其市场制造单元建立其债券库存 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大型战略 " 角度讨论成为模州港的价值 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	您承认 , 同意 , 你可以享受成员支付年费和相关设施费用的年费用 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据工业分析师马什尔·科恩说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋实际上是购买篮球 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国东anglia大学气候政策专家迈克·赫姆说 , 社会效果也不可预测 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	方郑桥是上海地区最长、最高、最高的石桥 , 其中五个开放在庄家和上海地区 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行程度的差异外 , 定义不平等也是限制财政主义者一个巨大的手册 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	新的金融监管没有什么地址公司 , 尽管他们发挥了一个中央的作用 , 即使是对房屋泡沫的影响 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯苏雷兹在上个月在安菲尔德的11图中被指控 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	有些人在洛杉矶河上滚动的高桥上 , 我们的路径随着我们走向公园 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	曼联在2003年9月失踪测试后 , 曼联队失踪了欧元2004年9月的比赛 , 而且这是一场与球员的选手 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分 , 研究了硫亚胺和阿司匹林进口片的溶解性提高 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了摩卡/e比和填料量对拉弹性热空气年龄的影响及其影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , rc柱轴向压缩比的限值通常高于rc柱的有限值 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织一般行政赞助反馈和缺陷产品及其它非法活动 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 当灰度和砂河时 , 叶尔多尔曼关系不能辨别通道模式良好 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	通用设备的普通设备 , 其中包括雪鞋、计算机或类型的键盘 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从现状出发 , 欧洲民事党政府的发展可能再次突破破破破破 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	该方法采用马肝组织作为原材料制备马酒精脱氢酶干乙酮粉 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	利用非晶硅薄膜子电池的顶层生成了一种透明的电导ito反射层 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业家都是关于特定市场或技术的激情 , 并且把销售帽子放在不自然的情况下 , 这是好的 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接当地能源的生产发展 , 供应和需求的平衡 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	上海市妇女、家庭妇女和学生碘缺乏障碍的知识和实践 。
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法74例ct扫描证实的mbienstena变化 , 分析了ct扫描的变化 , 并与预后研究其相关性 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	进入${userinstallroot}\etc\security\sample\ender.jceks在keystore路径领域 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的评价全体骨科学的应用价值 , 探讨喉癌细胞组织学的诊断和阶段 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	经过一次新闻会议和一次oath仪式 , 在那里 , 10个成员投票 , 确保安全 , 他改变了他的工作总体 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	奥利拉表示 , 微软并没有作为诺基亚的唯一选择 , 并注意到许多公司在与完成手机制造商合作的兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家 , 是星系中心周围的循环环环环 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了提取物和总碱的测定方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 美国破产法官允许lehman将现金投入两家银行 , 以避免监管者的数量 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法采用热板试验和醋酸写法观察两种不同浓度的镇痛作用 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是完整文本的总结 , 语言的整体特征已经对林庄作了简要的概括化 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	przewalski的马一旦旋转蒙古的步骤 , 被认为在野生里变得太分散了 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系的转型需要美国和韩国维护 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长廊所取代 , 这些 " 被短角一样 , 就像有些凶猛的牧羊那样 , "
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑您的网上专辑 , 等于在公共屏幕上留下的财富专辑 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场如此挥发和公司 " 令人震惊 " , 长期的日志通过衰退 , 还有几个指标 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果您正在跟踪并计划在这个点上采取一个突破 , 请在您现在有两个工作的时候留在文件系统中创建更大的文件文件 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们在非白人群中看到更多的权威主义率 , 我认为当局主义家庭的百分比最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月球远远远离地球 , 即使大树在山上生长 , 我们不能看到它们最强大的望远镜 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	大城市公共汽车停车的机场风格和袋检查是实际的 , 因为它会带来普通生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	几天后 , 他们仍然与军队联系 , 幸运地 , 他们杀了鹿 , 难以依赖维生 , 花了几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 对四大银行来说 , 好银行/坏银行应该是管理层 ; 工业只要四个工作 , 才能稳定 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时我仍然想要一个专注的键盘 , 所以当我看到s710的时候 , 我知道它是完美的适合 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 必须有一般的神 , 然而有限 , 这导致男人常想他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	汞和任何人癌、白血病、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间没有其他文献联系 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国最近公开支持对伊朗的制裁 , 并对朝鲜的核活动更少限制 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这个游戏开放在一个不名的战争中东国家 , 在交换1000万美元的费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	在8月底 , 乔伊·德里斯科完成了许多令人惊讶的工人幻想:他在一个不可避免的时尚中辞职 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	根据价值链的周围和企业策略 , 提出了分化优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	鉴于过滤器处理请求和前进的能力只有j2ee1.4 , j2ee的旧版本需要不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利活动主义布吉特·巴特写给德国部长 , 她不要给予压力来超越奥巴马禁令 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦西亚全球更多和塞维拉中场马萨卡都是拉齐奥总统克劳迪奥·洛蒂托的购物名单 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在两级金融控制涉及大学和学校内有矛盾的实验室管理和长期发展 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	结果表明 , 该样品对eg生物反馈系统的临床应用前景更有效地提取信息的关注 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科尔声称 , 穆里尼奥没有解决未来的球员 , 更喜欢集中在手中赢得比赛中 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	系统实验研究和理论分析了金坦岩盐机械方面的理论分析 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例发生nosocom感染 , 发生率为14.3% , 呼吸感染占48% , ur24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	除了德国的趋势外 , 在德国 , 年轻人实际上失业率下降至10.3% , 超过两年的时间 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	与传统的观点不同 , 句子意义是其真实的条件 , 从而实现了一种分析意义的新视角 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论在实验性过敏性鼻炎大鼠hpa轴上具有监管作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	虽然物理学家经常知道他们的病人会死亡 , 但他们从来没有告诉他们 。
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然站着 , 命令他叫他 , 叫盲人 , 说对他说 , 安慰 , 升起 ; 他清理 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	威尔斯边的大小说 , led的质量比小芯片更好 , 价格比异常大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来 , 我国艾滋病传播模式在感染比传播中具有显著的变化 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	实际研究表明 , 美容专家通过实际研究表明 , 婴儿油与糖结合提供了一种最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他被指控 , 陈的电脑在精英多媒体有限公司修复 , 在那里 , ze是一名员工 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些本身 , 林肯的演讲和写作的引用已经在整个院子里稳定 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	大明宫的许多人在那里 , 他们已经保持了大多数原始的地区文化 , 比如他们的方言和传统食品 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中 , 可以收集反射是如何寻找固定和永久的东西 , 尽管自己和治理特定的 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔向婚礼带来了kay , 这样她会慢慢慢 , 也许没有太多震惊 , 吸收他父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	低频钢36z焊接的裂纹增长率可分别为35倍和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统很容易构建和简单 , 具有较高的光谱分辨率 , 没有增加收集时间 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 重复pv在前列pv患者的椎体水平同样有效 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	与软银行合作是一个良好的开始:公司拥有2200万个订阅者 , 其用户基地已经在过去几年里迅速发展 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不敢自称改革开放的先锋 , 但毕竟 , 我们是第一个普通人开餐馆 。 " 郭说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	拜纳姆上赛季最后46场比赛 , 左膝损伤 , 他平均为14.0分和8.2磅 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了沿运河滑坡的灵活性梁体系 , 以及相关膨胀土性能的设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	本文采用性选择性吸收指标 , 指出性吸收对性吸收率的提高 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一个女人将有更多的推荐 , 成为英雄的母亲 , " 联邦主义说 , " 比建立 , 阿马逊类似的英雄本人 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	这些日子忙碌 , 通过 " 水边缘 " 实际上没有发现 。 今天 , 去图书馆 , 图书馆 , 图书馆几小时之前 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了排除这些条件 , 我们必须根据我国特定情况重新定义公司的规则机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	吉妈发现了一张石桌 , 许多字已经变成了 , 明显不想让别人知道这个坟墓的更多信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队通信提供了一个蓝色印刷 , 不仅对于会议目标 , 而且还是为了执行有效的工程提供有效的 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	卢博丁鉴别它用作 " chinese红 " , 但认为任何相似的阴影都会影响贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	因此 , 您可以去多个论坛 , 学习一些以上常规颜色的信息 , 这个论坛将涉及到哪些网络平台更可靠 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	分配 , 你不会分配、子许可或否则在本协议下转移任何权利或义务 , 通过法律或其他法律操作 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	中国的宠物拥有正在繁荣 , 藏族主义是那些想把财富传播在股票和房地产上 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应当充分提供 , 大学培训应该是我们普通国家的任何一节没有类或种族的单一 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点讨论了原始日常中心工作人员自身识别的效果 , 并讨论社会结构上下文的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 自1918年以来 , 观察并没有使用现实的最高标准 , 瘦肉是季节和吸引完美的 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	大米赞扬阿富汗总裁阿富汗阿富汗政府最大的雇主之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他从汤姆巡逻影子里拿出来 , 她看见山羊的眼睛是明亮的 , 常规的小狗 , 在杜斯基晚上散发 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	根据cagyue的分析 , 提出了一种新的视觉创作 , 解决新媒体的幻想文学影响 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 古典装饰品、完美展品 " 的质量产品 , 永虹重新定义了每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行在亚洲的中央银行将措施保持高通胀 , 直到全球市场转向补贴 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个snps也显示出显著的基因性互动 , 但它们的作用在男性或女性中并不显著 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	虽然在第二年 , 俱乐部是成功的 , 但部分原因是它的协调员 , 苏珊迈克尔 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	jy8g.de'在弗兰克福特举行的债务 , 促进投资者信心在全球信贷交易之后 , 可能会返回 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd中 , 数据被重新分布到某些组 , 并且所有组都按计算机节点的请求进行多位传输 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	两个不同的法国和平沿岸 , 一个小的两个人死亡的沙漠 , 是约克斯塔的海洋船舱的一部分 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	拉尔托·艾伦在城镇的错误面上 , 但仍然要穿新衣服 , 用美丽的匹配鞋子 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	现在投资者要求银行和华盛顿相互提高资本 , 或者卖他们的资产来提高现金 , 并证明他们是解决方案的 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在2000年在民主党议员会议上发表了一个国家议会 , 他是党副总统提名人 。
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	通过一次试验 , bp油的砂污染 , 团队可以在第二秒内分离水碳 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 基础基础可能是由于在阿特西亚水泥上卸载土壤的危险条件下 , 如沙桩和上变形等危险条件 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一个学生对一个已选择的朋友列表进行了一个程序 , 有一个短篇文本消息 , 他每15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	将你的空间与您的windows手机的运动传感器和战斗空间海盗和您的可升级武器 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	本方法可为其快速、简单、一定准确的铝粉含量测定提供一种新的途径 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	当它关闭它的目标时 , ekv集成数据从xbrith上传感器和锁定到敌人导弹 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利hedle增加成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 但发明效益也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	由于主人是电影制作商 , 他的客户是电影明星 , 歌手和庆祝他晚晚晚晚晚饭店 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	jerseys , 脉冲器 , 心脏器 , 腰衣和类似文章 , 编织或腐蚀 , 丝或丝绸废料 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	结合:分子、离子、晶体、金属和其他稳定物种的任何相互作用 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另一个是loblollypine 。 风突破不仅保护着陆地和作物 , 还可以从风中切割 , 用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	昨天 , 他们的两个完全回来 , 约翰·弗兰根和杰克·罗宾逊 , 反对沃尔科特和萨米尔·纳斯里 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	以下因素如糖尿病、红细胞、抗异常技术等因素 , 证明了其独立性 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	审美追求与各个方面有联系 ; 作家编辑新闻的过程也是审美追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	南宁地区的徐宁市六个县和城市 , 位于广西省西南部的喀斯特区 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	其特点是:严重的条件 , 快速变化 , 更易误诊 , 困难管理 , 更复杂 , 死亡率高 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 爱东尼亚总理安德鲁斯在访问中国外交部长李赵兴 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹承诺实施全面和平协议 , 坚持苏丹南部的推荐 , 在自由和公平的路上 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种传送车辆悬挂系统的一个组成部分 , 特别是一个拖车钢套 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使小山作为我们国家制鞋基地 , 我们需要做以下:人 , 识别发展和创新的命令高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	最近 , 荧光化学改善了荧光化学 , 利用高浓度的荧光化学 , 没有引起医学并发症 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	哮喘和个人历史的儿童更有可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及采用新型有限色谱介质的新方法 , 纯化和生产cobra神经毒素 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描白光干涉仪增加了肖像测量范围 , 其测量精度达到纳米的水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省劳动保证大厅地板行走员张德瑜瑜 , 办公生长jiaouebai , 做出重要演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	拥有各种各样的历史精确的武器 , 包括机枪、巴佐克斯、尼波里斯和火焰喷射器 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文对含聚羧基团的水溶硫染色染色染色及完成性能进行了研究 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	给出了一种具有厚壁层的odic铝氧化铝膜的制备方法 , 属材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	序列和并行执行的理想阈值是协调并行任务的成本 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区的微观特征没有明显差异 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面部问题是人体脾脏问题的反映 , 只有内部和外部治疗才能有助于解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是早期肾病损伤诊断的最优和临床价值方法 , 具有巨大的市场需求 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	李霍姆再次获得 " 2004年最佳生产商 " 和 " 最佳男性音乐家 " 2006年由金梅洛迪奖金委员会获得 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括一个电子商务店前面应用程序、社区网站、门户网站、样本报告以及项目时间追踪应用程序 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	第二周 , 印度多文本增加了14至21个新秀 , 与其第一周的150个额外展览 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和持有者 , 礼品 , 陶瓷瓶 , 叶子和糖糖罐 , 固定桌 , 面板 , 蜡烛持有者 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他敲了鼓 , 发言人 , 把他的迈克拉上来 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 用好的措施把自己扔到地板上 , 然后把它扔到地板上 , 然后把它扔到地板上 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	李维特说: " 虽然他个人负责进一步加强你的职业 。
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	亚蒂拉 , 西欧大部分的猎王和拉瓦格死于死亡 , 很多人希望能从这样的激烈战士那里获得什么事情 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	有一个视频共享能力 , 你可以看到视频 " with " 其他人 , 虽然您的互动限制在视频附近的一个混乱房间 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	它改善了xerosis的一些主观症状 , 临床xeric严重范围和dermosic表现 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	快起来 , 当感觉逐渐与关闭压力板连接的时候 , 开始慢慢下来 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底部改革不能抵抗 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免对抗 , 这样传播就像一个不可避免的平原 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	阿姆斯花了其他的电影拍摄来获得他的复仇 , 让他的逃避 , 把小女儿从她的新朋友回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则分配的值是应该在测试1中使用的测试中 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几个星期后 , 我们得到了克里人希望我在公约上讲话 , 虽然这并不清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	本研究的结果也可用于解决西北旱地区的其他盐问题和土壤再生问题的参考 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	一种晶体化合物 , c6h12n12n3ps , 一种含硫类似tepa , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	介绍了热量计的基本原理及热量计类型 , 并给出了一种制造热耦合热量计的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥位于英国中海岸 , 18公里东 , 附近意大利边境附近 , 法国周围 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有人会改变世界 , 但把这些条约约约约束基地的招募池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三个星期里 , 富爸停下来 , 我们听说他的卡车在停车场上拉上很多和发动机时 , 发动机被关掉 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	此增加电压主要是电力线频率和其对电压计的读效果将取决于正常模式拒绝能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南白惠贸易有限公司是一家专业从事优质葡萄酒、进口葡萄、香烟、著名茶和烟草的公司 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	为了接受 " 双重财富 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当卡米尔完成饮料时 , 男人拿出一条金鼻环重 , 两个金手镯重量十块 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆教师为例 , 通过问卷调查工作负担和影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类可能会像清单1中的同步计数器示例一样 , 但相似性只是正式 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另一个风险是 , 个人和商业账户将得到混合 , 因为他们与莎梅萨克尔这样做 , 现在正在继续银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能导致一个安定爱好者使用非常长的鱼棒来钓鱼 , 而且还可以减少或设置 , 也可以方便地扔鱼钩 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 某些燃烧机械喷雾喷嘴比蒸汽原子喷嘴更稳定 , 燃烧器的性能较差 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这导致schema定义和soap消息生成的soap消息是语言中性并遵循wsi基本概要 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建您最喜欢的集合并经常使用snippet , 确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们在一个小时基础上提供更新以保持我们的用户信息的情况 , 直到今天4pdt之前解决 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 膝外科医生仍然是一个挑战的问题 , 重建受伤或切除的nicus的功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些政治权拒绝纽约时报的任何东西 , 并不确切相信福克斯新闻提供的任何东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管与中国人相爱 , 他的中国球迷相信他能使美国成为一个人 , 甚至世界也是伟大的 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	同样 , 中国政府计划改善基础设施规模大 , 比如caterillar这样的重型设备制造商 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当谷物是地面 , 或叶子被烹饪 , 它们变得更可消化 , 让更多的营养因子被体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	有人预计他正在寻找一个机会 , 让他的团队接近一个大城市学校的艰苦游戏 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上周 , 一些主要银行包括ubs降低了中国的增长预测 , 大多是因为出口将逐渐衰退 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热荷载集中在隔离时间内 , 可导致圆形变形形形成形式 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	根据系统中多元文档滤波器 , 可以添加一个检查 , 看看请求文档是否是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数5000个应用程序都是用于基于安德鲁id的平板上运行的手机编写的手机 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作者结合历史和理性思想 , 深刻地分析各作者的作品的不同时期 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室被保证为黄自行车锁 。 托德尔的渔民玩具的箱子可以在仓库里看到 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	考虑多维生理信息融合的多线性特征 , 本文采用svm建立医学建模 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	美国在1934年6月16日 , 伦敦威伯林打败英国 , 英国球员赫伦·杰科布斯和威尔曼杯 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党 , 巴基斯坦人民党说 , 联合国调查到她死亡 , 这是唯一的方法 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场干预方式 , 行业集群已促进 , 促进经济发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸还要求维多利亚能够在任何决策结婚之前试图与她的男朋友合作日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 尽管这些成功仍然非常关注的是关于高层次的动画和后面的原因 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将有昂贵的增长 , " cinic在声明中说符合其报告的释放 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个哈勃的太空望远镜显示 " 猫的眼星云 " 是最复杂的 " 行星星云 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管道系统 。 玻璃加固热塑料组件 , 测试方法证明了螺栓式联接设计 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪士尼执行官说 , 如果他们在中国的努力成功 , 他们将在世界各地的其他国家举办英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	随着我们世界各地的许多美丽的地方 , 我们失去选择和唯一的办法是追随心 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非其他城市区的居民很可能在富裕国家的外国人中对外国人进行同样的评价 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位guuguyimithirr发言人被电影告诉他的朋友如何在他的青年中如何的故事 , 他在鲨鱼感染的水中被捕 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	有限数据表明 , ms0和tsr在平均值1:0.93的关系中 , ms0的值比tsr大 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	这种轻笑起来的性游戏现在得到了一切黑暗和有趣的感觉 , 更有创造力的家伙 , 更有创造力 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqae和qam决定是否需要额外的行动 , 并实施此行动 , 以确保计划审计作为规范审计 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	通过ct二次负荷变化 , 可以保护磁约束总线保护 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 在稳态铸造条件下 , 紫外板的清洁度大约是一致的 ;
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可交付的是一种可测量的、验证的工作产品 , 如规范、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联合国士兵承诺不再战斗 , 回到这个承诺 , 他们被释放在巴罗 , 送回家 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	卡特帕尔斯从身体背端移动 , 直到达头部 , 把它推向前 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有灰色的摩西图斯基的故事描绘场景 , 特别是黑暗和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可抵抗的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中将有益于更多的应用 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过迫使他们回顾他的部门 , 诺佐先生可能帮助最后一个改革:更透明度和会计性 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 , 我们有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特皮尔 , 丹尼·伯格坎普 , 詹姆·莱曼和现在又一次 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	汤普森先生的耳朵里 , 斯塔德博士相信 , " 谢谢你 。 汤普森先生 。
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	过度调度 , 压力 , 或者担心孩子经常不应该睡眠 , 而睡眠剥夺也有严重的后果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 他买了印度安那农田公园的土地 , 它吸引了农民 , 阿特兰人和知识分子 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过联合提高和错误管理 , 庆祝摄影师安妮·莱伯维茨发现自己在债务中2400万美元 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈文浩先生要求统一的思想 , 以保证各种工作的完整满足 , 成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	近年来 , 人们的发现仍然在中国和西班牙 , 怀疑 " 非洲理论 " , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他写了 " 一个小孩 " , 在庙里 , 描述他的生命和研究 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	现代法律的一代审判过程中出现的一份报告 , 得到了法律整体的报告 , 并从现有的角度重新启用它 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但他决定采取笔 , 成长 , 继续写 , 每句话 , 他要付普通人不能想象硬工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	" 进口税率进口税率 " 是旅客和个人邮政园 " 的一部分和公园 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 城市和某些视觉私人开发人员开始试图改变 , 将商业空间转化为移民公寓 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主人家人清楚地了解时间/地产/地产/反对方先进 , 并且当你想去旅行时 , 就得到同意 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	然而 , 在前苏联有很多平坦的建筑 , 其中有公共厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	第二 , 有一些糖尿病患者可能会受益于阿富汗 , 第三 , 阿富汗患者可能希望保留药物 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	后来hwang承认假设数据使文章看起来更好 , 但声称一个同事把他认为细胞线是真正的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	它还确保您的应用程序后端运行的通常特权 , 因此您不必做关键文件世界可编写的 , 这是一个大添加 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	据纽约时报道 , 凤凰太阳首席执行官和rickwelts , 一位长期的nba执行官 , 告诉纽约时代他是同性恋的 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	参与者收集相关俱乐部的运营基金 , 权威提供地方和运动设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	李德斯大学法律溃疡学校的法律溃疡恢复是非常简单的 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王bhumibol的死亡意味着伊丽莎白二世成为世界上最长的生活君主 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四十四条建设企业的质量化 , 合同工作 , 应当申请此类资格的规定 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	本文结合大面积精髓板的培养 , 为精髓培养提供了成功和预测 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 闻到竹心深处 , 优雅精炼 , 独特 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	作者分析了催化剂的毒性原因 , 提出了防毒催化剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	采用不完整的双伏因族silkworm对六定量特性的遗传效果进行了实验 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到纯粹的时候 , 却发现上帝只有我在债务中才有2个人 , 承诺 , 没有看到福恩图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	包括swot分析 , 评估您的市场 , 开发您的组织身份或简单预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	走到古兰维拉酒店 , 还在古兰玉 , 你会看到三个相互的下游 , 看看海鲜餐馆 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一组自动调节型旋转机械装置 , 一种自动调节型旋转 , 反冲缓冲和升降压阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文采用简单的缓冲平等形式 , 给出了多变函数条件极端的两种建议 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择147家私人企业作为样本 , 分析了21个内部影响因素 , 并得到7个常见因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了乙醇连续生产的催化酵母和聚乙烯醇同化酵母的行为 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	因此 , 各种不良后果 , 包括性能较差、大型系统备份、决策管理性和增加失败的奇迹 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种在多类随机神经网络中实时语音质量评价的新方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待的过程中 , 9个城市必须对一个人幸运的预测产生损失 , 这是一个玩家和收入的过程 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血浆内皮素变化与肾氧化物和血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 大卫和金正看了戏剧的辩论 , " 红室的梦想 " , 随着dprk人从生活的各行走中走出来 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同缝合缝合固定的强度 , 评价适当的缝合缝合数量 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	在设计拱管时 , 计算拱管的负载情况 , 主要讨论了拱管的拱管的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的评价磁共振胆管梗阻的临床价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为 , 这大部分是因为男性皮肤厚 , 这些皮肤隐藏了导致细胞的脂肪细胞的出现 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈到谁会从课程中获益 , 以及一些关于详细的课程的课程 , 我们会在课程中覆盖的课程中 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸迅速 ? 你的脉冲比率 ? 你的手折磨 ? 这些感觉阻止了几年的生活 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	在hog胆管胆囊结核病毒生产过程中 , 导致疫苗的病毒并未达到其标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	通过活性氯原子 , 通过活性氯化物含量强的有机酸 , 引入了氯化丙烯 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我公司产品很好 , 产品在世界销售很好 , 比如:东方 , 我们在世界上拥有大量的成本 , 日本 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤盐化是植物生态环境中的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和沙漠化 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这名叫解释他们的动机市长承认在城市西威利犯罪事件上犯罪事件的媒体报告 , 他写道平衡 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了中硅密封剂的制造原理、性能、影响因素和使用 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五间卧室 , 一个现代居住在1500m平方和完全重新设计的家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个诚挚和紧急的问题 , 关于人是如何中年人 , 他不想浪费时间 , 你知道他如何实践 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语学习成为审美学的主题 , 对于出生吸引力、呼吸性和社会性来说 , 成为审美价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存行简单实现是可滚动的 , 允许您在行列表示的记录集中滚动后向和前进 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 作为我们本周的特殊报告显示 , 德国的成就 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 告诉一个不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	呼吁api将http请求形式转换为建立的服务进入点url , 包括xml数据的详细信息 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然保持初级和二级学校 。 除了英语和马来文化主题外 , 外 , 外 , 马来西亚仍然是中国学校 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件、xls扩展表或动态web页面 , 实际上没有打开ide并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 在不同民主特征下 , 性选择性吸收的影响逐渐增加 , 不同民主特征不均匀 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育的核心是培训获得创造力的学生 , 关键是教师指导和学生参与的关键 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾温波西的新合同在阿森纳温格的议会上 , 但他不希望这个问题在几个月内成为媒体肥胖 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个</p><p>儿子主持威胁陈玉 , 陈玉最终不敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我在计划旅行的时候做了我的家庭工作 , 我知道在摄像机上使用了好图片 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	瓶颈炎和哮喘可以导致叶子和年轻生长的旋转 , 通常在灌溉过程中干旱 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普遍条件包括人的思维质量和道德质量 , 科学上文化 , 劳动技能 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟对此表示表示 , 中央已经进入计划长期 , 面临广告的最关键问题是承认程度 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以向我们返回的订单 。 然而 , 客户将按照每公园租赁费用 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	除非mofcom所接受的价格不应该采取或接受 , 否则 , 由这样的污染和伤害造成的初步确定 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果纯甜potato含有氰胺、三苯胺、马尔维素、聚苯胺和甲基乙烯 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	了解不同类型的吸烟木材 , 为制造酒吧砖 , 了解更多关于bbq格栅和火坑在这个自由烹饪视频 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳可替代方向 , 地理长度 , 纬度 , 替代方向 , 云覆盖 , 大气透明度 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴刚曾经说 , 碗形式会帮助观众集中在容器底部 , 集成人们和结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比美国南部最南部的玻璃海岸更深 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统奥巴马在今天的大多数时间和公众出现 , 改革国家卫生保健体系 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	测定了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和灰的成分 , 分析了铁粘合yam和泡沫的营养成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我阅读这个消息时 , 我是个完全震惊 , 然后我尽管昨晚他忘了什么 , 他看起来像昨天那样有些显示 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为一个特殊的城市 , 资源城市已经在建设整个工业和国家经济体系中取得了巨大的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了当地硫回收过程的基本原理、过程流程、技术特点和工程实例 , 以及其在我国应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果您使用了铁路行为操作 , 那么您知道一个logedin用户将设置相关的值:ser关键 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	迪恩斯坦解释了神经活动 , 即使在睡眠期 , 在典型的脑中 , 即使在某些模式 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一个可移除的观测塔 , 可以用来直接导致火箭和火箭的位置 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种设施 , 如污水处理厂 , 鼓励科学家工作更多和更好的方法来减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	虽然他们风险被震惊 , 但中国语音在网络上提示公众的意见已经准备了一些更复杂的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	纽兰档案在巴黎街的酒店窗外看着他的酒店窗户 , 感觉他的心脏与青年的混乱和悲剧 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	本:是的 。 很多人住在那晚 , 电视上 , 我看到人们走在长城的街上 , 激动了国家旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 徐志明还试图帮助赫敏 , 负责推动整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然适配的身体可以引起更小的或更重的缓冲 , 但小调整可以提供更平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	显然 , 不同的管理水平 , 无论海底还是在海上 , 都需要变化知识和意识 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	今年早些时候 , 政府允许沙利亚法律被武装极端主义抑制两年的攻击 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 他补充了英国电影的代表 , 虽然7个只显示其2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	据大卫报道 , 一位苹果代表对他说话 , 告诉他 , 申请的拒绝是由于它的 " 政治指控 " 自然 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	科学依据建立一套科学综合体系 , 进一步实施后科学教育 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	或许最重要的是 , cd19l杀死了甚至有高度抵抗标准化疗药物和辐射的白血病细胞 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	该系统将使战士使用手持电脑 , 请求充分运动视频 , 比如怀疑敌人位置或敌人领域 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最著名的美国主义 , 使用和认识 , 甚至几乎不知道另一个英语的人 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织保持周默阳在交通政策结束时 , 为了方便生活 , 她将回到东中国海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男人最好的浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了对泥泞性的美德 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的课程中 , 几个星期星期天早上有必要去教堂 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	该方法采用纤维素凝胶来支持大鼠心脏细胞 , 在纤维蛋白突破之前 , 细胞组织成组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论建筑能源节约和点的窗口是目前最好的一个 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们年龄 , 突变的数量开始说明系统的修复能力 , 以及米托克隆dria开始自动化和死亡 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一个独立研究的全球菌株 , 看起来像小透明昆虫 , 双倍了名的物种从7 , 000到14 , 000 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的业务非常强烈 ! 经过试图出现amway的产品 , 看看我们的上线是如此伟大的时间 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血是人类语言的重要生命 , 血液在很丰富的情况下 , 如能量、情感、硬硬等等 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格得到了 , 谨慎地把他的妻子拿起来 , 所以不要打破贝特哈 , 因为他付了一个圆的总结 , 他亲吻她的嘴唇 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	全国石油威尔瓦科开发了下一代的项目 , 将培训和开发高潜在的大学生为未来领导地位 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 携带乘客和货物 , 是铁路的主要任务 。 随着社会的发展 , 铁路越来越高 , 铁路上的需求越高 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持一个希望的项目 , 对于丈夫来说很重要:松鼠从他的身体里制成的枕头 , 他的角球 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文介绍了世界铀资源、其在一些国家的分布和变化 , 并在2006年出版的红书 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华尔宁波计划在专业、动物和消费市场开发国内市场 , 我们希望更多的人参与我们 , 明天更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	周五的一份独立报告显示 , 消费信用增长在11月第二个月后 , 下滑20个月后 , 消费者信用增长 , 这可能会为支出带来良好的支出 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者cgms和csi可获得有价值的血糖漂移 , 并提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiphop社区已收到一份股权投资 , 从普通音乐集团的财务细节不公开 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	然而 , 镇计划者 , 齐心地试图将资本转化成现代、效率和宇宙普利亚城 , 已经认为大多数历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	字母:页面像posts , 但是 " 正常博客色彩 " , 当您访问管理页子panel时 , 生活在正常的博客色彩 " 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国婴儿有效早期学习程序是评价制作和教育过程结合的完美和多文评价系统 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	此外 , 提高了rpuf的压缩强度和模块 , 从耦合剂中提高了rpuf的兼容性 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了日本建筑师肯哥kuma设计的 " 竹墙 " , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 做一个立即模式与注册3相比 , 并将结果存储在注册4中 , qi$4 , 3 , 0美元 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	星期日 , 观察家声称 " 茶党在联邦开支规模上升 , 尤其是在银行中 " 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 到了90年代末 , 许可样本已经变成了许多放牧器开始创建背景跟踪和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	如果检测早期 , 五年生存率是约98% , 但在先进阶段检测的时候 , 可以比较低15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	可是在几年之后 , 卡拉德里尔出生了婚礼 , 他的父亲和埃伦的儿子一起去 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日晚上 , 智利总统与外交部长唐在智利参加东美论坛 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	背面有数百个rinestone单独缝纫 , 这种手套是pop史的重要组成部分 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 基于毁灭的公司正在增加 , 这些伙伴关系在美国销售的时候 , 美国的销售比stellar更少 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评中的有机形式由 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机整体 " 和 " 相反的统一 " 三个概念组成 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下列命令将创建 , 在体积组测试vg中 , jfs2文件系统使用安装点/fs2的jfs2文件系统 , 并只读取许可 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨lukin6与lukin18水平的关系 , 以及rum-atoidarthritis综合鉴别 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	目前马山铁钢铁铁矿石电磁搅拌系统的电磁搅拌系统的运行状况和问题 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线继承 , 等性别遗传 , 建立个性属性的基本内容已成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱的完美状态是单独独独独独独的 , 就像加兰花传递的花词一样 。
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	中国南部吉林省的湖南盆地是半格拉伯盆地 , 位于邓华南断裂北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	本单元具有两个128gallon混合罐 , 一个30galn持有hopper和flang的进口腔槽泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理多元主义 " 经常特征民主文化的公共文化 , 但现代主流思想是经济主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种基于更新大气分散算法和邻接方法的化学评价模型 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的分配需要仔细考虑 , 但如果完全通胀不再是关注的问题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作方案 , 采用ct指导和超声图对卡姆检查表进行操作 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	因此当然 , 耶和华必死于剑 , 由于祭司 , 在祭司中 , 必要去 , 必要去享受 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	结合数字转换器的集成模拟 , 由延迟锁定循环组成 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸说 , hkma将增加两个欧洲资本通过交易基金的暴露 , 投资汽车hkma管理 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股票最近推动的压力在家庭预算上增加压力 , 标准普尔500指数今年7月下跌了4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	此外 , 他对非政府组织的限制 , 运营海外和接收美国税人资金从执行堕胎中获得 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊情况防止这种情况 , 它可能会与国务院证券委员会批准的安装 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	一般相对性 , 时间被认为是高度、宽度和深度的维度 , 创造一个叫做空间时空的四维宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	很少人习惯在早些时候制作灵魂的询问 , 由于它更困难地检查自己的心 , 比写一个复习 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统的发言人说 , 尽管在淋巴癌诊断 , 他仍然会继续在办公室 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	允许持有人应当确保项目按照电子报告中包含的信息和建设和操作 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型时间更长 , 消失自然缓慢 , 如果有复杂的拉什 , 可以显示不断的蛇类 , 养殖多形 , 更多的圆形 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , niu加入了emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家签署的国际古典音乐品牌 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是在我经验中 , 基本uml语言超过足够的文档大多数软件密集系统架构的要求 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我认为如果我在晚上做一些航空运动 , 它可以帮助在15am期间提高我的能量水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	从治疗的第一天 , 小鼠pmn的化学物质开始降低 , 大剂量剂量的影响比小剂量组更大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	芝加哥会议的发表最近从西门网站消失 , 从来没有讨论机器使用的具体地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可变线性回归数学模型预测火灾传播 , 监督火灾防治 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法采用自我抑郁规模、自我焦虑规模和自制问卷评价245名学生 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	劳里亚先生告诉法庭 , 我们不应该通过这个过程来贡献更多的努力 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	celegians是一种智能科学家 , 出现在浮动大脑培养一个怀孕的帐篷集群 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 新飞机的需求将在未来20年里增加五倍 , 需要超过2 , 000个额外飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看到神的惊讶作品 , 听到神的声音从新加尼来的神的声音 , 然后他们在正确的恐惧 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多领域 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 一个阶段被称为保护教师教育的阶段 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当爱德伦出生时 , 他被给予抗生素清除肺脏过多流体 , 尼古医生建议我们允许它 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微气使自己从约翰尼·沃克尔瓶子里出来 , 鼓励我的想象从它的浏览中出现 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一条小树的时候 , 他们听到了一条巨大的流动 , 路边的草地里有一条可怕的灌木 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外有一些疾病 , 每天有10多个酒精 , 生殖炎也不能使用吸收药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预览1 , 今天下载的可用是第一步在本土html5支持下一波的进展 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革的培训应该结合以后的培训 , 使学生能够提高思维的整体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有良好的耐腐蚀性、耐热性、耐磨性、绝缘性等优点 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	该控制器在纺织染料机多功能电动同步控制系统中应用 , 具有较高的控制压力和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论5种杀虫剂量可用于我国cx.pipienspallen的耐药检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	对于大多数人来说 , 目标是在最后一夜之前吞下所有葡萄 , 但乌维亚人坚持在13个葡萄上采取良好的措施 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短代码进行同步信息 , 克服了相关代码传输的难度 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是导致服务方向和服务方向的技术架构之间的关系和区别 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件传递到 , 这使得很难回溯到原始的问题源 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是出现不对称数字订阅循环的缩短形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论:组装水电池是技术可行的 , 应该在水采集和节水灌溉工程中受欢迎的 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 学校的某种类型积极寻求沃尔多夫毕业作为潜在学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	本周 , 21个国家高级官员在海威夷举行会议 , 亚太太平洋经济合作论坛年度峰会 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	同时讨论了城市循环建设的功能 , 运行阶段和环境路站的必要性 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多目标结合彭格可结合培养和松散 , 实现空实体共存培养方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	孙南安强烈推荐 , 揭示了他在男女和女人之间平等的平等概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	一些直觉已经开始了他们 , 他们把他们的背部转到火车上 , 开始从草丛里跳出来 , 他们的运动就像任何球员那样优雅 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	pyridoxin:在双盲中 , 交叉研究中 , 发现比甲基苯酸甲酯治疗一组高活性儿童更有效 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国商业中发挥着重要作用 , 进一步 , 它对国家经济有着巨大的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您的收藏和保持威东的作品和收藏卡 , 收藏行为也是作品的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	每天的参与者看到他们平均满意性经验从每月2.7升至4.5 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江南地区杨昌地区的低渗性变4+5储层具有良好的油气勘探潜力 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	本研究将探讨花园胶囊是否能破坏病原伪猴的通信系统 , 以防止病毒的持续性 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于亚层储层特殊的地质特征 , 注塑剂的一般方法不适合亚层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	" 我并不说我们看起来很多 , " 玛丽说 , " 你说 , " 你不必是肮脏 , " 我总是记得那个 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	据说 , 这种革命可能会被禁止或雇佣 , 硬线和ocrat一定是在今天结束的 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	虽然iq和个性测试可能不会对fechner的想法有很多直接的关系 , 但他们的精神是相同的:测量、量量量、了解之间的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	然而 , 沙盒已经有墙壁 , 如魏博现在并没有玩到外界 , 而且对一个严格的监测和审查政策有着很大的影响 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	嗯 , 这是一个非常大的电话 , 如果你看完整的日子 , 找到一个正面的故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobraddock认识到 , 在线订购商中最大的障碍之一是消费者不能检查和触摸完美食品 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每个病人治疗 , 预算中有相当的变化 , 总数的ntp预算和总成本每年为2002-2005年的总成本 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时通过发明一种具有摩擦压力和液压压压力的复合压力 , 制备了一种改进 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	本月 , 印度议会辩论 " 人口稳定 " 的标志被认为是一个进展 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究格里菲斯大学视觉媒体的研究 , 并为格里菲斯的经验提供了一些有趣的观察 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在斯科尔板上 , 几乎所有人都离开了站台 , 哈克从体育馆里走出来 , 停车很多 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	尽管目前的数字可能会建议一个步骤 , 但分析师说他们并不是中国贸易的定义指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译在点上编辑 , " 一个邮件附加到sina.com的翻译中 , 流行的web门户 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	分析了反垄断机构的四种主要模型 , 指出有效的功率对抗垄断权威非常重要 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗跟踪 , 但当他或她被看作是一个利润的时候 , lucnoel博士补充说: " 捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗跟踪 。 "
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	另外 , 花园地区、农村、居民和工业土地的增加将增加其峰值 , 然后降低稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbc报道 , 7月24日 , 德国杜伊斯堡西部德国杜伊斯堡的爱游戏舞蹈节至少19人死亡 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象能让我们任何东西 , 即使爱尔西亚综合征导致没有过度行为 , 文学可以使我们任何地方给我们带来任何事情 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成后 , 他去掉旗子 , 珍惜地擦嘴 , 一些圣威尔的汉语像14岁 , 少有25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年 , 位于太平洋海洋的西部一城市 , 成立于1537年 , 是周边最大的港口 。 人口264 , 1333年 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人做过融合 , 我发现这个考古学上的超级城市很困难 , 没有一个古老的mosque 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经历一个困难的时间 , 试图学习外语 , 同时适应完全不同的文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个人在森林里打猎了一只狐狸 , 终于失去了自己 。 他在暗暗的时候 , 他遇到了一只白发的老妇人 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	环形岛附近一个中央的拉戈隆 , 是地球上最大的链 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	野生的羽毛覆盖了鸟体 , 它们紧密关闭的葡萄酒创造了翅膀和尾巴的气动力表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	当协调异构系统之间的同时 , 或是正常业务逻辑的一部分 , 将其映射到另一个业务对象 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	但是 , 有时候 , 低铁店里的疲劳干扰 , 尤其是20和30岁的妇女之间 , 吃不多的肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 该设计合理 , 运动是可靠的 , 这些硬链的性质由世界上高水平组合而成的 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了减少沿海鸟的栖息压力 , 必须在核心区边缘建造水流池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	infoq:看起来你希望看到视频编码在谷歌宣布他们正在下降h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	麦当娜 , 切里·布莱尔和贝克汉姆都搬到了那些威胁在国内生活上升的海绵 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	装备晚上vfr的vfr航空设备 , 从元或加拉明 , 回到您的秘密目的目的也会更容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	酒吧和咖啡馆里装满桌子 , 家人在这里停在这儿 , 或巴西多酒杯里 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	根据陈熙的高级咨询人士 , 扎普林公司不能在经济衰退中生成利润 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界最大的矿业公司发言人rubanygarjahhhp说: " 我们不需要批准欧盟 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市指数、声音房价和通胀低 , 肯定对银行家 " 和借贷者的愤怒感觉更多 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是老师职业发展的重要基础 , 在老师工作中发挥不可替代的作用 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	和其他运动员一样 , 20岁的年轻人完成了这样的荣誉 , 纳塔利portman和萨玛·海耶克 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们得到有意义的结果 , 我们还验证了网格指数实际上是在稍后部分解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	比如 , 在短期市场上 , 许多人指出小利润 , 股票明显波威也喜欢保卫或甚至覆盖地位 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者似乎不会被忽略 , 在周一交易中 , 股票下跌9% , 但在几个小时后 , 股票收跌17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意 , 阿瑟尔不会在达文裂缝工作 , 因为他有一个与mosdigory的谈话 , 他已经在一段时间工作 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	典型的办公室层次不适用:经理们喜欢熟悉的 , 他在大片上拥有数百名艺术家的团队 , 是无根的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	目前 , 只有intelat在空间通信中做了16qam实验 , 其16qam是由传统方法制成的 , 其数据率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜修复是用小切口 , 电镜和一张图片固定泪水的技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	我父亲告诉我 , 这是因为他们对家庭财富和过去的家庭财富都太稳定了 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	对于一个俄罗斯舞蹈主题的结论 , 玩家配合聚合物 , 清理板 , 达到最多点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	一个危险的声明 , " 你 " 可以完全适用于公园的大峰、膨胀的冰川和印象的瀑布 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达式是真的非常普遍的 , 在那时刻 , 我不知道他是否是一个老人拉我的腿 , 或者他是否真的是个简单的ton 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案是良好的 , 直接影响建设的投资和周期 , 决定建设完成后的服务和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及氟塑料衬砌制造及应用技术 , 尤其是一种氟塑料衬砌产品及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:评价板层生长因子对不同根表面附加和增殖的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	平壤 , 革命的首府 , 被破坏 , 社会主义公平公平在任何地方都没有折叠 , 以改变国家的看法 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温微镜和xrd方法研究了包含硫酸盐水泥粘结剂的克隆过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变量指令、多地址格式 , 只包含一个小量的通用注册器 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	为了确实 , 大多数人都不会与课堂内容一起做 , 因为我们教导了密歇根大学的任何一所大学都会学习 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	自1979年中国重新启动金融信任业务 , 信任产业经历了六大改进和修改 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察新生布德逊悬浮治疗儿童哮喘的疗效 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充南uts的bp错误 , 联邦政府已经正确 , 大多数人对皇室付款没有影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	在逃离婚姻之后 , 她的父亲试图安排 , 她在荷兰找到幸福 , 但失去了一个被穆斯林奖励杀害的密切朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过他们完美可见的机制 , 建立在天空飞机的原则 , 虽然故事中只有五个 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	然而 , 公司通常不给慈善 ; 政治活动没有贡献 ; 它不应该是 , 理想的 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	现在96岁的祖母billee , 他贷款了100美元开始他的第一个业务 , 一个火车站在第8年级 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市 , 湖食机械厂是一家专业生产自动检测机、冯莞机械、抛光机业 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理拉斐尔·贝尼特兹赞扬了他对婚姻问题的背景 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	cuimadam的观点十分理解 , 精确 , 还有一些回味的李兴请求为peonysomesake提供更多的顾客 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了企业分配资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐述了解决技术的结构 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	农村经济、农村发展和农村民主的支持需要增加 " 三农村 " 的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了圆纹光学长度波动的影响 , 假设是一种算法随机过程 , 对光纤环谐振器进行了光纤分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文采用概率性和非概率性方法结合概率分析方法 , 描述了影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	采用hoil、氢阻硅油、六甲基硅烷、d4合成需要的氢硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨胰岛素总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的追踪元素和心肌超微结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨t抑制细胞功能的变化及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们在普通时候 , 总是没有人说过挑战不要听的话 , 我们回到一起护理管 , 垂直平衡的老妹妹 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	西方和东方在荷兰战争中不可忽视 , 运营 " 市场园 " , 在荷兰 , 以及阿登斯坦的攻击 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章讨论了辽朝资本城市制度的相关问题 , 包括周城与李上京之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但奥巴马总统的预算主任彼得·奥斯扎格说 , 共和党人只是对总统的税收建议的错误 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	因此 , 力量不需要解决:它是盲目的:在这种形式的缺陷中 , 内容也限制和意外 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她通过穿t恤衫运动她最喜欢的游戏 , 穿着自己的时尚主义者的声誉 , 并携带她个人化的vatar咖啡 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本书中 , 《成功心理学》 , 斯坦福德心理学家卡罗韦克给我所描述的名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称 , 为了成为任何更聪明的大脑需要大量额外的能量和氧量 , 我们只不能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月22日电----------------------------------------------------------------------------
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构今年预计全球石油需求增长400万桶 , 每天86500万桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也受非印刷报纸读者的重视、声音和运动到数字消息经验 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近公众的评论中 , 温先生承诺维护外商业信心 , 经常与国际执行官相遇 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果时间器在段内的数据被认可 , tcp假设部分已经丢失或损坏 , 再传输 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	由于它与名义纳米二分辨率返回了结果 , 自然认为它具有相同的精度和精度限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	结果 , 通过球向前发布了一个完美的成就感觉比完成二次方程更容易 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司 , 进一步扩大了其生产能力 , 并结合年生产能力达到2008年12月5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真表明 , 该仪器大大提高了l、c和r参数参数的测量精度 , 并得到了更好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入社会 , 拥有积极的态度 , 每个人都鼓励帮助我们自己的校园内的社会建筑活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还证明 , 他们可以分离整个肠微生物群落 , 并创建一个 " 个性化 " 图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在恢复过程中 , 锁定板固定构造仍然必须从全重轴承保护到联合国签署直到放射图上可见 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还有关于迈克尔·巴拉克的健康问题 , 但西蒙在周二转向穆里尼奥的问题 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	申请党和律师在下庭文件简单中赢得的律师 , 或写论文 , 法院审判 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	无法展示改进或未发生的客户机动力是否会使客户机运动和否定反馈有意义地进化过程 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理金钱使人更敏感 , 减少社会状况的残疾 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置缺陷位置来分离树脂沙接触的摩尔登铁 , 成功避免了缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 符合zte手机的现实 , 统一 , 贡献 , 努力工作 , 微笑服务和客户携带 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周不会改变 , " 四川人强调 , 解释那些实验账户的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 年轻人已经在银行上 , 我听到了所有东西深的音乐 , 天空向我开了它的星心 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场对抗圣娜的战争对手 , 她失去了四次 , 赢得了一次比赛 , 这太回到了2010年之前 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	马登娜说: " 我想有一个孩子很长的时间 , 但我不想试着 , 只是把它放在那里 , " 这是那些奇怪的 。 "
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过骨颗粒中多层有机矩阵 , 表明矿相与有机矩阵相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例患者有虚拟阳性结果 , 包括11例自治性不均衡 , 9例高血压 , 6例糖尿病和6例 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另外一个故事从来没有证明帕诺伊达对希腊的兴趣是严格的家庭 , 参议员对敌人巴隆有血关系 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了有效dmus的一些可行方法 , 为制定决策和科学管理提供了参考依据 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果与谷歌地图发生相同 。 当公司触发了120kb页面大小时 , 公司开始了约30%的地图请求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑毅也说服了保卫人 , 要求女孩 , 诚信和诚信让她印象她 , 并不要用非用的应用来修复 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法甚至允许您在飞行上修改认证规则 , 因为所有的pamaware程序都开始应用新规则 , 不需要任何变更 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但我坐在我的山里 , 巴巴巴勒人仍然在他们的数千里 , 还有几个人敢敢于杀人 , 知道他们肯定会死亡 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	因此 , 三平长袖在顶部和心脏器是一种很好的方法 , 同时也不用一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	介绍了广东电信工作流技术的应用 , 重点介绍广东电信的一些相关概念 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	虽然汤姆意识到 , 尽管在销售会议上公开展出了不合理的需求 , 但他不能与客户的不合理 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对论文的一个非常好的机会 , 立即攻击了他们所谓的非法干扰和他的破坏 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找跨越外星球 , 与同事的技术相似 , 用月球作为镜子 , 看地球转移太阳 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填充了这座建筑 , 是一个完美的炉 , 门被烧了 , 地板被烧了 , 木基督没有烧毁 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	个人成员常回答这个叫做武器 , 参与国有的宠物驱动器 , 以便将各种提议放在球场上 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 如何准确地评估您正在为您的产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 而且不仅仅是在大鼠洞里进一步挖掘进一步 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公众演讲也有益于 , 如果他成功获得他的观众同意 , 那是一个自信的增强者和发言人 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在的地方比在快速的世界里更有关 , 您的工作发表了自己和ivy联盟信 , 在你的名字之后 , 您的名字并不匹配您的攻击能力 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	那么说 , 有很多故事 , 仍然被探索 , 留下来探索 , 去消灭只是关于阿瑟斯和李金的故事 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体制逐步建立 , 高等教育体制在改革下 , 知识经济时代正在未来 , 教育服务开放 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc已经发布的威胁应该给国际社会怀疑其在民主政府领导的准备性 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	如今 , 在过去几年中 , 人文建设监督的政策已经被社会接受了广泛的成就 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	心理健康专业人士表示 , 大多数受抑郁症患者并不适当治疗 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	同时讨论了互动多模块方法 , 实现了统一和 " 目前 " 加速运动模型的目标建模 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:本课程教学包括医学知识、诊断、医学技能、评价课程和评价 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	在印刷行业中 , 如果我们使用密度计量和控制点色墨或不当考虑印刷过程控制的时候 , 那么印刷工业已经越来越关注 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在阳城三宝500kv传输线中 , 一种固定的系列电容 , 通过线传输的能量 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	路易斯坦和泰坦尼斯常被认为是姐妹船 , 事实上属于两个独立的所有者 , 但误差是理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但是目前的h1n1流感真的很明显 , 人们已经通过流感病毒传染猪、土耳其和铁 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	随着我与格兰维尔的愤怒渔民在一天的记录中竞争 , 试图从前一天的28只鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr , 83岁 , 现在是他的儿子30亿美元的教练 , 比尔&melinda盖茨基金会 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	而且 , 对于timo'illy的开放标志不仅是开发者 , 提到用户开源的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	北京仍有十万人死亡 , 上周的地震后 , 中国已经把第一张蓝色印刷放在重建后 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文结合目标变换因子分析和光谱图书馆搜索方法 , 提出了一种新方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	原因是 , 具有声结构和完整内容直接影响传动速度和专家系统的有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 液化效果提高了液化温度、催化剂量和液固比 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了宋华河水系统的冰性能 , 研究冰阻性能 , 然后研究冰断器的推进性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	紧缩的城市 , 州和联邦技术部已经是云承诺最迅速的一些组织 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	孩子进入门户来购买一个昂贵的吸附箱 , 试图为学校项目赚钱 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	由某些乳酸细菌所制成的ogrt制成的许多小小的小麦是否能将糖转化成长期的淀粉分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在规划经济时期 , 一组生产区域和住宅单位作为一个整个社区 , 为满足国家建设需要 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划还满足斯特恩的其他规划 , 为一个有效的绿色刺激着建筑效率和可再生能源的浓度 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 鲁迅是日本学生中最著名的中国作家 , 被称为 " hometown " 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单地讨论了敏捷方法的特点 , 并与传统软件开发方法相比 , 介绍了几种敏捷方法mo 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%患者的症状减少 , 囊肿显著降低或消失 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统操作简单 , 快速稳定 , 维护方便 , 接口友好 , 适用于其流行化和应用 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智能分析师一致认为 , 中国进步的速率都是经济和技术的 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	阿尔法亚thalassaemia是世界各地的遗传条件 , 特别是非洲和东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍原发脑损伤ct的分类 , 探讨其在诊断和预后中的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验表明 , 该模型描述了piezoc陶瓷活动器的行为有效 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	在gtaw联合微结构中 , 高温接头的低温影响强度比智能接头更好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要在孩子和孙子周围中心 , 寻找自己的社会圈子 , 这样 , 你就不会失望太多的期望 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	按照下列项目的绝对数量 , 应按照下列项的有效条件确定有效条件的数量 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公众是建设和加强政府和服务面向政府的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 要在圣地做服务 , 圣地服装亚伦牧师 , 和他的儿子的服装 , 到祭司办公室 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验分析了硅橡胶释放剂在室温下的表面处理时间的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾30例盆地板功能规律下的生物反馈疗法和护理资料 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引规律 , 由清晰、纯和集中思想组成的强大内容将开始吸引你的欲望的非常精确 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	重建心脏和心肌缺血区域 , 从电子束ct2维移植到心肌缺血区域 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	在前面的例子中 , 将x添加到脚本的开始和评论中 , 并执行它 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究旨在评价咖啡因摄入与肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用集成带来了多个应用程序和信息源 , 无用户直接调用 , 关注应用程序和数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	全国气候变化最脆弱的国家都是:索马里 , 缅甸 , 尼日 , 阿富汗 , 阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润现在正在达到2007年的前提峰值 , 但增长和稳定市场的差异越来越明星 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	此外 , fda可以启动一个管理器回忆 , 如果机构确定一个成年或错误的婴儿公式给人类健康带来的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	丹顿是一位强烈的消防队伍 , 一个令人愉快的政治展示员 , 他的光亮的戏剧演员在thrall举行了观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行风格接口 , 许多商业软件被使用 , 是从一个年轻的外国手中开始的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母超级治疗是严重溃疡性结肠炎患者的安全有效的方法 , 可以提高患者的组织学 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水控制的高质量技术解决方案有关 , 从任务到混合器 , 从传输到淋浴头和发芽 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构 , 提出了信息树的概念和新颖的抵抗措施 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	尽管疼痛 , 我会努力完美我的生活 , 不会对你们的爱 , 不会对你感到不满意 , 我和你玩10年的耐心玩笑 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	查塔乌拉格拉戈尔在法国花园的珍珠 , 由著名的三个兄弟哥哥戈尔在圣诞节上运行 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何构建课程设计的实施和管理体系 , 是系统地实施课程设计和培训综合应用人才的前提和保障 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	阿尔巴恩现在将领导一个挑战性 , 试图赢得个人机构 , 保证大多数需要批准该协议 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一所警察大学的演讲中 , zuma承认 , 南非有世界上最高的谋杀率之一 , 去年有18万人死亡 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警方在中国云南省和泰国港的船上发现了92000多个氨基片 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	向非洲中部发送军队 , 直接穆基冲突是干预主义添加量越来越严重的症状 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	测试结果证明 , qh4节能设备具有显著的燃料 , 对任何道路条件下的任何模型进行节能效果 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	对于clivus来说 , 这种方法很明显 , 但可以提供广泛的曝光 , 如同两边矩阵omy的方法达到一样的方法 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三人意识到 , 战争中是胜利的关键 , 因此 , 改变了他们刚刚的年龄 , 自从开始开始以来 , 他们已经传播了 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	基于orlando、生产和制造业的模拟系统 , 包括其现实和鲁棒的模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法的基本思路 , 为地面结构安排提供监管 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的规模远远远大 , 许多美国人认识到根品牌改革并非临时修复 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅通过开发经济 , 而且在合理收入分配系统的基础上 , " 社会财富 " 的基础上 , 政府不仅会使 " 社会财富 " 变得更大 。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	在治疗250mpa压力下 , 阿司匹克的新鲜时间达到了1824天 , 手术时间15分钟 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	这是一个相似的塑料前面和橡胶的小板 , 作为79美元的非触摸模式 , 但随着更少的按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	因为我们的团队需要用户连接到数据库并建立多个jbos容器 , 我们使用板来促进网站特定信息的用户 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 在第一眼中 , 这些光和粒子的互动似乎像魔法一样 , " 极性分子是量子光学的光学 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个邪恶的王 , 克劳迪斯正在为他父亲和妹妹死亡的悲伤和愤怒 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论通过观察病理大片和正确的观察 , 我们可以发现循环边界渗透 , 应该是手术后常规检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	地面上没有捕食 , 盐马什 , 当喷气爆炸出来的时候 , 喷气的遗迹从浦城市的尼佛机场下降了一些距离 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国经历了相似的经验 , 在战争贫困和追求发展中 , 我们完全欣赏他们面临的艰难和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	将数据交换为客户机和服务的格式定义为xml服务的xml模式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题 , 据报道 , 一些美国媒体指责中国黑客进入五角洲网络 , 并对我们战斗机喷射的信息进行编译 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 南非人口的平均人口只有9.2%的人口定义为白人 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了水果中含有丰富的蛋白质、脂肪和碳水化合物 , 还有各种基本维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	员工满意度可分别解释公司转变注意力 , 工作性能49.38% , 58.46% 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	欧文对一个年轻的成绩进行贡献 , 打击邮件 , 并强制了从罗伯托阿伯托·阿本扎尼里的最佳节约 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	1920世纪早期 , 民事化记者出现 , 是政治和经济体制的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双色荧光和流细胞分析方法对不同布局时间、血液时间和洗洗时间的结果进行了比较 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	美联储已经将我们的两个世界级目标抢劫 , 我们的灵感领袖jt , 信息翼手roben和影响中场乔布尔 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车音频和视频、塔克机、智能计、太阳能计、电力汽车、电力工具、军事应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	杰米·威尔逊说: " 只有一半小时才能帮助别人能够对你的生活和他们的生活有真正的区别 。 "
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	鉴于我们保障公共卫生的责任 , 这种情况的倾向官员面临这样的情况 , 几乎总是错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在新兴市场和发展中国家的改革中工作了更多的协议 , 以提高发展中国家的代表 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	还有 。 和 。 ...............-------------------------------------------------------------------------
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对怀孕妇女的影响更紧张 , 更可能承认他们 , 但怀孕妇之间的死亡率很高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	有趣的是 , 我的朋友 , 还有一些笑话 , 为了乐趣 , 只有很多阿根影片只是对杰德的观众 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	当我们在斯托克霍姆大学物理教授安装第六次战争时 , 更多的抵抗被遇到 , 然后作为董事 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的是安全版本 , 但我不认为历史上有一个单个案例 , 在那里 , 炸弹威胁被称为 " 和炸弹 " 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这意味着不同成员的意味着 , 不同成员米克海尔·莱布姆诺夫说 , kgb退休的殖民地 , 以及一个著名的冷战间谍 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们还发现 , 男女工和女工的方法几乎没有差异 , 建议在薪酬谈判中 , 职业驱动妇女只是 " 竞争力 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	丹尼洛说: " 我们在欧洲和亚洲都有 " 正确的联系 " 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然的陶瓷 , 如洪水、热带循环、托纳多和潮水瓶 , 这几乎每年都发生了悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	soap<>cobol非xml变换可以与ibmwebsphere转换器开发 , 以便在门户处理策略中执行消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	结论:hbo结合nimipine和音乐的形态变化较少 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际探索方法 , 利用地震波实现的地震波实现了周围岩稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	虽然这大范围内有很多实用和政治困难 , 但它的好处可能超过碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	比如 , 一些新闻:现代 " 科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等引入 , 来自传统汉语的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻造、润滑油泵喷雾、延伸齿轮寿命 , 确保长期印刷色彩精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	清明节 " 河景 " 的著名图片也将在中国电影中展示中国古城的魅力 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受的时候 , 这个知识的结果每次都被锻炼 , 它的权力总是直接向它的笑容 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	无基督徒相信 , 终结能理解上帝的王国 , 即使上帝的王国不足以理解任何有害的人 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高节能风隧道试验 , 研究了矩形变换和前身的超声波进口 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果mutanolysin和sozyme能够成功地解决细菌墙壁 , 并从bifid细菌中提取血浆 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨乙酮的疗效和安全性 , 作为对帕金森尼亚病人穿刺电动脉冲的临床疗效 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子膨胀阀的流动特性 , 应适应超热增益 , 在不同蒸发温度下对冷却流量的影响 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	11岁和索洛门为他的家庭提供了2万只小麦作为食物 , 除了2万个浴缸 , 外 , 橄榄油中还有2万只 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定在2001年以来在甘肃省基本教育项目运行的欧芝那基本教育项目下进行一些缺陷的学生 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef临床疗效和毒性作为当地先进乳腺癌治疗新型化疗治疗的临床疗效 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	为了加强组织和协调 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步加强医药行业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	该喷射器在动画段中可看到 , 任何一个印度彩象征的侧面 , 以庆祝国家独立70年 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车、大型、小型飞行车、箱辆、观光汽车 , 无论是私人汽车或公司汽车都是上海贷款 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了对触摸屏的物理变化 , 触摸屏的技术也在移动设备上使用了新的软件互动 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择蓝莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 草莓酱 , 菠萝酱 , 芒果酱 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行业的发展面临着各种挑战 , 包括光纤多样化、企业在外世界和发展中国家的竞争 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	电子输送部件和光合功能相当不同 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	探讨改良型ttvp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 提高tvp3的融合蛋白质类型对免疫系统的效果 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了不同参数对桩壁壁的大直径圆质稳定性的影响 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	你们的一些人都不会做什么 。 相信它 , 有百万富翁和百万富翁 , 在我们之间 , 相对正常 , 金钱意识的人中 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	前军科伦塞尔在1969年在27岁的唐德时代已经完全改变了这个国家 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	斯蒂文·杰拉德今天拯救利物浦的德比日胜利 , 并坚持红军正在为第四场赢得比赛的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了大规模细胞培养、环境控制、遗传技术和材料管理的一些方法 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	离开的yi并不知道cilia , 并且拖动了这个危险的话题 , 这并不好 , 请求一个与破碎品种的个性 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	据《土地丹麦》报道 , 利物浦正在歌唱埃斯堡的年轻人尼科尔rt 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	沙街南18号法国信用农业银行沙街60号 , 江南通讯是新古典作品 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	大学思想政治前线工作的教师是思想政治工作的基层指挥者和教育者 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct电流变压器是使用amter、控制电路和保护继电器的仪器变压器 , 通常有5个ampere二级 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 剩下几天 , 然后在一个步骤中 , 干燥的果肉 , 公园层和绿色种子都是扭转的 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声修正方法相比 , 在snr相对较低时 , 非线性配件更好 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	简介:小宝和母亲给了母亲付了尊重他的坟墓 , 小宝突然陷入bug洞 , 回到10年之前 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务流程竞争中心可以提供一个中央存储库来解决这些需求的信息 , 并且在云中拥有它很容易访问 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	通过实验测量相对相同的计算 , 得出了一种降低尺度模型的表面温度分布的结果 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	作为聚合物填料 , 被认为是一种重要方向 , 可降低聚合物产品成本 , 提高产品性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	在10月28日 , 迈克尔·波兰在纽约时报杂志上发表的一封信给总统奥巴马 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人 , 质量第一 " 是我们的网络 , 金津人将继续创造合作产品 , 我们激励您建立未来依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:冠状折射器具有最好的抗腐蚀特性 , 因此在此窑中应用最适合于柱状 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 给我国市场带来机遇和赌博 , 信用已成为限制社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在斯坦多夫期间 , 六艘美国战舰围绕着种子船 , 以确保武器在挥发区域内不采取其他地方 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	杂交字符明显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显显示孕期、水果设置日期、水果尺寸和颜色如果混合人群都趋于胎儿父母 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但是 , 即使体重对气候变化的影响不完全回答 , 这是答案的必要部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有新颖的结构 , 可耐用 , 特别适用于各种各样的货车轮胎修复 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	来自西方大地区的刘南亚 , 这些被称为sammogitia , 其中最重的婴儿单位是刘南军队的 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	进一步分析了该模型的抗摩擦和噪声产生机理 , 给出了这种新概念研究的方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左颈颈切除术治疗颈椎癌和部分颈颈椎切除术治疗上胸部的病变 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	缓慢预期的增长已经促使联邦储备的预计 , 可能会发出另一轮债券购买 , 试图长期借款成本降低 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了山西土壤水分含量及其在路堤和切割坡的动力学 , 在蒙古沙漠表达公路中 , 研究了土壤水分含量和土壤水分动力学 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会表示 , 今天美国大学教师任命的六十八% 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量计、集成传感器、转换器和集成器对该点进行显示 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	照明中的分布代表了世界贸易中心失去的双塔 , 它只显示在五年前9/11袭击的许多记忆之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该信任那些犯错误的人 , 而他们的态度仍然不好 ; 他们应该被剥夺当前的排名和完美的排名 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制剂基因pten诱导人膀胱转移癌细胞u87的疗效及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的资本是博登尼 , 其领导人一般是pica 。 卫生手机一天都在阅读者们对idy假日的信息采取更多的信息 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	qcg系列常规运动管道安装泵用来处理清洁水或其他液体类似于物理和化学性能 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	无常规药物 , 例如bovinespng形心理病 , 与人类各种切割型糖尿病有关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	通过介绍一种降阶观测器重构外系统状态 , 解决了ootc法的物理可实现问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	针对粗集理论中的连续间值属性 , 提出了一种方法 , 强调分离性的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	中国航空防御系统在11月展示了强烈的重点 , 强调出口市场的多功能武器 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔应该保护安静的环境法庭的加工 , 可以使用tranquilizer来减少患者的痉挛、瘫痪和痛苦 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 应该nilmar到达一个替代品 , 伍尔夫斯堡可能愿意降低他们的价格 , 减少他们的价格 , 让罗斯尼里发出警察 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动循环识别并行混合电动车辆的自适应控制策略 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	随着信任研究的多学科互动和omnibearing的现状 , 对其哲学维度进行检查 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	霍萨因和他的同事们的长期研究表明 , 大坝特别改变了干旱或半干旱地区的极端沉淀模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿对苏联后院的影响 , 美国政策在重大程度下降 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年 , 两个德国代理的捕获被发现了两种这样的代码 , 英国智能已经重复失败 , 声明的文件揭示了 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新型稳定添加剂 , 提高了含有非基本氮化合物的ccs柴油燃料的颜色变化和沉积形成 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	2007年第三季度 , 净收入达到5400万美元 , 或每股4美分 , 从净收入15100万美元 , 或11美分 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	虽然英语最受欢迎的字母 , 但它并不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时代主席阿瑟·苏尔伯格周二在新设备的投资中拒绝评论 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	wfms应用范围扩展和应用程序实际上扩展了工作流的个性 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指部长进入一个大源 , 然后迅速从工人中间抽出来 , 用水洗在各种组件上 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	另一方面 , 麦克伦南感觉更加在控制和说 , 她喜欢她前工作的方面 , 尤其是 " 党 " 的机会 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	由于我们每周花了40个小时或多个小时 , 对于你的健康和长寿来说 , 您的工作的地方和可能 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	在使用odbc时 , 这是一个冗余的实践 , 因为配置纯粹是应用程序的初始化 , 而odbc函数对数据库系统具有一定的稳定性 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在八年之后回到巴基斯坦 , 在卡拉奇前几个月内 , 自杀炸弹生存了一个自杀炸弹 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分为糖尿病 , 给了半个安慰剂 , 用扩张释放niacin , 提高血液中hdl水平 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	你可以伸展它 , 说 , 一个工程改善人类健康的例子 , 从一个地方到另一个地方 , 但这比我要做的更多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者周一表示 , 随着亚洲和欧洲的波动 , 道琼下跌643.76点 , 或超过5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是我从网上找到的恒星配置的一个线图 , 您更好地做这个很好的环境 , 或者很容易结束燃烧的esc 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 佛教思想的研究比其他人更少 , 尤其是大成秦元的内容和意义研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的规定 , 由sarbanesoxley在美国的sarbanesoxley行为鼓励 , 其他措施设计清理公司的行为将是spur 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	您可以嵌入媒体来更好地说明一个主题 , 为自己建立信用性 , 同时与其他人合作 , 提高你的knol 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	本文叙述了mvc2的思想 , 基于mvc2的访问控制管理系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	斯蒂尔接下来向cnn宣布 , 利比亚ug的评论是突出丑陋的 , 促进利比亚对斯蒂尔的能力领导党的能力 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更可能涉及城市娱乐中心 , 蒸汽黑顶 , 或者在公共池里或火水液转化泉 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	利用这些参考 , 我国应完成现有的教育投资体系 , 给出基本教育的优先发展 , 加强教育机构等 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	北朝鲜说 , 袭击岛屿 , 杀了两名士兵和两名民兵 , 因为南方忽视警告不会在岛周围爆发的争端水 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:可以在整个策略的基础上实现创造性思想 , 我们可以从用户经验优化实现最好的结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	然而 , 在超级机器人战争中 , 作者肯诺克苏拉还指出 , 法律行动的报告没有被采取 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着我国的战略和领导产业 , 高科技产业吸引了很多fdi 。 逐步 , fdi成为我国高科技产业的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季度 , aol表示 , 自己的成员占了36%独特的访问者 , 但产生了80%的页面视图 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但是最终我们决定跳过去 , 回到巴克哈 , 沿着我们的旅行者安贾和加入 , 还在探索这个城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	改变加利福尼亚宪法 , 禁止堕胎 , 直到48小时后 , 物理学家通知小鼠父母或法律卫生 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	由于非正常的内皮核分裂 , 大多数种子吸收的胚胎可能会发展到全球胚胎相位 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理教育应该教授专业知识 , 使独立思维和培养生命学习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总战争特色是我们最新发展的品牌新发动机 , 首次介绍了全部3d海军战争 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生们可以使用知识和方法 , 他们将在本课程中学习相关材料 , 并在未来遇到法律问题时找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论在角膜上皮下乳化的满意度 , 以治疗由物理和力学因素引起的牛肉瘤病变 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	政治家们总是在原始时谈到人口主义克拉帕普 , 奥巴马先生实际上承诺自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	wii上的wi模式在其它地方进行同样的设计 , 比较你的发型选项 , 对于某种颜色和三种风格选择有限的原因 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本论文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律收集权 , 完全运动权利 , 才能有效地保护自己的工作权利和利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	同一联合国峰会上 , 奥巴马总统提出了强烈的扭转 , 但在他面对国内反对的时候 , 没有什么物质 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿在2008年民主提名中回来了几次 , 有时通过声音邮件 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践是希望实施、物质探索和今天天的外部戏剧现象的展示 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	平衡输入信号从任何真正平衡的球员将通过完全平衡 , 直到达到平衡的头电话输出连接器 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为 " 阿萨纳 " , 聚集世界大权力和各种政治 , 美国认识中亚是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	英国哥伦比亚大学最常见的人是gregiczals , 目前在英国哥伦比亚大学 , 在那里他在软件模块研究工作 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型的帮助可能有足够的工作培训 , 方向 , 运输 , 或者其他支持让个人保留自己或她的职业 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	有一个场景 , 苏金终于去了她和永敏住的房子 , 终于包装了她所有的东西 , 然后把钥匙放到邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元法分析外循环对电导混凝土的影响 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp经理说 , 他们经常听说‘potus已经命令’这样 , 'potus'beington缩短 , 而且对于美国总统的 " 华盛顿 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2美国认识国际机构、外国政府和其他员工的代表以及他们立即家庭成员 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 海关签署的相关进口宣言形式 , 由海关发行 , 应当提交任何外汇交易的支付 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	基于板体和壳体的经典理论 , 采用两元有限产量条件作为材料产量标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	中国与马来西亚和新加坡保持良好的经济贸易关系 , 三国是互相贸易伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	本月的专栏为ibm支持者提供了更深入的描述 , 包括最新的特点 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1例较好的cap岩条件可改变煤炭甲烷散射和间接抑制甲烷吸附 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的照片显示 , 几十名学生在贾基体育厅内玩坏人顿 , 这装备了一个空气净化系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	图5说明了脉冲宽度生成器的一个例子 , 根据本发明的另一个实施 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一条街道破坏后 , 金宝街是一条街道和传统的院院院 , 只是王府东区的东部 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上个星期 , 法国民族组装投票回到新西兰的各个博物馆的16个maoris头 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国在建立和平建设委员会 , 协调更有效的联合和平、后冲突重建和发展 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系的劳动法 , 劳动法对劳动关系的调整 , 应该是劳动关系的特殊性 , 劳动关系的狭窄感 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师做了 , 他们会创造一个日本产品 , " 希特希·奥斯基解释说 , 他总部巴拿逊海外运营 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	花岗岩提供了许多水果和蔬菜的黑色颜色 , 比如蓝莓和红椒 , 它们是黑米 " 黑 " 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站表示 , 几乎地震相关的捕捉结果是从崩溃墙、飞行玻璃和降落物 。
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部大分区范围的景观主要由平原和高原组成 ; 麦当尼尔在全国中心附近的宏观景观是一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的新闻 , 微型计算机锁定其他地板的门 , 并设置回收容器 , 直到右键直到右键键 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	干旱严重 , 从早期猪到成熟 , 其强度和时间超过正常年类型 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	高级副总裁、高级副总裁、塔贾酒店的销售和营销 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国很高兴宣布 , 与亚太比利亚比尔德和阿德·ljic加入俱乐部的球员达成协议 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我跨越开发中国家 , 问自己最大的单一解释经济性能的多样性 , 它落在这个领域 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前已完成了许多项目外重击框架 , 但对于这种框架设计方法有很少研究 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是通过气体直接燃烧锂吸收式冷却器实现冬冷却和冷却 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	我的身体位置 , 随着我的射线和脚趾之间的网球陷入了 , 与您的接触点相似 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	采用扫描电镜对l929细胞进行多孔壳聚糖膜和生物相容观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚洲大学的精神意味着不同时期的意义不同 , 但qianmu的发展中华文化的怀抱始终在其中 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	camides是细胞膜中发现的脂肪类型 , 而且它们也作为身体应力响应的信号 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司已经建立其现金水平到609亿美元 , 包括股权和其他投资3月 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	据报道 , 今年8月 , 政治家和公众关注的官方工作不足率 , 公众周五报道 , 收集者的注意力为9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法对241例手术切除指标的最后病理诊断进行比较 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然地理景观 , 由人类作为一种旅游资源 , 我们称之为旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角度:它变绿色 , 因为soda水含碱 , 如soda水转化成绿色 , 被称为碱物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着舞蹈的发展 , 社会的开放 , 永久剧院变成了唐代的存在 , 永久剧院变得更频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	汽车框架是脚板类型结构舒适、方便 , 可明显降低骑手劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食物的变化很容易 , 影响饮食的感觉 , 通常会满足护理吸收的情况 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他从温州到美国9月21日逃离 , 由于中国银行和个人信用者 , 离开15亿元债务 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心表示 , 地震测量了3.8在丰富的尺度 , 中心约80公里的悉尼西南部 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于推出时 , 他的宝石和腹部组织被从身体上升 , 他就死了 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属框架复合材料 " 广泛应用于石油、化学、药物、食品、储存和运输等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求编程工具集应适用于标准程序的标准程序的标准程序 , 以提供编程工具集 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	本课程要求基本问题如何是自然定量化的电荷 ? 为什么我们不能找到一个孤立的磁体或南极 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	6月7日 , 2010年6月7日 , 巴拉特亚湾深水平洋溢油池上一艘死亡的涡轮浮动 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论lukocytecd18水平和mpo在大鼠岛损伤中增加和白细胞数量减少 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计将要求150个吉尔姆斯负责阿富汗警察培训任务 , 进一步从中世纪国家进一步150个 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们认为 , omc实施是欧盟现实选择 , 尽管欧盟不足以帮助欧盟实现健康保健整合 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	第五章包括vor的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是 , 太阳在我们的背上 , 有限时间去走 , 为什么在我们看到的时候 , 所有神秘保存 , 从基础硅的ramparts 。
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	由于rgs进入10年 , 大约有10个高产率、高质量水稻品种 , 给吉林省带来了巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类广告、印刷和网上 , 看看什么可用 , 以及在特别邻居里的速率 , 获得最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	最近 , 170个座位波音727在墨西哥的索诺沙漠的远部部分中 , 在一个独特的航空实验中 , 被制造成一个控制的方式 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我在试验开始讲判断 , 我们通常必须在日常生活中跳出结论 , 因为这项试验的目的 , 现在悬挂了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	这实际上是我所描述的 , 这里是参与的意义的平衡 , 它是通过parlarytre的locus , 被指定为权力 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了fog成像多散射模型 , 并给出了基于图像bur程度的雾含量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	作为一项完全国内种子和遗传系统的silkworm , 被认为是遗传系统的理想模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机回到500英尺的1500英尺 , 修改我的飞机 , 为了展示中心 , 我高达500英尺的500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者不要做出冲突决策 , 比如液化他们的低风险政府债券 , 以便只需一分钟的绿色纸账单 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他的青年中 , 律师基斯基斯通常与他的父亲在政治和宗教上冲动 , 但他也承认他爸爸的承诺帮助贫穷和家庭无家 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果和大多数性能 , 城市可以从10个男人中获得心 , 直到第二个目标进入 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该叫这些iphone类似 , 触摸屏屏幕wfi手机 , 音乐和视频 , 真正的web浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 传感器 , 以及上面 , 应用程序存储 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果自动旋转km-5000d微震系统包括三个部分:微切割系统、双电子动力设备和控制面板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方作品的印象 , 盖茨基金会决定采用预防模型 , 并在12个省内复制它 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管今月早些时候美国错误 , 英国航空公司将加入ib.法国、德国和意大利 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	另一方面 , 随着企业内部贸易和内部贸易的增加 , 由多国公司带来的贸易有积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动图将显示投资者如何在购买更多的微软选项时如何变化 , 或持有更少的中国股票 , 或短的石油价格 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	由于新英格兰医学报道 , 他们和他们的患者对罗斯坦酮的心血管安全性非常担心 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	几种昆虫类包括啤酒和凯特ids活跃地血液 , 但采取这种极端措施的好处并不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民事应用中得到广泛应用 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 给出了灰度、灰度和混凝土厚度 ;
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	周二能源价格很容易 , 每桶134.01美元的石油价格在加仑4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	官方说 , 尽管其所有者缺乏六个要求许可证 , 但在国有矿业全面观看的状态属性上运行 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国人来说 , 他们希望从那些国家学到的东西 , 我们可以学到的 , 同时 , 由潜在的假设或歧视我们可能会获得奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州长在6月第三日宣布 , 华盛顿在6月的父亲节的第三天里 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	世界领导国际卫生组织今天呼吁加快联合行动的发展和许可 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面对南方捕捉最好的观点 , 拥有超过2.5米以防止玻璃到下面的房间里 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	设计您的线程安全类 , 可以在多线程应用程序中使用 , 简单地作为非线程安全类 , 但具有更高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	1979年至199年 , 美国的生产力越来越多 , 从1970年到1990年 , 美国生产力越来越慢1.4% 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	然而 , 研究人员建议 , 如果减弱趋势继续 , 即使在6月到9月夏季季季季季季 , 月份 , 可能会有更严重的循环 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 文章从研究背景和课程的基础上 , 探讨了哈河的再生和转换的实例 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气通过传统真空注射器的大面积 , 因此它的大型压缩空气消耗较高 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	民主党这样的民主党人对布什行政的赤字大大大程度上 , 继承预算过剩 , 但留下了赤字办公室 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了在公共互联网上出现的sparql终点外 , 其他人出现在火墙后面 , 以缓解企业数据跨silo查询 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据《时报》报道 , 布莱尔的妻子陈丽·布莱尔在20世纪中期是一位火车律师 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	在距离战斗中 , 任何战斗者从未出现形状或暴力跑出气体 , 但两者都倾向于在12周围的一半左右 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	此结果可以通过数值显示 , 并通过图形在开发的软件中直接看到 , 除此之外 , 工作界面很容易用于工人使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	您现在可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员认证 , 以便使用您的管理员用户 , 留下wpserverid只使用服务器进程 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvc类似模型 , 但您可以应用丰富的web应用程序背景到任何模型和页面设计方法的基本原理 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能导致平均收入 , 同时注意持续良好 , 许多俱乐部已经冻结或减少票价 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	在电视台上 , 一位新闻记者声明 , 副总统在历史上拥有最大的战争支持 , 因此奥德森最喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的双向性能 , 设计了一种双向高精度的高精度高温控制器 , 具有广泛的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	尽管福特公司去年是美国最佳销售汽车 , 但在2010年最高的十个列表中有六个外国拥有的模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 在释放液体和汗后不开放卵巢 , 形成卵巢囊肿 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们只是像其他公司一样竞争 , " 公平场 " , 康纳最近在其网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	2003年 , 他面临了一项关于法国的调查 , 他的性感袭击了一名年轻小说家 , 以及纽约的一名民事服装 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适性是最好的 , 凝结的风险比填充式天花板操作时的风险要低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的是 , 他和他的妻子每月收到约600元 ; 在繁忙的时候 , 生产运行至2am , 他们可以回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和灵感方面扔几句话 , 信心 , 爱 , 妥协 , 除非你在他们身上行动 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论在周五在北空中航空界逮捕了一个小爆炸 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队在过去的许多 " 偶像 " 风格选择展示 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们把它们看作非常类似的事情 , " 28岁的助理教授伊里克说 , " 他们都是创造性过程 。
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的运动提高了预算和税收政策 , 他可能试图展示反对成员的相反成员 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一个泰勒公司把样本发送给我 , 我不喜欢样本 , 然后我把样本送到a/c上 , 他同样做了 , 现在我们做了很好的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	对35例rti与血锌值的关系进行比较 , 无rti患者40例的血锌值比较 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择之后 , 主题将会发现一个银柱: " 用一个破碎的腿 , 我可以躺在床上看电视 , 无罪 。 "
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文采用宁波作为对象 , 详细的研究和搜索目前科技资源的现状 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	在交通事故中 , 由非摩托车司机或行车司机引起的损失 , 汽车车辆的驱动机不应承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金包装商 " 项目 , 因此政府将采购新车替代旧能源工程车辆广泛使用 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	本文讨论了双共振振振荡的阈值条件 , 当信号光的吸收系数不同时 , 采用双共振振振振荡的阈值条件 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人访问外国 , 甚至访问香港 , 我国的一部分 , 很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	支持者在2007年8月15日在卡卡萨斯州国家组装建建筑外准备了巨大的不可避免的数字 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	采用计算机仿真方法对agw电接触材料的电阻率、w元件和孔度的影响进行了分析 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰与美学的约会 , 提出了精确的对称表现和对称表现 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	路透洛杉矶到华盛顿 , 作为反war抗议者阻止了主要的交通 , 一些连锁自己一起 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为一个下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它通过异步串行端口交换命令和数据 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的要求越来越关键于微波通信设备的性能 , 包括copler、分割器 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	徐子的历史观 , 圣与道之间的关系不仅具有逻辑一致性 , 而且在不同历史阶段也具有丰富多样的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许芝加达通过客户请求的颜色传递香蕉 , 这些颜色都会在绿色到深黄色的9点范围上下降 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在这里 , 一旦加工花费核燃料棒的网站 , 一个不寻常的纺织厂正在建立商店来服务汽车体建设行业 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	同时也展示了一种高度的生殖能力 , tcb是一种非侵入性、简单、易于监测和筛查设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	几千英尺的地下 , 水晶洞穴只是一系列闪烁的洞穴之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	kopeck文化性能主要表现在打击概率之前 , 在赛季中期 , 比赛kopeck拍摄平均只占36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	由于最小侵袭手术仍然是 " 主要 " 手术 , 所有的并发症如心脏攻击、卒中甚至死亡都很少 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	建江 , 深建县本土早清时期 , 佛教名叫香港 , 是新南艺术学校的首席领 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了南omcapsule完成的羊毛织物的智能化调节原理 , 建立了理想的热吸热模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学 , 程序 , 计算机 , 系统管理 , 正确建立我们的目标的最佳产品 。 完成质量程序满足客户 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山大金矿是我国第一硬岩采矿 , 采用机械上层滑动阻止填料方法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	在数据库表中 , 所有的值都加密了用户提供的相同密码 , 同一个加密算法和相同的cipher模式 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	比尔伯龙美国拍摄这部电影 , 8个外国 , 总部万纳贝和一个挑选的珠宝 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	针对曲线形式的逆向拱形弯曲 , 在稍微的传递、连续玻璃包装和优雅的周围 。
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	本文叙述了宝钢家用预制钢的进展 , 提出了生产质量、品种和问题 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	五十世纪早期的工艺运动 , 拒绝整个机构 , 试图通过强调机器和电影来排除当代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	前部劳动合同制度 , 注意到许多问题 , " 第五条要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同有效时间提供有效的合同 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通讯产品、个人数码助理、观看钟、各种仪器、办公机、电脑、汽车音频玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	最初的意义是 , 狐狸借着老虎对其他动物的灵活 , 它的延伸意义是由某人影响的虚拟人而产生的影响 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马高血压大鼠心脏保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	实例 , 建立了水电工程 , 为铝电解厂提供了大量的电力 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	它是吸烟烟叶和烟雾暴露的类型 , 给烟草留下了不同的味道 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们主要集中在基于多级分区策略的索引器和搜索器设计的基础上 , 提出了一种新的索引分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨血流变化对脑功能活动的影响 , 比较自由爱滋病rpd恢复后血流变化的影响 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	提出了多变量预测极分配自调控制回收算法的稳定性和全局收敛性能 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种平板热管制造方法 , 包括以下步骤:提供上盖板和下盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	那座寺里的主要建筑是大厦 , 超级大厅 , 钟塔 , 脚本中离子 " 夜钟钟 " , 马普河第一层地板 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于沥青混凝土材料的温度依赖于自然 , 测量的反射 , 因此 , 通过温度变化的结构能力 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年吴丽在国内外地位和国际地位的战略目标进行战略目标 , 作为观察人口合理规模的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	采用氨基亚合成气 , 直接制备脂肪氮的催化剂 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同样 , 学者认为:itch基本上是由浅层皮层的边界感官经验的特殊德玛 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 该系统可以使用软件或硬件处理紧急情况 , 如给出异常、功率、停止电荷、停止放电等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是适应经济的重要手段 , 税收管理的安排可以大大地影响非稳定企业的发展 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	根据利物浦报道 , 如果利比昂被关闭 , 最高将在大气中燃烧 , 底部将会使地面变成 " 地面 " 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	德国核反应堆终于关闭时 , 德国核反应堆的核反应堆的中央联合会出现了一天 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	应用隐喻理论、家庭道德体系和当代美国政治研究总统演讲的双重意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	内部人士指出 , 两家公司现在将在更低的利润销售 , 期望本市场份额 , 依靠高盈比赛的应用 , 获得利润 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 变化在全世界最快的疾病负担之一 , 今天报道了许多地区的病例 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫菲利亚社会1645岁女性的调查显示 , 关注时期的70%的患者有关于gp的讨论 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 您可能会遇到xml数据转换为xhtml的任务来传送一个吸引性、互动性和可用于移动用户和各种浏览器的接口 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	正确的顾问可以帮助您建立一个固体基金 , 以及一旦你打开你的门 , 你就可以帮助你建立一个固体的基金 , 同时 , 就像一个圣经的职业咨询师或金融规划师一样 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢现在的洋葱 , " 洋葱 " , 被一些nasa工程师描述为 " apollo " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	工作进入wee小时完全失败工作平衡 , 导致你错过时间与爱人相比 , 而且经常不超过 , 导致你失去睡眠的时候 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在库尔德传奇中 , 节日庆祝库尔德的交付 , 被看作是库尔德原因的另一条示范支持 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	首先 , 乘客们得到了同样的价格 , 同样的价格 , 因为自由的玻璃 , 教练乘客支付6美元去通道冲浪 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动比越南等地方更昂贵 , 为什么我们在那些廉价国家制造的时候还不能做出努力 。
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选择适宜的加固方法 , 比较各种加固方案 , 如注射根桩、非滑桩、锚杆等 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是 , 他的辞职很可能接受 , 但没有决策 , " 总统蓝宫官员告诉金融时代 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文采用多尺寸小波分解和sssan操作符合成图像处理 , 然后快速获得特征点的位置 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	一份 " 坏的苹果 " 可以传播负面行为 , 比如病毒带来办公室友或毁坏良好的团队 , 根据工作场所的一项新的研究发现冲突 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 这是关于产品开发能力的全部 , " 日本第三个社会网络运营商yoshikazu塔纳 , 日本首席执行官 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还派了《孤儿》的照片 , 并告诉我关于照片 , 或者 " 妈妈 " , 因为他们被称为 " , 大多数年轻的海地妇女都是自己的家庭 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	这里我想要警告所有的亲戚 , 人们接近我 , 这些服务将使用所有的手段 , 并试图杀死和液体化我 , 社交或专业 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	然而 , 很快就从雨林转移到气候变化和有机农业等问题 , 现在亚马逊在1980年代消失了相同的速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	公司表示 , 由于可编程的逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利的部门 , 占65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第十四条政府可能要求通信企业采取必要的措施 , 为自然灾害事件或紧急急事件事件提供公共兴趣 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他把注意力集中在公司已经允许用户通过音乐播放器应用程序和类似的网站上进行音乐家页面 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生找到完整的工作 , 他的妻子拿了一份时间工作 , 看着家的两个孩子 , 一个女儿刘靖俊 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	由于没有人知道 , 唐南的战争纪念物馆捐赠的战争纪念碑 , 高级联合国人也不知道他是谁 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	有一个全球文件更新意味着头痛少 , 只要记住在添加或删除用户时更新它 , 然后将它推出到所有的框中 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	基于我们建议的关键字 , 我们购买了几个关键字url , 因为任何地方从100到4000美元的url 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们讨论了如何从webspherre环境中获取信息 , 但如何将信息推到监控工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	本文重点构建一个合理的数据结构 , 实现固体建模的基本功能 , 如旋转、动物、潘和部分视角等 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	81岁的菲利斯环 , 科罗拉多 , 在丹佛投资足球场的最后一个地区看着她的轮椅演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	伍尔夫兰特别激动的一个发展是使用伍尔夫拉姆阿尔法的能力理解和计算自然语言查询来创建数学程序 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一位年轻的婚姻女士 , 工作于一个孤立的农场 , 骄傲的生长花 , 一天 , 她突然觉得自己的技能与她沟通 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者预计在工作文化、接触、编写应用程序和学习专业协会上花6090分钟 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经运动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军舰队和一艘坦克舰在120英里半径内运行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	卡卡萨斯 , 委内瑞拉 , 一架飞机在东部的委内瑞拉撞击了51人 , 官员称 , 33人死亡 , 至少14人死亡 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	由国家透露当局寻求7590名中国、50名美国、40名马来西亚人和3470名英国人 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好看起来 , 一个女人在科罗拉多丹佛商学院的学习中被认为是 " 男人 " 的机会 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安德里亚·皮尔洛早期被防御墙所带来的自由基础 , 而清晰的种子和csp两者都有半机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京北京第一次记录 , 北京发现的三倍体小鼠感染是第一次记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	据世界新闻报道 , 英国王子威廉将于2012年结婚他的长期女朋友凯特·米德尔顿 , 在伦敦奥运会的埃及 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件设置使用inotes6.ntf模板时 , 它将所有的设计元素继承到这个模板中 , 并且继承共享形式文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 采用双步法制备的苯丙烯塑料主要是用htma处理 , 这种方法将释放htma , 从htma中 , 这将腐蚀铜或铜部件 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是克拉珀铁路的高度依赖于马什 , 包括菲德勒克拉伯斯 , 饮食阶段 , 现在他们将在石油到达的情况下去 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	圣彼得堡的俄罗斯援助组织的领导人阿尔克萨拉·威纳说: " 政府说 , 所有的东西都很好 。 "
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们发现没有一类药物被喷洒 , " alineproston说 , 解释的反咖啡药物部长阿琳·帕斯托森说 , " 这不仅仅是原发药物 。
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	用ergostine内容 , 发现三甲状腺瘤结核tr6和神经检测cb2的神经细胞生物量与神经元素的含量有较好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试完成率 , 我们回顾了2008年1月和2009年2月艾滋病病患者的所有诊所记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	在我国采取精确的民众任务是一个困难的任务 , 其中有数百万名移民工在乡村的官方地址 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳市地铁车辆通信控制系统 , 提出了实现原理和实际应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	改进的malachite绿色法利用malachite绿色染色和molibdate , 形成了一种稳定的有机磷酸盐 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页的总长度 , 超过120多名学校委员会决定是平等主义 , 三分之二没有证明圣经图书 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	年轻的爸爸、澳大利亚和美国科学家昨天出版的报告中发现 , 孩子们的父亲可能比年轻的父亲更少 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	采用wmtc测试周期和ftp、ece排放测试周期的ride特征 , 研究了wmtc测试周期的ride特征及其差异 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	艾伦长的原始是女性叙事 , 它是由作家的性别决定的 , 并展示女性解构大师 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁抗标设备的新型参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一种来源 , 我们可以从白建永个人生活经验、宗教情感和对外文学遗产的影响 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的放射图检查显示 , 比对照组4周后 , 格林斯观察显示了大量的新骨轨迹 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	瓦拉斯哈德里尔说: " 所有从拉里斯和所有的橡胶扔下了切尔积累和复合物 , 就像在秘密坦克一样 。 "
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	设计了50l小说作为fus50l的生物反应器 , 根据所提出的原理 , 建立了该系统的数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	利用2007年版本的营养数据系统 , 通过测量回收pistaos的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scorpio合作数据 , 其他普通银行股票的数据显示 , 股票的私人银行只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据popsugar报道 , 我们将于今天2月222日在奥斯卡举行的红地毯 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后提出了两种相应的通信倾向、高上下文通信、低下文通信 , 对解释活动产生了很大的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和cello在sonata等于sonata , 18世纪的钢琴索纳塔格式与仪器奥巴利多相伴的钢琴索纳塔 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	布莱利亚特 , 偶像性和智慧 , 他在传统共和党亚利桑那赢得了选举 , 并成功成为一个活跃主义 , 进步主义 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	koller是印象的 , 认为在眼睛操作中有用 , 两个月后 , 试图出来 , 首先在动物上 , 然后他自己的眼睛完全成功 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	评价糖尿病中p300的诊断价值 , 方法50型糖尿病患者和30例健康控制组 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 每天晚上都要关心这些障碍的影子和家庭图像 , 就像在宫殿墙上一样 , 法院美丽 ;
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过分析非开发载体的基本特点 , 提出了其对海洋索赔的可靠性及其对货物的限制 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和第二个哥哥去阿哈姆·阿哈巴达 , 一些热情的朋友通过打印和发布它 , 给我一份复印 , 让我感到惊讶 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当企业提交企业收入税后 , 金融声明和其他相关材料应依照相关规定附加 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些结果表明 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是一些先天性畸形的重要方面因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几项研究表明 , 低和中级执行官显示许多应力症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、张力、突破等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡和棕米干猫和厨房食品只有五个纯纯纯纯纯纯纯纯纯纯纯纯纯纯纯纯的成份 , 以满足特殊猫的需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	本片提名了柏林金祥1999年奖 , 但败了美国优秀电影的红色 , 最终有强大的实际力量 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型具有较高的预测技能 , 显示了可实现的方法 , 预测短期区域气候 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	抗war地壳带来了数千名反击示威者 , 其中包括2 , 000名在密西西比州的国务员 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检测中心位于工厂采取质量检测和省轴承产品的仲裁任务 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	本条约的完整文本是在埃及的hieroglyph寺和rams墙的寺庙中加入的 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据武家沟水库拱坝的设计 , 阐述了特殊的问题和设计和建设方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	室内试验得到的坝材料的可信动力学参数是地震坝动力学分析精度的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验来确定安德罗id市场是苹果苹果商店 , 或者探索许多特点和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	本文研究了两缸同步和精确定位的液压系统 , 然后设计了可满足需求的同步系统 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数年度增长率仍然不变 , 上周的数字从负面24.1%修正高于负面24.1% 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、线、丝、羊毛、羊毛、合成纤维、混合、服装、婴儿等类型的衣服和清洁 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间尺度数据的组织框架 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索并解决adsl线故障时 , 我们介绍了一种adsl故障检测ing仪器 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	在快速交换过程平衡后 , 通过微分动力方程 , 可以将缓慢交换过程作为伪单交换中心系统 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	地形是由美国宇航天卫星上高空气热排放和反射射辐射器收集的数字高级数据 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种关闭式环境风引导装置 , 属于能源电力技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	河湖是一种老时代互助来循环必要基金的临时援助 , 它总是组织在金和邻居之间 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨手术指标、手术方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	在根本指导下 , 著名的棉花专利制造公司雇佣了人才的机械和工程师 , 继续创新的棉花已经开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	上个赛季 , 利物浦的第二个字符串在利物浦上个赛季的比赛中 , 这个19岁的阿尔德是一个常规的赛季 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	树木无尽延伸 , 所有的叶子都浸出了颜色 , 灰色和棕色 , 与天空融合成了一颗遥远的灰色蓝色没有什么东西 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	2008年夏季奥运会在北京和周围地区建立了大规模运动设施 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但是khan先生被打击不平等的侵蚀 , 新罕默斯通过无尽的山东镇推动 , 以及部落政治的增长 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国的食品安全分析单位和知名的警告项目称 , 南索马里南部的饥荒越来越严重 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	关注eobject的脚印实现 , 同时也注意到 , 一些客户使用它来实现60%的脚印减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc指出 , 在过去四十年里 , 法国阿尔卑斯州的冰川已经失去了四分之一的地区 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样和统计意义的基本 , 将帮助您理解什么可能性 , 更好地理解和解释结果的意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国冠王子 , 王子威廉二世 , 他在维登战役中命令军队 , 并在世界大战中宣布了冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	web页面必须在基于b/s模型的桥梁卫生监测系统中显示大量实时数据 , 结果经常更新页面 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新网站混凝土表面 , 随时用塑料和保温材料覆盖的塑料 , ( hscmt条件维护 , 混凝土不得水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	在本地报纸中 , 有一篇关于 " 医生关闭药品销售员 " 的玩具报纸的文章 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们前锋迈克尔·福塞尔提醒我们在开放季度内能做什么 , 布鲁斯很高兴把他带回绑架汉姆线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	新闻采用先进的双向载流阀系统和进口电泵技术 , 实现双闭环控制压力和流速控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了一种基于mcgs配置软件和siemens7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的控制系统设计和配置过程 。
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素的胰岛素分泌是一种复杂的过程 , 如果不能正确诱导糖尿病 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	灵灵山大佛山位于小岭山区的陵山地区 , 吴溪 , 江苏省 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	为什么我选择 " 美国公民教育 " , 作为我研究领域 , 都采用了文学收集和比较的研究方法 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节 , 米米米米亚热和达瓦尔德将在克莱夫兰骑士和莱布伦詹姆斯在联赛两位最佳球员的比赛中获得比赛 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这是为什么web设计师 , 以及它们的密切coins、banner和foter设计师 , 可以为一个好的web页面头负责50美元 , 并且更多用于完整的集合 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	本文通过对异构技术应用条件和解决问题的研究 , 给出了可在武术应用中运用的引用参考 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 企业资本的价值主要是从会计角度测量 , 而管理人力资本评估专业化 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文将信任区域方法合并到限制简单分解算法中 , 以解决rsd的主问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	波斯茅斯是烹饪岛 , 或者太平洋岛最受全球变暖威胁 , 很快就不会消失 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳irui电子科技有限公司是一家专业led制造商 , 生产、销售和服务于2006年成立的专业领域制造商 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥·费德南德将于星期一在布里特尼亚体育场遭遇后 , 米德尔德将错过中产阶级的访问 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	范戈尔在187年在巴黎 , 187年画了 " 草 " , 它挂在洛尔默尔博物馆 , 位于特洛东部的荷兰城市 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目的是确定15名超重男性葡萄糖耐药的急性效果 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际观点来看 , 消费者价值福利 , 因此更好的市场访问可以通过生产商确保他们的福利 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	格林斯潘先生保持了中国和其他因素在全球范围内的低利率 , 而且不仅仅是美国的房屋繁荣 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	本文根据工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群的新型空间经济体系 , 不同于市场和层次系统的空间经济体系 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在折叠了她所有的甜蜜 , 滑到湖边的底部:那么折叠自己 , 我最亲爱的 , 你和你一起走进我的胸部 , 丢失在我身上 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 格雷尔先生的运动都会增加奥巴马先生的机会通过国会获得他的国内代表 , 并增强他的能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年新兰为我遇见一位纸灯制造商 , 在最近一轮南京的孔子庙里 , 同样的事情发生在他身上 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	这些美丽的承诺 , 那些甜美的笑容 , 像阳光一样温暖 , 慢慢慢地冻着我的右手中间的曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先的反向是一种高优先任务的现象 , 因为它们在实时系统中使用同样的共享源 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型 , 计算机数值控制和位置跟踪误差误差 , 计算出了计算机数值控制的工具位置点 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	通过利用废弃挖掘材料和整体建筑站分配 , 实现了狭窄区域的一般布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强实践教学 , 重视学生培养的思想和创新能力 , 得到了最大的成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度变化对热带传热模式的影响较大 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福志的解释不可疑地从天地和地球到儒家人文关心中降解了张子的小雅 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些更大的浓度对制造蓝钛高挥发性和爆炸性产生不幸的副作用 , 使水晶极为危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司处理其他婚礼摄影师的图像处理 , 同时也教他们使用光室2 , 这样他们可以节省时间和资金处理更小的工作 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了punie混合体组织培养及组织产生的dna水平 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	其大学成立于575年 , 是研究理论、科学和医学的研究中心 。 人口04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	临床试验表明 , 米夫210对健康志愿者有很好的口服生物可用性 , 达到高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	采用30种不同品种和混合物种 , 研究了主要作物和ratoon作物产量与产量相关的相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	采用中心表示理论和正常形式方法 , 分析了地图的局部编码两个分布 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	印尼西亚的海啸恢复表示 , 基于社区的重建是自然灾难反应的关键 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 马祥乾的父亲马西安说 , 一个令人震惊的农民和树生长在繁忙的城市里 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用索引或原始键字段来选择q应用程序使用的关键列 , 以确定复制行和正确的顺序事务 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	然而 , 伟大的灵魂已经拒绝了神圣自然 , 奥贾纳 , 渲染服务给我带来了解我 , 知道所有创造的原始 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能源机构宣布 , 日本已经增加了第三个植物 , 因为辐射在墙外被检测 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出的 " 现状 " 不仅是思考着晚明珠现状的重要阶段 , 也是他对理论基础的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	雅诺夫chomsky指出 , 气体供应的多样化也增加 , 使天然气出口的实施变得更灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统的安装方便 , 但由于有限容量 , 但不能满足大规模泡沫项目的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	弗格森提醒罗尼老板在坎顿、罗伊·凯恩和大卫贝克汉姆学习过的课程 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	正如约翰f和罗伯特·肯尼迪在1969年结束的故事 , 泰迪现在被看到 , 肯尼迪人把他们当作深刻的完整性 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣在天堂前为自己提供祭祀 , 没有追求自己的幸福 , 但对地球上人类的益处 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社会责任可以帮助提高客户的满意度 ? 如果这样 , 那么 , 机制和如何重要 ? 这项研究是如何回答这些问题 。
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利切尔德说 , 他在11月警告了这个问题的oracle , 希望该公司在一月发布了一组四分之一的安全图案 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	几百万人 , 最初建议 , 门户将有10%的财富 , 比如数百万人 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 玩家 " 杂志创始人hghhhefner说 , 他正在考虑结婚女朋友hystalhariis , 结婚24岁 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	分析了目标运动模型及动力杀伤机构 , 分析了拦截约束 , 并给出了轨道转移的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金南也是春城的著名 , 大量的地下水流下北 , 城区的西班牙 , 形成了许多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两眼 , 让他们欢迎他们 , 很喜欢他们 , 都照顾他们 , 所以他们的心都代表了他们年轻的妹们的邪恶 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们在危险的时候 , 触摸在山区或山区 , 甚至通过信号非常糟糕 , 警察可以知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	每天重复生活 , 我们都用自己的小头适合许多概念 , 意义 , 公式...但这里充满了痛苦和泪水 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	巴菲特在中国所有的外表中重复出现 , 正是通过辞职斯坦福德 , 试图在音乐上做一件同样的事 , 他正在做同样的事 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	根据您的特定要求 , 可以根据电线制造商和室内温度的不同 , 因此我们建议您根据特定要求计算值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	吸收和散射红外吸收的吸烟屏幕 , 严重的引头能量 , 然后降低导弹射击的概率 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文重点研究了基于skeleton图形的小集合字符识别 。 基于skeleton图形的手写汉字符作为一个孤立分支、孤立环和组件的一组 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被看作是现代艺术创作的重要图片 , 由于他的智能绘画理论 , 创作者 , 是现代艺术的重要路径 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	北京佛罗斯和苏利凡首席顾问王元泉告诉ap说 , 宣布不会太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正在感受中国竞争的热量 , 它的经济正在迅速经历 , 自1980年代末以来最快的三年生长 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高侧建筑中沉积差的原因及预防措施 , 并指出了利用沉积结构的特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我未来两年不会看到任何改变 , " 卡尔瓦特·克里克工作的50岁的个人投资者约翰说 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾经见过的最伟大的老师 , 他无法见证 , 让学生们讲座似乎像一个愚蠢的、苏格的对话 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	scream4提供了一组熟悉的字符 , 围绕一个恐怖电影设置 , 并将自主参数线程变成身体数量 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另一个问题是 , 更多的电视政府程序 , 更好的是 , 它假设人们在广播时看到的程序 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到二月24日 , 当美国空军奖励kcx竞赛时 , 埃德出现了强大的机会 , 停车员在波明的法律上 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新传统媒体的大师 ; 有些宗教领导人 , 一些是政府的最高官员 , 这些政府有能力项目全球影响力的能力 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师建议使用快速公共交通选项 , 提高自行车和行业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 一个旧的系统可能存储 " 狗 " , 更广泛的 " 哺乳 " 和狭窄的术语 , 或者 " 小狗 " 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在丁庄眼中 , 吴明高 , 青少年 , 讲话 , 小心工作 , 接受强 , 思维快速 , 实践努力 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	此外 , 运行时的连接字符串可以导致字符串注射攻击、jeopard化安全 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着辩论继续 , 唐金先生需要抓住事实 , 尤其是在美国 , 普通人民从1970年代以来看到他们的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我非常欢迎您的友好学校社区 , 受学生的尊敬 , 明显是一个非常成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是从你的工资中付出自己 , 然后支付你的信用人 。 在那个单一的行动中 , 你告诉宇宙 , 你为什么值得和愿望更多 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建设中 , 矿石被估计含有4000万吨铜和4600万盎司金 , 应该在2012年开始运营 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	因此 , 德罗斯小孩原本在4月28日在太平洋的史诗旅行中设置了他的发射日期 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 可提高淋巴细胞转化 , 可提高淋巴细胞的胆囊率和胆囊性指标 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还指出 , 当寻求解决问题时 , 应该给予核化朝鲜半岛并解决dprk的安全关注 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:采用家庭动态问卷和家庭环境规模版本测定221例抑郁症患者及178例正常控制 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要的业务利润是负责、股东和用户的重要指标 , 是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	针对ssh6700光总线地板中te第一交叉成员的破裂现象进行了分析和探讨 , 提出了三个结构改进计划 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了水节绿空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保水节绿空间发展的必要性和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业生的研究 , 他们可以获得公务员或政治部门成员的机会 , 获得更高的社会状况 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	作家的眼睛是美丽的 , 它保持了几代世界生活 , 解释了许多艰苦的努力 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 许多研究发现 , 社会科学的主要成功比有技术培训或前专业课程的人更大 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临双重限制 , 导致银行贷款的问题 , 难以提高工作资本的资金和短缺 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	通过实验和创新 , 介绍了废碱液不完全分离的解决方案 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室的娱乐角落 , 黑衣艺术地灯是蒂宁和皮肤单人沙发和脚趾 , 使个人的好地方有休息 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽昂·莱恩特·雪登:尽管你可以建立一个国际jci标准医院 , 让所有妈妈和婴儿在同一个世界上都能得到最好的医疗保健和同一步 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计将克服psveindhoven在接触30个季度的首选领先领域 , 这将为切尔西提供机会最终与merseyssiders一致的机会 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会应由三或五人组成 , 这是执行官任命 , 以及海事法院拍卖人员和调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	雅加诺在塞尔吉奥·伯纳多·阿尔蒙后借给巴里 , 另一个biancono左转到巴黎 , 这是年轻的西班牙球员yagoilvafalque 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的第六届会议做了一系列的和谐文化建设 , 为目前和平文化建设和谐文化建设提供了一系列的安排 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为此 , 使用发现实用程序来定位和查看您在过去一段时间内访问或改变的文件 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据北京矿业公司潜艇软岩支撑工程 , 运用usteel支撑与路径相互作用的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用trypan蓝染料排除试验、7690徐荧光染色及传输电镜对细胞生长和分化进行了分析 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna内表面吸附性及其制备的pvc作为主要原材料 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	建立了双辊带铸件固化模型 , 采用有限元软件实现了带铸件的固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcur&d部门 。 作品将在特殊的22届mcu文学奖励杂志上发表 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水表面的蒸发降低 , 地面附近的相对湿度增加 , 阳光小时降低和风速降低 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	美国科学家wilburl.scooville在1912年被命名为wilburl.scoville , 研制了一个测量capsicin的水平 , 创造了基里的热量化学物质 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖升高到一定程度时 , 饱和的中央气体疾病信号 。 如果所有营养物 , 降低双纯产品 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 只有激动 , 我把握在我的手里 , 拿着一只手中 , 就在那里 , 砖砌的一部分 , 站在我身后的老婆的尸体 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每个十个手指都留下了一个不同的印象 , 而皮肤的弹性使它变得不可能精确留下同一指纹印象 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理局副主任谢玉梅说: " 今年7月北京各家垃圾酒店的书籍速度增加了5月份的一% 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放比较低 , 因为大量的河系饲料足够的水电发电机提供了70%的电力需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	设计了采用浮动mos的dlatch和dfliplopp流电路 , 为了介绍dflipppppppppppppppppppppppp应用 , 我们设计了d的注册和对策 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	每年由100英寸的雨量下降 , 奥林匹克国家公园 , 绿树上升 , 满满了奥林匹克山谷 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超原融合蛋白质细胞因子实际上是抗原艺术的替代 , 具有目标功能 , 是抗原不同的新前瞻性介质 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一个精心计划和组织努力完成特定的一次努力 , 例如 , 构建建一个建筑或实现一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	本文采用spollen分析、扫描电镜和c14等位测试 , 定义了混合层的地质原因及其分布特征 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人要正确理解三大营养成分 , 这些三大营养大家都注意 , 首先控制动物 , 随着年龄增加 , 逐渐降低 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了使朋友们 , 朋友 , 印度心 , 情境累累 , 帮助手 , 诚挚合作 , 互惠 , 明天创造更好的明天 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国在新疆、边境巴基斯坦和阿富汗西部地震灾难中加强了巴基斯坦合作 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀被用来使气体流在粗糙线 , 防止管道和容器中流动 , 颗粒污染真空安装 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品容量也可以用来描述一种较好的症状 , 有些人在消费某些食物中受到某些食物 , 没有清晰的基础 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	物理化学中稀释溶液的沸点升高似乎与蒸汽蒸汽蒸馏进行试验 , 实际上 , 它们是不同的原理 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	甲板运行吉特里是悬挂桥段施工的专业设备 , 主要有两种风格和液压升降类型 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家宝在贵雅亚首相萨缪尔后来访中国 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应当是自然和现实的冲突 , 分析并讨论了人民陪审选、培训、法律实施和监督 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	本文在此基础上 , 分为九部分 , 分为 " 原文 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了用efe矩阵法对机构转换的方案扫描外部环境和方案进行定量评价 ;
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	工作变得聪明 , 沃尔兰孩子开始意识到他们的父亲是一个暴力怪物 , 每天恐惧他们的母亲 , 拒绝喂他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章详细阐述了图像创作、特殊语言结构的方法、形式主义在中国古典诗歌中 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 基于集体身份理论假设 , 将欧洲身份理论分为两个方面:道德主义和建设主义 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	采用燃烧噪声和有效溶液 , 研究了二甲醚发动机噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	超越饥饿和营养的更大挑战 , " 忘记 " 美国千年发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上以来 , 他和67岁的叔叔叔在猎物过程中遇到麻烦 , 冰浮在他站起来的时候 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素是由自动分泌或paracrine时装规定的 , 如氧ocin、前列腺素和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	虽然帕斯蒂斯在2004年2月早期描述了各种不同的鳄鱼 , 但这些鳄鱼在正常类型表面中相对竞争和正常英语 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果您在访问它时不能读到数据 , 那么解密密密钥被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它 , 因为供应商使用自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是谁穿着这件金银、蓝和绿色的网络 , 让他穿过折叠他的脚 , 触摸自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	山西省人力资源的优势依赖于旅游资源的条件 , 目前著名于它的复合文化 , 同时在其化合物的竞争开始 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常不在布利顿的书中 , 允许孩子们有力:旅行和烹饪自己 , 游览魔术地 , 或解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	高粘聚合物衍生过程的普及问题是开发高效质量传输装置 , 提高表面再生率 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学项目对心脏病人不仅提高知识 , 而且在疾病过程中降低了不确定性和抑郁程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果 , 总有效率为93.3%和62.2% , 比ns增加口服预氮组显著高于93.3% 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	英国公民团体鼓励的美洲海关 , 并由教堂所承担 , 交换需要的收入提供的需求 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	盒12:kilos中的gros重量应该在这里展示 。 其他测量单元 , 例如 , g.体积或数量表示准确的数量可能在定制时使用 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	离开深圳国际机场交叉 , 港口只有十公里远离广州新白云国际机场 , 一小时完全速度 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体制的建设 , 国家经济的迅速发展 , 增强人类生活标准 , 医疗和医疗保健工业已迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的第二楼将是透明的 , 亭子将象征香港人民的想象和创造力 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说: " 玩家可以有很好的技能 , 但是 , 他的才能不会意味着 , 如果他不适用自己并得到工作 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍我国纺织服装的出口情况 , 尤其是从音量和出口价格中涉及的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	加热玻璃的不同规格 , 但我保证干燥的质量 , 加热系统和喷嘴位置下的质量 , 应该很容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	这种不同的来源 , 如本土美国人、俄罗德尔斯蒂诺和我们的朋友对地球和谐角色的学习有着影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	23个存在的夫妇属于管理家最好的张的妻子和幽默 , 他的政治抱怨、态度和他的附属到家乡和亲戚 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	虽然土耳其倾向于温暖和透明 , 你的平均乔治亚似乎更加自我包含和储备 , 但不完全与你的平均英国相似 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	展示其阴影的光谱 , 吸引了更少振动的褐蜘蛛的注意 , 生物揭示了橙色、黄色、绿色和蓝色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告中有一个交易 , 我相信 , 我认为 , 没有什么是卡尔顿 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省作为资源 , 鱼 , 森林 , 矿物 , 现在的石油 ? 有时候 , 只剩下的石油 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	一些学校已经开始分离一些教训的性别 , 说它消除了男孩的 " 桃效应 " , 并且提供了更等等的教师时间 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	在回顾方面 , kafka是一个新闻尝试适应kafka的作品的复杂性 , 并且在索德伯格的特殊实验中得到了 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界大战后 , 亨利福特和普通汽车的阿尔弗雷斯·斯坦从几世纪的工艺生产领域从欧洲企业进入大量生产年龄 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	比如 , 波普金教授说 , 美国学校还需要改善营养 。 比如 , 学校可以提供一些人会考虑垃圾食品的machellone 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	然而 , wga西总统帕特里克·弗朗在星期六晚上告诉这位300多名作家 , 此次罢工只在投票批准合同之后才能结束 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	amoi是一家著名的国内移动电话制造企业 , 因为a8 " 将跳舞 " 手机 , 2002年和2003年获得了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这听起来很有效 , 但记得大多数观察器情况下 , 每个组件都有一个小的听众 , 以及插入和删除大多数都是由传统数的 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信仰拥有丰富的马祖寺、丰富的诗歌 , 与福建商人活动密切关系 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这个硅小的性爱娃是我们在2016年市场上独特的设计 , 性爱的日本纯粹女孩 , 女性真正的性爱好者 " 。
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:当时三月份的时候 , 穆斯塔奇在圣弗南多谷的基金会上做出了一个回归的谣言 , 他将会把硅谷挖到硅谷 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但我们回答说 , 给他带来了很多电影 , 不要穿城市 , 然后在11岁的时候 , 他也许会在这里做 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的员工自治公司 , 同意 " 良好的想法 " 已经被我公司所采取的三分之二 。
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条第十二条第十二条主体事件后 , 义务人应当随时通知对象或他的头发或保证人 , 除非对象不能定位 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	更多的收入从标准500家公司和一条稳定的经济指标将给投资者更多的证据在整个星期内进行经济健康 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	基于孔隙结构的分形参数 , 对孔隙结构的孔隙压力数据进行预测 , 探讨水洪对孔结构变化的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法对19例急性综合征患者心肌纤维同步治疗的抗心理药物及同步心脏治疗效果进行观察 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论镍钛板固定和可调整帕特拉骨折降低装置具有良好的疗效 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	深圳siemax有限公司成立于2006年 , 是我国 " 结构通信解决方案 " 的主要供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带 , 油密封 , 橡胶部件 , 硅钩 , 乘客汽车 , 轻型和重型租赁车 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人住宅 , 位于北京东城区 , 是一个传统的 " 西湖 " 的住宅类型 , 院子是房子中心 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性金钱由女性金钱不受限制 , 但有相同的重量和复杂的数字 , 艺术触摸是染色木 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳市电信技术有限公司是一家研究、开发、销售、服务到专业led屏幕制造商数字控制信息的专业领域 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	通过双分子脂膜对植物细胞的影响 , 引起的高静电场 , 通过双分子脂膜 , 产生微原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsack比polo衬衫更明亮 , 线程颜色看起来很好 , 在knapsack上看起来太黑了 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第十一条未来委员会资本调整的净资本额应少于客户总额的6% 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过单层和双层的多层弹性丝确定 , 表明制备织物的弹性能都可以达到媒体或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动波冲刷的机理、结构特点 , 并在硫酸和复合肥料生产中的应用 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是 , 尽管在上个月 , 尽管政府的反应仍然不断改变 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	针对青岛港口集团整体开发策略 , 提出了多种建议 , 提高群体竞争力 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	此外 , 在sziit监督者对类性能的观察方面 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验类的性能更为活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在第三个星期 , 一个孩子在出生之后死亡 , 父母同意捐赠婴儿的心 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司东工艺有限公司的首席介绍是一家专业生产工艺专业化的专业企业 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	在插件路由级别中没有必保持会话限制性 , 因为会话限制性将被odrs引入应用服务器时 , 请求被迫关注 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	随着对材料的可能性进行调查 , 包括回收玻璃、ucco和mable , 建筑师将石头作为最佳选择 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金yu'bao是中国在线支付商 , 天中资产管理公司的投资服务 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括四个部分gps微分参考站、gps购买子系统、水下翼、舰基数据处理和控制中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为luxehomes的内容非常完整 , 我特别喜欢前瞻角度的故事 。 " 路易霍说 , " 中央国务院的主任路易斯ho说 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:对结合肝脏和肾收获的方法 , 1右肾静脉和2左肾动脉进行损伤 , 3肾灌注并不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	一种由酸化pad分离的两种不同金属的电力来源 , 形成了一系列的主要细胞 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了赫马斯的牧师 , 这是我们写的一组我们叫阿波斯坦父亲的书 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在德国西部 , 外交部长汉斯特里奇基因scher敦促摩斯科托关闭所有核能植物类似于樱桃的核电厂 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	根据单阶段、双阶段和多阶段的不同设计 , 可以根据蒸汽、绝缘和冷却要求进行定制 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件组织的文件代理是一个著名的代理 , 它们已经取代了 " 目录 " , 这是以前在命令行操作系统中使用的命令行操作系统 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	电话 , 语法 , 词汇 , 听 , 讲话 , 阅读和写技巧 , 实现突破 , 实现基础 , 建立习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	国防部委员会缺乏法律基金会对死刑的审查引起了障碍 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 运动速度事件和团队运动员的培训系统可能导致心脏形状和功能的显著变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为解决uwb融合系统中长范围行为的大时间jitter误差 , 提出了一种基于晶体频分割的新颖时间系统 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	根据纽约的cpa招募公司创始人j.patrick戈尔曼说 , 大会计公司提供类似的增加 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	研究人员考察了血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生的关系 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法对37例患者进行相对探索标志 , 术前胆管切除术 , 消极病人不会采取胆管探索 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	1984年 , 我一直幸运与hitachi的工作 , 开始与hitachi港交付 , 并且我期待我们的关系继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	本研究介绍了简单、经济动态锥石油计和冲击土壤试验仪 , 提高其质量 , 提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变量矩阵 , 可以比较不同混合数据的位置精度 , 提出了一种基于系统位置的基础 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs通过增加消费者和商业旅行者的价格敏感性 , 降低了全球经济疟疾流动的石油价格 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体尤其是脆弱 , 因为他们经常经历在治疗神经认知并发症期间 , 可能比肿瘤本身造成更多的损害 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 平行处理方法得到子线速度 , 对于内部模型实时识别的要求基本满意 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	美国红十字会是谁、联合国、美国红十字会、美国疾病控制和预防中心的合作努力 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文重点讨论了新现实主义小说的社会历史 , 并讨论了当代文学发展和认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 阐述了美联储政府腐败 , 来自niu " 先进政治思想和粗糙的官方职业 " 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	吴建议 , 公司和企业应注重员工心理健康 , 帮助他们通过讲座和心理咨询来减轻压力 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市景观森林现象的分析 , 阐述了景观林保护的必要性和紧急性 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘结剂 , 消毒剂和进口服装 , 随着降低葡萄糖离子的释放 , 降低葡萄糖离子的最佳配方 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	磁化的态度明显提示了不同构造单元的磁化作用 , 与岩单元的岩石形状和分布一致 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 戴金不想卖 , 他只是想看看他们是否能做任何重复 , 戴金仁惠不会继承他的提案 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	进入制备的muffin锡 , 填充每个杯二分之二的全 。 篮子在预热的190c/375炉 , 2025分钟 , 或者直到金棕 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	除此之外 , 大气附加到教学和学习氛围 , 十条由创始人zhiyi确保了良好的教学氛围 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了内热炉实际运行中存在的问题 , 并提出了改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨结合酸诱导慢性颞叶癫痫的关系及其机制 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某些程度来说 , 利用信号检测理论来解释法官的理想假设 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出 , 在有径向灵活机制的情况下 , 抗旋转机制与滚拉包展览同步和自补偿之间的磨损 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进的遗传算法设计成功于解决高维、多元应变和非线性uc问题 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行经理和其他相关银行人员应当负责造成损失17 , 000元 , 所以为什么他们不负责 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2来自聚氨胺氧化介质细胞死亡 , 高敏反应和防御基因表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	高风险和投资强化 , 开发阶段运行流体的适当使用可能导致储层损伤 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	他认为 , 美国必须与伊朗和土耳其合作 , 创造一个 " 强大的三角 " , 其活动将促进民主和战争极端主义文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	在1987年被首席哈比伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯伯格巴的教育体系培养中 , 突尼斯人非常骄傲 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这不能抑制完全和自由表达:这并不会失去自我性 ; 认证性和我们同时通信的重要诚信性 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她走了 , " 我们是电子工程师 , 我们真的需要更多的帮助 , 但是让他们得到更多的资金 , 我们需要更多的资金 , 我们需要展示一些成功 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把你的妈的照片和她的珠宝盒放在这里 , " 米切尔说 , 克里斯特觉得爱她 , 想让她快乐的家人 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为 , 瑜伽帮助人们更多地用自己的身体和吃习惯 , 意识到坏习惯 , 例如应力、疲劳或抑郁等 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	在房间里工作的志愿者 , 灯具里 , 灯泡不要过量荧光解决的问题 , 更成功地思考 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	据报道 , 卡扎菲的婴儿阿拉齐亚复合物 , 他在周二晚上做了一个地址 , 周日晚上第一次袭击 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	通过一定的假设 , 我们结论价格水平与成本参数之间的关系与风险避免的极端水平相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	采用气藏材料平衡方程来确定气藏的储层和气藏的ogip , 判断其驱动类型 , 并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	万惠看到唐糖家快乐 , 唐丽和天新看到唐糖回家后 , 建议让家装饰也可以空间 , 每个人都搬到维拉 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势显示 , 从社会和文化积累与心理变迁到影片之间的密切关系 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本课程重点通过教育实践和核心搜索 , 建立儿童数学认知发展概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的t/es平均值约为2.06 , 其最大值出现在旗阶段 , 冬季最小出现 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	胡山工业经济被称为胡山现象的湖山现象 , 虽然这是国家水平贫困县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为美国军事战略不再关注在山上敌人战斗者之后 , 但在城市和村庄赢得阿富汗 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者愿者将尽管他们准备好 , 但当地老师认为外国人只是为了训练员而行 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假设者是一个附近的太阳能旅馆 , 花园和野鸡 , 但到目前为止 , 旅行的灯光是看到草坪人 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了火油税的功能 , 探讨了未来火油税的影响 , 并给出了相应的对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	肯·蒂克写道: " 最后 , 在他的最大的时刻 , 他向我们展示了最脆弱的时刻 , 绝望的行动的人 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	由于浮游孩子 , 必须自信上升 , 记得他们家由丝绸和卢林讨论业务 , 可以打开丝绸线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	添加叶绿是一种易于添加颜色、风味和营养素的方式 , 本周的健康方案上写了玛莎玫瑰花 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何把自己作为员工作为一个被认为竞争的员工 , 你可能会看到公司的观点是如何看到社会媒体和你的参与 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是折磨、阻尼和谐振 。 有人的声音 , 有人的声音 , 有人的声音 , 或者反应远距离的厚度 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	乔布斯先生在1月中旬治疗胰腺癌5年前 , 在展示可注意力损失后接受肝移植 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	本方法提高了点扩展函数的精度 , 建立了基于重点扩展函数的重点图像的宽滤波器 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每一章都形成了整匹马的整体框架 , 这些框架基本上由基本上升构建 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 通过引入rdb查询过程中的一些查询理论 , 提出了一个查询优化模型 , 并给出了其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	低bdnf水平的男性似乎失去了复杂的任务 , 几乎没有变化的男性几乎双倍 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心私人雇主将削减jobs和许多人 , 尤其是那些用来获得他们的工资 , 会损失他们的工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	2008年6月 , 中国政府宣布将禁止自由塑料购物袋 , 禁止购物袋 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	基于病例的小脊柱部分的研究表示方法 , 建立了几何特征和过程特征信息的对象方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	古兹说 , 去年 , 企业资本公司投资了35亿美元 , 同时他们只投资了33000万美元的中国企业 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	硬盘设计的一个组件是喷雾冷多平台封装 , 使电子设置在黑帽前面附近 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	中国茶业的希望 , 代表中国茶业将更加丰富 , 母国的茶课程肯定明天比以前的日子更明亮 !
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种环境友好的防腐涂料 , 基于非毒性钙作为主导抗锈涂料和磷酸盐作为辅助防锈涂料 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地形和地形特征 , 北京沙地主要分为三种类型 , 山地和平原转化区三种类型 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	本文提出了基于基因算法的地震特征优化原理及地震特征优化方法 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	由于健康状况 , 老年成年人不能做出推荐的物理活动量 , 应该像他们的能力和条件一样活跃 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢克斯在资本主义社会中暴露了普遍存在的问题 , 并证明了其整体分类的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	中国城市系统大小分形尺寸20000年至2004年最大的交通总线hbs的分形尺寸是1.4862至18 , 与1.518相一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨绝对贫困观念和相对贫困观念的现象 , 并与中国和英国社会的历史比较 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油有限公司安全管理的基础已经变得更加强化和石油柴油的安全性能 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后 , 基于可逆对数的特点 , 采用四值dflipflopppppppppp作为核心组件设计四值同步可逆对策 , 具有重复功能 。
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 邓吉利斯与内容造成伤害 , 但没有一句 " 情绪障碍 " 解决了她的刑事责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除了被伤害的个人外 , 我们还代表了健康护理诈骗和hmo争议的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制方案灌注的可行性和潜在作用 , 结合口腔和颌面外科手术 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要研究被列为:高中特殊教师和平东地区的基本教育教师 , 愿意使用技术集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗勃·帕兹 , 克里斯蒂瓦特和其它人已经拍摄了第三部电影在加拿大的第二系列eclipse.eclipse在2010年5月出现 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第十六条国家科技委员会应与其他部门关注 , 规范间谍检查新技术产业发展区 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	管理文化对员工工作动机的影响很广泛 , 但目前文化与工作动机之间的关系并没有一个可锻炼的框架 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	在这艘粗糙的小船中 , 为30个跨国船员的工作很艰难 , 下面有橙色花和阳光花在厕所里涂上 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金今年将其与其他商品的联系减弱 , 经营在石油和铜上升 , 这反映了它的价值作为货币玩家 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们从传统生活模式中断 , 去学校 , 爱 , 结婚 , 买一家婴儿......相反 , 他们已经跳了一些步骤和添加了其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接数据结构保持了它的屏幕 , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 因此它可以减少节省noitset和匹配模式的房间 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你在适当的位置 , 你需要放松你的手臂肌肉 。 记住 , 当你的手腕保持直线和前臂肌肉时 , 这很容易 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	周一 , 丰田说 , 已经扩大了一个美国的服务运动 , 泄漏油主机 , 覆盖934 , 000辆车 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但是 , 我要求一本书来理解更多的话题 , 或者与发送者交换许多电子邮件 , 来解决问题的更多细节 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前的自然历史问题中 , 耶鲁教授弗兰克说 , 海滩如何学会更低的原始能学到爱金 ; 有些甚至转变成亚uman资本家 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	从北韩获得独立消息非常罕见 , 但中国相应的大坝语法学家已经走到边境 , 到达朝鲜最近逃离的北韩人 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保对仲裁案件进行公平处理 , 国家仲裁立法和民事立法 , 都有仲裁审判制度 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲阿洛伊斯认为已经是一个女性和19岁的犹太人 , 这使这个人激励了全球一季犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织周二称 , 政府部队死亡至少41名民事人在叙利亚 , 其中包括20名在半亚中部抗议活动中心的抗议胡布 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	本地官方告诉报纸要求 , 第一天的旅游包括北川高中旅游 , 学生被埋在垃圾中 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	幸运的时候 , 有一个女人在那里被称为 " 心大 " 的女人分享 , 比如兽人 , 她不会太坏 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , 25%的xmx值用于最大护理 , 而护士的尺寸则允许在那25%内生长和缩短 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一方面是一个冲突 , 美国并没有寻求 ; 其中一个是由42个国家加入的 , 包括挪威在努力保护自己和所有国家进一步攻击 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	然而 , 一家美元商店还没有打开 , 所以我没有进入冰箱里 , 它的钻井是昂贵的 , 所以我拿了两杯瑜伽 , 告诉摄影师给我一些四分之一 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本请求框架中 , cen和cenelec将开发一个或几个级别标准包含各种类型的能源相关产品的通用需求 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	该方法分为光轮集成加工的两种工作程序 , 表面切割是前程序 , 挤出加工是后程序 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 在6月2日 , 印度商务委员会将有私人监管会和政府会议 , 其中包括美国商务委员会 , 这将持有35个年度会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电信市场不允许打电话列表上的任何数字 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人有现有的业务关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的干旱有限于孤立的区域 ; 除了里约的孙子和巴拉那之外 , 没有可逆的损伤似乎在全国范围内广泛传播 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	一个更加危险的装置 , 美国流行 , 是用硫酸填充的瞬时光盒 , 用硫酸来处理化学物质 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	在梦中 , 她被一个女人所说的是好病毒名称完成的 , 一些藏人也可以看到湖中的网站内容 , 只是通过计算机监视屏幕 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是积累体验丰富的个人知识 , 而且不能制造一个系统的暴露 , 这就是感觉 , 可是不能解释的话 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这种类型的场景通常发生在那些想驱动业务的clevel执行官 , 并且更改企业提供了积极的赞助来帮助他们的战略代理 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野生国家的 " 扩展eps系统 " -360提供市场前沿、侧面和后冲击保护 , 使它成为最安全的头盔之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年 , 北京文雅画艺术品销售中心成立于1995年 , 大厅建立了世界上最大的艺术家社区 , 宋庄艺术家村 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	澳大利亚学出版商和专业出版组织开放 , 包括大学新闻和非营利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何运行诊断和治疗设备 , 特别是医学的分支 , 但他们也在紧急干预技术中培训 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	最近 , 采用三个结构组装的水火管锅炉是dzl型热水锅炉的一种新思想 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐款允许一座桥梁建在两座山之间 , wa终于走到学校 , 穿靴子想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	西北地区的冷sp都是温暖的亚热带气候变化的典型北北极气候变化 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	进一步研究了化学热力学解决非氧化强酸的溶解性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	本文分析了转子风结束的原因、危害和形成过程变化 , 提出了各种频率循环操作的预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人上周告诉华尔街日报 , 该公司不能在长期以来取代osi的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一项规则 , 第三周中期的趋势将在第三周内转移 , 股票只在第三周末移动3周的主要趋势 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	阐述了一种显著的抗癌效果 , 提供其它营养效益 , 讨论了cla多功能多功能及其病理生成 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本奥斯卡大学在6月10日发布了官方博客 , 因为一个雇员称为孔子学院文化智能机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	在比赛期间 , 第一次被称为 " 奥运兰克 " 的刺激已经感觉到了这么多运动员18 , 000名运动员和官员 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	小ulin的清洗手效果明显优于洗手的洗手 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在一个没有物理发现的年轻妇女中 , 患者应该返回3至10天后 , 接下来的男性开始确定肺回归 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机控制空间干预研究 , 随访时间长 , 可能有助于进一步探讨血管治疗效果 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我明白 , 在我国居住的各个环境中 , 中国的志愿者会不会对任何问题或事故进行责任 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	在gnome中最好的菜单之一是服务器进入的连接 , 这允许用户连接到几乎任何类型服务器快速和易于 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山脚上 , 国际幼儿附近太阳大学的国际幼儿园位于一个愉悦的环境 , 景观良好 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:采用3种诱导的痰样品比自发性诊断3胃洗涤更敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中在蒙古塔塔尔 , 旨在巩固其在俄罗斯和西方战争中获得稳定状态 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们通过德克萨斯、新墨西哥、阿里桑那、内瓦达、乌托拉多、科罗拉多、尼布拉斯加和所有的途径进入明尼苏达 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但它反映了过去世界公平 , 上海世博会主要是印象国内观众 , 以及90%的游客来自主国 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的一天我开始好了 , 但是在半个马拉松之后 , 我在两个腿上发出了肌肉裂纹 , 导致我下落到塔姆卡 , 这导致我的右膝盖坏了 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	以色列两名以色列人 , 陕波利克博士 , 医疗工程师爱迪·索夫博士 , 一个杰出的气象学家 , 加入了一个基于satle的工程团队 , 帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	菲比看着窗户 , " 这提醒我那部电影里的家人在一个小镇里拉进了一个小镇 , 突变晚上来吃 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	根据技术创新策略实施 , 我国应采取更多的探索和发展 , 以确保更多的储备和降低油进口的暴露 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	目击者和安全摄像机在珍妮和潮湿的t恤衫、轴承rucks和枪击中建立了一支肖像 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	针对linpack或ispack中单移复杂qz算法 , 开发了一般的生成价值路由 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员对欧洲工作满意度、工作时间、婚姻状况、性别、年龄和工作自治关系进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	幸运的购物者和阿尔弗雷斯科饭店一直忙着 , 直到晚些时尚店里 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的食物或浏览物 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高服装制造工业生产效率 , 必须结合身体测量、模式设计和服装制作的传统服装生产 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	除非有关当局批准相应合同之外 , 技术转移的相关费用不会被资格化 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前盾牌混合比例通常使用正交测试 , 其中存在很多实验和不可避免的浪费 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	糖尿饮料中 , 每天只有1磅 , 每天的重量损失在6个月和1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 我国冻结和渗透霜有很严重的灾害 , 冻结长期监测是为潜在灾害提供参考信息 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了lcopene的生物学特征 , 如分子结构、代谢、组织分布及其抗癌功能及可能机制 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:直接表现为9例 , 无规则中心或内心狭窄 , 1例不规则填充缺陷 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑器允许您在启动期间自动检查菜单的菜单 , 并允许您在您的喜欢的字体中设置优先的字体 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	采用重力电流大垂直速度的模拟高头 , 运行的大速度和前面的密度分布密度与观察者密切一致 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	食品生产中使用生物技术的成份有很多好处:加快饲养植物和动物的过程 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	马克维亚先生在乌克兰、意大利、芬兰和乌克兰和乌克兰的布什和佩吉尔举行了战争 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强的是 , 要用贝尔zebub驱动魔鬼 , 如说 , 为了中性化和克服支持建立规则的支持 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	随着艺术标准 , 有一个绝对的艺术标准 , 这意味着每个人的独特感受都是通过图像来传播的 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 这种虫子被用来攻击它的公交核反应堆的电脑 , 有很广泛的推测 , 实际上已经破坏了该植物 , 一些伊朗否认 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转移关键相比 , mdcsk具有多级数字信号可以加密的优点 , 使用多滚加密参数 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了有关图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、障碍 , 以及成功采用和实现创新策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	从hsqldbutil.runscriptotool创建一个名为启动的方法 , 它获得了项目、主类名称和命令行参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运极管冠军和世界记录伊斯纳·艾斯巴耶娃宣布 , 她是从运动中获得无限的破坏 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易部门法可视为社会利益与商务部门所有者的利益分配和司法选择与集成 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战斗人员似乎准备大量人民为了减轻单一目标 , 比如高级政府官员或警察首席 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线显微镜是一种采用软x射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 它填充光学和电子显微镜之间的差距 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	温阳三能集团有限公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业生产烟草提取物 , 索兰醇和尼古丁两大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼部位的正确率 , 提出了一种面边界的精炼算法和多层眼检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:采用客观口腔黏膜灌注试验 , 探讨微型氧化zr-c型金属玻璃的组织兼容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场吉尔伯托在枪手中场的胜利中场 , 接到巴西国家队的一个呼吁 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在一些c.i.a官员知道拘留和审查程序的详细信息中 , 有一个紧张的辩论bout , 在处理条件下绘制行 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 开放的名字通知我们 , 后来 , 萨米拉伊被失业 , 并在搜索工作中走走了国家 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很高兴 , 深深深地对他视觉、偏见、达娜和勤奋带来了佛教 , 并且对所有的句子都有一定的意义 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	simonellson是抗病毒电脑公司的安全专家 , 强调 , 经常改变密码 , 避免重复 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测量 , 钢吸烟表面处理只有0.008相对反射 , 吸收装置可作为内涂料 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	京文学校的形象是我国传统自我变化的特殊现象 , 具有特殊的审美价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制度是汉武迪的原创创作基础 , 是秦汉代官员监督控制的成功经验 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 周淑光共享他的印象:美国政府和北京都有完全不同的工作方式 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了促进铁矿在这些领域的应用 , 合成单体超级纳米结构 , 具有高饱和磁化的铁矿粒 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声b和前室角镜检查34例 , 然后在前室角下提取外体 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理阿卜杜拉·巴达威面对他的辞职 , 后来他的统治联盟失去了对党的反对 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在电影之前 , 那些在波斯尼亚州波斯尼亚科维纳战争中经历过艰难的摄影师 , 因为他扔掉了电影的时候 , 他赢得了他奖 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	综述了反射衍生物的结构活性关系和药理学性能 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九条代理遵循指令的义务 ; 按照原则的指令处理代理事务 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自然 , 我们双边关系的成就令双方感谢双方努力 , 两国在顶部和其他水平上经常接触 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 拉迪克普拉利亚粉的综合价值逐步提高了工业生产的官方和原材料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他是家人提供物质的唯一工人 , 或是他是一个全职学校的学生 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	结果 , 分枝的厚度对青树有很大的影响 , 与其生存率、生长条件和年轻图树的商业率有直接关系 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本研究描述了激励导速度对心脏节奏的定量仿真 , 三维现实扭心几何模型 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的克隆生长架构、古拉和法兰克斯 , 被认为是克隆人群研究最佳材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯皮德是纽约世界贸易中心发布的主规划者 , 预计将面对延迟和重大成本超越运行 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃自由假设由一个piece模拟聚乙烯或聚丙烯单元组成 , 直到用户激活 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对当时中国医学教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者 " 信是保持中医教育的主要部分本质 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和莱切尔·霍夫曼在四个月内工作的慈善男性中心委员会 , 在地震中受到少数伤害 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与此相比 , 中国的牙齿衰竭的发生并不高于原始学校的学生 , 然而 , 更突出的是它缺乏时间处理 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口增长约1% , 近40%的增长是因为外国人口进入美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	欧洲危机突出 , 欧洲的危机已经做到经济 , 并通过17个国家单一货币领域来描述紧急需求 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	18.07%的ip饮食中 , 显著的氮消化性表现为二次曲线关系 , 最高的n消化性发生在18.07%的ip饮食中 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	另外 , 吉利亚还透露 , 在很多电影中 , 大多数喜欢 " 超越我们的肯尼 " , 她甚至有了最佳女演员金 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是稳定发展 , 避免了赢得的原则 , 在变化行业和市场中 , 它们正在试图花费维奇和稳定的提升 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统林肯在紧急环境中制备出来违反宪法 , 因为当林肯悬挂了哈比亚公司在民事战争的外部 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人说 , 美国借钱在生活上 , 汽车不能卖 , 因为老妇人和谷歌六个 " 经济危机 " 终于被破坏了 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清楚动物研究与祖母hip替代的连接 , 父亲的副手术是婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至是宠物的照片 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk术后移植失败的危险因素是冠状血管化、移植、假血管、前后血管或后血管结石的危险因素 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	在这个寺庙里几乎所有东西都是消费的 , 包括它的劳动布局和现在大多数人经常装饰其包装的名人 , 35 ) 按照销售的东西 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 几乎所有工业的一部分 , 从上游到下游 , 都是印尼人:农民、工厂和工厂、分销商、销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰在今天没有消失 , 除非那些没有玩得多的球员 , 比如艾默森和塞特勒索的球员 , 还有谢夫切科和马蒂尼 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过对景观建筑设计的案例分析 , 阐述了应用文献流变的意义 , 如高波、图形和符号 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了有效地捐赠花粉 , 动物污染植物已经进化了各种颜色特征 , 花粉表示计划是其中之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定阅读奥尔法运动之后 , 我不相信我们会遇到任何额外的障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	潘尼·硬道22分 , 包括三秒左后的比赛赢得射击 , 因为奥兰多的魔术击败了冠军火箭9290 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	巴黎银行投资伙伴马丁·弗里森说: " 否则在cds或超安全资产中受到更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一个是不用的土地 , 这将增加森林覆盖率4.1%.水前、道路、农田和其他绿色潜力 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说家的情况下 , 浪漫视觉倾向于表达自己称为 " 浪漫 " 、情感和象征形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是2005年在德克萨斯州霍斯顿举行的第一次 , 我们收到了2000万美元 , " 朗回忆道 , " 数字超过了我们的期望 。 "
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	这位26岁的官方比赛节目说: " 真的 , 我不能理解这些小伤害 , 比如hamstring或groin应变这样的小伤害 。 "
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2 , 设置n到b或更高的更改内存布局 , 它不再使用sd和f共享库 , 并且允许它们用于本土存储或mapping 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但如今 , 如果我们是在这个方面固定这个反文化的话 , 它的神秘倾向和原则的乐趣-我们不会对运动深刻的愤怒做出正义 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	该系统成功测试了呼吸安全系统 , 使用紫外线菌辐射来杀死99%的细菌 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 尽管司法官的辩论和完整性超越了复制 , 他的遗传密封方法对法院外部的影响限制了他的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	吃:食物丰富于这种矿物中 , 因此有益于他们的饮食中包括:番茄、豆、棕米、柠檬、橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	百度金融董事jenniferli说: " 百度 , 中国音乐扇 , 记录艺术家和记录公司都会从这个赢得合作中获益 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线是昂贵的安装 , 第一家公司如此这样做 , t.t.t , 伤害成为美国长距离服务的唯一供应商 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	本文以二级板市场作为研究对象 , 通过理论和实践角度分析了交易机制的目标、特点和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清除和反应阶段患者 , 提高氨基氨基酶和hbvdna水平 , 是抗病毒治疗的候选人 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 第四级城市的小天鹅 , 第二个销售海尔 , 占据了13% , 公司未来的表现将大大提高 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	订阅1 , 13和19页的订阅不需要申请 , 发言人在公开编写其普通公司债券的证券下面 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	我们剩下的一些东西是jsp标记库支持gsp , 可能支持jpa作为插件 , 并对我们的单位测试基础设施进行改进 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	法国具有丰富的风味和蝴蝶纹理的产品 , 虽然在法国的南部食用更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次强调决策的重要性 , 组成和传递能力 , 因为球员需要知道当跑球时 , 还是跑球 , 还是跑球 , 小心不要在球上捕捉 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道: " 坐在电视台上 , 看不到孩子 , 但一个孩子可能会坐在电视台上 , 因为他或她还是看不到和诊断 。 "
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 路沈承诺帮助库希马·塔克希拉出售渠道 , 帮助路沈平岛登陆地位 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次在1962年形成的冰岛形成 , 华德·亨特·菲尔镇定了一个岛屿 , 小块的冰岛变成了真正的岛之间 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能工业炉的开发及应用试验 , 如热炉、热处理炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果你从学校里看不到的话 , 那么你就考虑这个:ou是英国最大的大学 , 200 , 000名学生 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏经验和实践知识 , " 杨小雄说 , 独家高尔夫俱乐部的ceo说 , 他的工作人员在希望申请者的时候 , 正如他的工作人员们一样激烈的眼睛 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 由美国和国际社会制造的多年制裁后 , 相当的哥伦达菲似乎是西方重复的 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c和保护光照下 , 没有从snp释放的动力学 , 通过建筑和空间结构对snp的影响显著 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	使用 " 蔡云 " 特殊座位的功能 , 将使用摩托车座位的各种短缺和遗憾将被克服为 " 蔡云 " 特殊座位 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	这五个基本因素构成了一个系统 , 科学操作可以产生良好的教学结果 , 科学操作也是新时代教学创新措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	经过这个殖民失败后 , 巴特将军队的叛军带到恐怖 , 逃到他个人帝国的帝国星毁灭者的外部地区 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监测器收集了有用的信息 , 比如在一个月内ecr状态调查事务的数量 , 地位数等 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	接受报告后49分钟的事务主席韩韩韩连接了该报告 , 当时他在接受报告后52分钟的国防部长金塔在接受报告后 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	基于家庭的护理团队由几个护士组成 , 他们每天早上跳进小卡车 , 走到社区 , 往往往是真正的命运 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	本体清洁剂的特殊喷涂系统实现了两个州内水喷涂 , 因此体清洁范围和体清洁程度改善了身体清洁程度 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	他们在机场的游行场景 , 有一架飞机在跑道上和他们的笼子从飞机上走出来 , 是日本公共广播网站nhk 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 有一块金锁 , 似乎很厚 , 但在一个丑陋、紧密、密密密密的下面 , 核心的帽子下 , 藏在薄底下 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	在150家商业调查中 , 三分之二的调查显示他们的团体促进利润虽然剩下三分之一的声称在他们的团体经验上失去了钱 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安迪:是的 , 但是卡塔尔还可以穿上银牌 , 真是一匹黑马 , 它在另一半决赛中打败伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家 , 由其追踪者判断这部电影 , 指责张先生给亚洲演员的一部分 , 应该去亚洲演员 , 一个被称为白色冲击的实践 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 像极端编程和敏捷发展这样的概念使得很多同样的好处 , 没有整个人在代码上抽取的团队 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在矩阵组织的情况下 , 研究风格组织和非边界组织已经蘑菇 , 我们的选择是基于特定的环境和目标的 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	香料包含了许多香料、猪肉rib产品和脱水泉洋葱 。 根据不同的味道 , 口味将是美味和香料 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	此外 , 这种意识双重标准伤害了自由主义者和汉人的感觉 , 并且在学术意识上粗糙 , 扭曲了历史的真正面貌 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这绝不必是 , 永远不能忍受这种存在的继续 ; 当时 , 当然 , 这个友谊将生存到天堂的身份 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 在36个爱情社交网络中 , 人们希望通过手机付款 , 特别是音乐和视频付款 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号在一个非常高的频率和两个采样之间的差异被定量化为获得数字信号 , i.sigmadelta代码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	对于我来说 , 我觉得 , 没有改变我总是有一个成功 , 个性是现实 , 但我喜欢一个阴影 , 让我在这里 , 真的是我的错误吗 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年后 , 95%的元素汞通过化学反应 , 变成了硫化物 , 黑色固体 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18公园的位置 , 有一个电气室 , 供应商柴油发电机和电器设备添加到本地的四个存储 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	ustream , 活动视频流动服务最近感谢hibau的小狗 , 只是公布了水刷 , 新的白色标签流动视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:socket、电路断路、dcjack、数字开关、dip开关、emi滤波器、fuser、钩开关、关键开关、微开关、推开关等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他在数字媒体生产中拥有超过10年的经验 , 工作视频 , 仍然是图像和声音 。 他在社会和环境问题上追求长期项目 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于卡斯托尔的比赛历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳发动机性能在最艰难的骑条件下增加的加速 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	国民平均价格现在上涨四美元的气体 , 最高的平均价格如阿拉斯加、加利福尼亚、连接和华盛顿州 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米体系的小尺寸必须被视为强场 , 使导电性公式考虑非线性反应非常重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可保护h2o2受伤的内皮细胞 , 可在预防和治疗缺血再灌注的疾病中添加一定的作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	论述了利用头空气色谱法测定1 , 4-二氧化碳含量的方法 , 讨论了头空气色谱的因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	因此 , 穿上一个温暖的浪漫新家 , 一个温暖的和过度的婚姻床 , 自然成为优先权之一 , 传统的部门商店在床上 , 所以搅拌一个池塘 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	根据其它生理现象的频率滤波 , 提高了室内节点的频率 , 降低了室内节点的频率 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常检查特定的规则集合 , 您可能希望在您自己的规则文件中结合它们 , 如清单2所示 , 这个规则设置进口基本、命名和设计规则 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年2月14日 , 一名警察在东京鲸船委员会的特别会议中编制了绿太空成员 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	结合现有的食品市场可保持长期和稳定的出口 , 利用比较优势解决我国食品的供应平衡问题和需求 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	总结了高桥梁钢筋混凝土裂缝在控制和防治措施的基础上 , 总结了铁路政策的原因 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为了防止贸易者群体 , 必须扩大公民参与 , 改革行业治理结构 , 共识建设机制的兴趣 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北阴凤之外 , 六个绝对是寺庙 , 还有一些强烈的高山河 , 地狱驱动了十宫绅士 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨机器人csr2辅助系统三分子门诊区和临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称 。 黄野 。 一起 , 粘贴线和观看zanzzzzzzzzzzzzles , 同时学习比例、匹配、标准和对称性 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到20世纪60年代 , 石油和天然气开始丰富 , 这个小型 , 扩展 , 胰岛半岛大幅增加 , 让单独一城镇任何大小 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另外一个观点是 , 斯切尔先生现在把它放在一个 " 革命主义 " , 同时也是一个渐进主义者 , 经常没有广告的目标 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	1991年退休后 , 他保持了一个低档档案 , 尽管他被妻子生了 , 高度声称北京戏曲歌手姜玲 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	据研究报道 , 世界上最受欢迎的网络网站facebook的成员花了205亿分钟 , 增加了56% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	在一个特别恶意的批评中 , 所谓的sctymuus , 匿名的anglican对手攻击不仅是这些六名预防部长 , 而且攻击了米尔顿 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个未知的原因 , 有时候他向祖先推广后 , 他坐落在星球纳波的皇家宫殿里 , 他帮助埃尔帝国飞行员训练 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的进口形式和女性 , 明星巴克从开放的平衡和麦当劳制造的女性和女性队列分别为其手术 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子将出现最高的原子轨道 , 这是最高能量的能量 , 因为这将是最高能量的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我的爱来到我的身边 , 当我身边的颤抖和我的眼睛滴下来时 , 夜暗 , 风吹出灯 , 云从明星上抽出来 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你这是坏的 , 希望永远是 , 谷歌搜索结果的业务不好 , " 谷歌在博客邮报中写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	尼桑的首席创意官shironakamura说 , 该公司将 " 提高我们在中国和亚洲的产品竞争力 , 汽车行业继续看到稳定的增长 " 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用此rm时 , 请仔细打开颈部和皮普通10ml , 从假设到250ml体积平板 , 并通过纯化水体积带来体积 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不再能看到像皮格银行一样热烈 , " 格洛萨克逊历史上的一位当局 , 与员工们的财政任务相信 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过分析不同的超声衰减过程 , 给出了重量超声生产速率和最终极极化的一般公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数当地美学都是临床上使用的相对水理分子 , 通过扩散到或通过细胞膜来获得它们的阻塞网站 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81加固钢纤维加强混凝土梁和66个加固钢纤维加固梁的试验结果 , 确定模型中的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	该网站还使用开源博客apacherollerver版本4.0.0.12 , mysqltm数据库服务器和缓存 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	比萨尔看着600米高的建筑 , 在水和能源中自足 , 被贝吉亚设计师维奇·卡尔巴特认为是基于纽约的罗斯福岛的 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 盒子 " 仍然坚持这个著名的胶原来解决水中的外表 , 更好地告诉大家这个产品和瑜伽饮料一起 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	鉴于对慢性每日头痛或紧张型头痛有吸引力作用 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母的行为被放在一个重量的侧面 , 那么你会确定如何建立健康的vs.低自我系统 ?
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	" 他说 , 时间是最大的问题 , 中央当局对当地政府有特定的标准 , 因此 " 分类 " 无法避免 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	上面 , 这个虚拟分层图像在大峡谷 , 显示了由科罗拉多河创造的分形模式 。 红色图像中显示了植物的区域 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来 , 无土化石追踪鲸鱼的狗类似于蜂窝植物的狗类 , 遗传分析发现鲸类最近居住的亲属 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维组织图表从加固混凝土中构建 , 每个教室或工作坊占据了一个分化的卷 , 允许周围看到整个院子 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	二十世纪末期的 " 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 是影响全球化时代出现学科 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的封口相比 , 标准封口使人们在标准数码模式编写邮件编码 , 提高邮件处理效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规格的水珠、南阳珠、新鲜水珠、珠珠、半孔松珠、3/4松梨珠和完成珠宝 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高建筑设计中建筑师的生态、效率和经济资源四元责任和责任 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	根据质孔数据 , 分析了中侏罗煤层分布特征、煤承载特性、煤承载性、煤层组合期 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	作为一个例子 , 应用最大轨道优化 , 给出了一种双阶球导弹 , 并给出了一种原始和最优轨迹的比较 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开放源项目的基本原因 , 并没有关闭的资源部门 , 就是我们没有兴趣在销售或支持它的业务中 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	一些物种在洪水季节洪水中被淹没 , 只有一些高的草草生存 , 主要物种属于graminea和cyperace 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	每个人都被头抓住 , 然后把他的剑在他的同伴的边 , 所以他们一起下来 , 所以那个地方叫赫尔卡扎伊姆 , 这是基本的 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	通过神经外科医生在 " 内血管内血管时代引起的脑血管实践 , 我们描述了一系列不断破坏的ias 。
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	政府提供的公共商品的不平衡已经成为城乡区和农村区的深层原因 , 影响城市和农村区间的差距 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过权利和侧向通过液压液压液压系统驱动 , 指出液压液压系统存在的问题 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 外国批评家们今天的数据和争论更强的元收益 , " 香港经济学家贝恩·辛普德弗说 。
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行的比例说 , 其比例是9月底的健康1.6% , 比其他两家大银行的数字低于公共交易的其他两家银行 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于子适应和滤波后投影算法的新算法 , 以估计宽适应图像中心散射中心的对象散射中心 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我正在北达科塔的孩子成长时 , 我母亲为她的五个孩子做了烹饪袋 , 当她完成时 , 她把热条从锅里拉出来 , 把纸巾上设置在纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于排放温度、完成磨削和涂料在热轧厂实践中考虑了轧面级和表面级之间的约束 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一家9亿美元的法律顾问hsbc两次雇佣kpmg , 一个会计公司 , 探讨madof先生 , 但银行在提升时不能行动 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	除了等待伦敦的消息或从母亲的一些国家悲剧中抽出来 , 在这里 , 几页里 , 整个故事都在他面前 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟的业务 , 他访问了奥萨瓦纳河 , 一百英里的萨瓦纳河 , 他已经旅行了 , 远远离那个城市西部的老镇 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	陕西病毒品种的调查和鉴定结果显示 , cmv、tmv、pv、tev和bbbwv的一部分是混合感染 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	在19世纪的拉克斯条件下 , 一个马菲亚神父被报道为他的生日与查普纳和洛布斯特一起庆祝他的生日 , 已经获得了 " 大酒店 " 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997.11年 " 行政安全基金 " 实施以来 , 我国安全基金已迅速发展 , 获得了良好的结果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	印度东南部的一个城镇 , 建于1610年 , 位于他皇帝荣誉的马索柱附近 。 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主要课程选择外 , 波尼俱乐部提供了一种反映中海和海鲜食品的选择 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另外一个见证 , 尤里没有给他最后一个名字 , 告诉俄罗斯州的第一个通道电视说 , 震动波很强 , 把他扔到地板上 , 把他的帽子吹出来 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列人说 , 军队在攻击之后只使用手枪 , 然后发布一个视频显示士兵从直升机上升到一群坚持和俱乐部的人群 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	本文采用9种生态类型的日本稻线总59种 , 分析了f1杂交物质量特征 , 并对303种交叉组合中产生的f1杂交品质特征进行了分析 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	印度工作的一个人类学家ruthfreed发现 , 印度的家庭用曲线来修改他们的公寓 , 用曲线来分离男女的空间 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了理解投资问题外 , 他的心理健康和物质滥用主任谢克哈尔萨克森纳说 , 低收入国家有很少精神健康专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言相对合并的问题往会变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员确定为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	白人学生作为一个研究参与者的评论使他简单地离开房间 , 显示出来自中等到极端种族污染 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论腹部切口中只有足够的超临床脂肪的性能 , 且在腹部内放置橡胶滴水是一种简单、有效的方法 , 防止肥胖患者脂肪液的有效方法 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同npt的氧供氧和氧需求的重要因素 , 但在恢复时间内的脑缺血需要特殊关注 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京日报周六表示 , 北京警方预计在国内暴力交往 , 作为立法者穆尔将修正法律保护妇女权利和利益 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	结果表明 , 大豆饮食纤维胆固醇酶明显提高 , 并测定了大豆饮食纤维胆固醇的处理工艺 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	fitch说 , 希腊银行在东南欧和土耳其增加收入多样化 , 但这来自于更加挥发的经济 , 其中一些也经历了衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河道追踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀登和东方会遇到室外生存 , 玩得很多技巧 , 一个过渡团队只像个人成员一样强劲 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	bilberry是蓝莓密切的亲戚 , 被称为黑色紫色 。 bilberry自然包含甲醇 , 并帮助支持健康的眼功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	微软与windows7.即使在beta形式上有一定的问题 , 公司的新桌面os正在收集从博客角度的所有角度 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	累累累和可预测的答案 , 比如 " 我是一个艰难的工人 " , " 我是由新机会学习 " 工作采访 ? 你应该考虑奇怪的问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	冯玉54是浙江省台州农业研究学院和林海种子站的新型杂交稻组合 , 是浙江省台州农业研究学院 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们问这个问题 , 带s2作为给定 , s1最大化这个表达式和gentleman说 , 我将分化 , 然后我将设置等于0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	大学准备第四年进入考试的人力资源大学毕业生学位 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺乏是心理描述 , 可以在行动中进行 , rub描绘 , 另外 , 还可以添加环境描述 , 本文将看起来更多的vivid 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一家专业的电缆制造商 , 国王信号的产品主要服务手机通信、数字微波通信、航空、多媒体和军事 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	探讨timsui的文化熔融池 , 建立了另一位王卡尔威电影 , " 春宁表达 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 主体的生命标志稳定 , 代谢支持明显 , 表明:我们构建的生物官方肝支持系统是安全、稳定、有效的 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	同样 , 在左边 , 缺乏可见性 , 激励公司意味着改变努力不能实际证明政策制定者的成功 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	一种湿磷酸净化萃取法包括:第一步 , 用热水浸泡和提取有机溶剂 , 然后空气热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品设计是基于16世纪欧洲和其他eras的古典线路 , 可以修改和结合个人客户的欲望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	蔡元北是一个伟大的思想家 , 教育家和革命家 。 从他的思想、词言行为和行为中 , 我们可以知道他的伟大思维 , 哲学家的性格和伟大的男性 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	河水湖发展生态旅游的优点是环境、植物、野生动物、历史和文化 , 我们也必须注意一些问题 , 首先 , 重视整体分布 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双带rna制备后描述基因沉积技术 , 改变油植物中主要脂肪酸的相对比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据《人民日报》报道 , 中国继续成为世界第二大经济 , 与日本每天的1.37万美元相比 , 相比 , 中国仍然是世界上最大的经济 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	民族反恐委员会表示 , 特殊部队杀死了2名军事和拘留 , 而且在莫斯科郊郊区的一个第三个人 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道染色和电子显微镜观察了脊髓前角形态变化的典型模式 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:分别对164名患者进行康复教育、心理讲话娱乐活动、各种心理学支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 对张永明诗歌写作意义进行了分析 , 证明了诗歌的理由 , 可以实现观察的女性角度和其价值 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行对贫困国家财政部长的贷款严重影响着困难、急性失业和后来的不稳定 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以大程度存储在目标区域 , 因此 , 非目标区域的密度可明显降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	通过多个视角缓慢运动反馈证据的传递 , 风格的路已经不迅速 , 他准备对尼乌卡的观点进行道歉 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	泉江盆地水污染主要来源于国内废水 , 然后非点源污染也很重要 , 产业污染也很少 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文试图通过对儒家、道教、穆罕主义等思维的影响 , 探讨军事主义思维的文化根源 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一种修复的组织代表水平、平滑、平滑、平滑的组织 , 与周边土炭区的胆囊细胞更成熟 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	探讨椎体和肺脂溶栓的关系 , 以及pvp中水泥注射速度与pmma泄漏的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	2007年8月12日电--bae系统展示了国家防御工业协会权力和能源协会的原型模块电力系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国冶金集团访问了阿雅诺克铜矿的一家代表 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态远远 , 快速处理速度快 , 健康的皮肤细胞到表面 , 有3倍以上公式的非acid皮肤精制剂 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	在沙特房间里 , 高的冰绿色玻璃是如何的欢迎 , 带着颜色和外面的圆形 , 阳光的圆形是海外和尘埃的道路燃烧 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿下面报道了利比亚反叛运动内部的分裂 , 并且哈尔说 , 她是第一次 " 纳塔联盟 " 提供军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	由于lbj的 " 伟大的社会 " 等 , 一个 " 自由 " 的人声称荣耀 , 提高财政 , 支出其他人民币 " 自由 " 的钱 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	自2003年开始以来 , 由微软基金保罗·艾伦创造的保罗·艾伦 , 全球研究所组装了一个较小的人脑大脑 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦人说: " 在今天结束时 , 沉降和平是两个平行轨道 。 以色列同时没有解决和平 。 "
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇人说 , " 世界上只有一个途径 , 你就不会重新重新重新 , 你一定要在整个年里沉默 , 不要笑 。 "
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	开山羊欢迎所有商人参加全民主、自主、热爱和潜在的生活改革 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	今天公布的查瑟姆家庭研究显示 , 非法监测已经下降50%到75% , 超过卡梅隆 , 印尼西和巴西阿马逊的过去十年 ;
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺一起呆在一起更好或更糟糕的人 , 为了更糟糕的 , 在病和健康中 , 荣誉和珍惜 , 直到死亡中 , 直到死亡 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京1月17日 , 15日中午的当地时间 , 新华 , 匈牙利资本预算 , 一个拥挤的迪奥夜间邮票 , 杀死三个妇女死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	为了更多阅读 , 包括法律上可以代表您 , 如果选择雇佣移民代表 , 检查cic的web页面移民代表 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学拒绝的实践特点 , 内在地包含批评和建设的方向 , 是实践解决基本的解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究了自动生成地质概率和断裂的数据结构 , 并可应用gis函数 , 分析了自动生成地质概率和断裂的数据结构 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从一个新的角度 , 提出了一种基于遥感图像的多个特征分析方法 , 以克服pixel的分析方法的限制 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会进入了汽车增长的峰值时期 , 汽车主人在车上花越来越多的时间 , 从汽车到危险人民健康不能忽视 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph激励活性 , 降低功率 , 总磷化合物 , 抑制羟基和超氧离子辐射的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , 卡波特还介绍了其它先进产品 , 包括主浆、导化合物、喷墨颜色、气凝和专业钻井液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但是 , 在机器通知的情况下 , 可以明显减少能源使用 , 因此 , 温室气体污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	这个任务 " 找到和看病人记录 " 可能由大多数组织使用 , 而任务 " 创建和更新病人记录 " 可能只是通过承认和前桌员工使用 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	采用结构光线的范围发现技术的主要缺点是 , 无法通过采样摄像机获得无视的点数据 , 或不能被光源照明 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件dclet.tc.xml被引用为该插件的内容表 , 这个文件将为eclipse左板中的层次信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	提出了许多隐私存储算法 , 包括相关规则、分类、聚类等 , 但几种算法都是外部检测 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女人和男人在很多简单的任务上工作 , 比如搜索关键或做数学问题时 , 女人也显著地表现出男人 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	埃德南诺先生不能从129名法律制造商联盟到奥萨瓦先生 , 上周投票了肯先生作为党领导人 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改进路由免疫:合伙关系集中在减少疾病的情况下 , 比如polio和mesle也有助于建立新的和现有疫苗的更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	gbagbo的出口是西非联盟的国务卿贝科马的发言人 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育不可能是本职业生涯的必要性 , 但在汽车和柴油技术的基本培训中 , 你可以在门上获得一个足够的前景 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了更换健身金卡 , 请通过区休闲服务办公室或运动中心提交卡表格 , 并支付25美元 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	达中帕胡椒 " 大辣椒 " , 肉 , 厚厚 , 色彩 , 丰富 , 味道丰富 , 具有 " 中国名法 " 的声誉 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:回顾天津10所医院呼吸系统感染253例acb患者的临床资料及抗生素耐药性 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	本文简要介绍了水性表面的原理和降渣原理 , 简要综述了近年来制备这种水性表面的新途径和最近进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效率和精确分类已经提高了超晶粒磨削效率 , 从而提高了321矿石渗透率 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	当我正在寻找一个 " 出口 " 的时候 , 我是被湖江的 , 为我出生的女儿带来了灵活的计划 , 现在几乎5个月 。
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	另外 , 清洁工艺可以使用无针塑料同步洗牙 , 用中压水洗牙或软洗 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	美元标志教授总是宣布最新的革命管理技术或最热新的 " 吸尘器 " 的发现 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	周二 , 瑞典一直剧烈 , 在8月份的一份报告显示 , 美国制造业在8月回归到一年以来第一次扩展 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	伯克利大学建筑系主席玛丽·卡里奥说 , 建筑是最乐观的专业 , 是伯克利大学的建筑系主席 。
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	该设计由法国建筑师杰克·鲁格里 , 一个基于水的建设项目的兽医 , 并由联合国文化机构联合国文化机构支持 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放的洛杉矶空间 , 四位创始人在一个年轻人站在屏幕上 , 四个是圣雅根 。
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 , 利用matlab软件分析了自适应梁形成的服务算法 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	指定两个双臂单元 , 作为每个lcss无人工表面车辆的通信设备包的一部分 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 劳特格捐赠了他的负面、专辑、摄像机和个人透明法国 , 从这些照片和文本中 , 我们发现了一个经典生活的故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	在阿尔蒂德 , 空气压力降低 , 因此 , 气动力学影响如拖动 , 升升 , 最终导致球运动速度和直径比下降更快 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	世界股市今星期由msci测量 , 本周高点51/2周 , 投资者将数十亿美元的现金值得工作 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	全地介绍和具体分析是关于学生的运动和教师手册的概念、选择、组织和展示、内容、内容、内容、内容、内容、内容和表达 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你太疲惫了 , 离开房子的限制 , 插入电话 , 锁着门 , 打击帽子 , 整个周末 , 完全没有什么 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	与李涛一样 , 一位早期亚洲的内部 , 朱肯保持了中国风格局在他们的后果南部和部落状态中规则的中国风格局 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 就像你们一样熟悉 , 比如在麦达达拉烹饪一幅画 , 以及熟悉周围的奇怪感觉 , 比如东京今晚 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林切断的增加 , 平均高和直径也增加 , 但单位面积的数量减少 , 更新的销量从任务到均匀的变化 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含人皮过敏反应、非毒、无毒、无毒、无味、左、右gm的任何自然乳液成分 , 可耐用 , 以及良好的粘附 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	二十岁的蒙蒂尔 , 只有在橙色的水里洗澡 , 正在把玫瑰叶放在皮尔内拉的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们在这里使用这样的工具 , 在@toprank生长自己的twitter存在和客户在日常基础上 , 学习了twitter最佳实践和工具最佳工具 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以产生特异免疫反应 , 主要通过活化肿瘤抗原 , 特别是抗肿瘤特异抗原 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	由冰淇淋和瓶水到电动灯、汽车和航天灯引起了许多生命交换发明 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月晚些时候 , si发表了他的指责 , 这是我国研究社区的著名的 " 伪科学 " 和学术误导 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	无论病毒结果或病毒特异cd4t细胞反应 , 可急性hcvin感染患者 , 无论病毒特异性cd4t细胞反应 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我还感谢布鲁斯·李先生的家人对他们的全心支持 。 李先生的窗户 , 个人帮助制定一个前居民的布局计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	shin以前的solo努力包括2005年专辑 " 特别感谢......最佳选择 " 和 " 累累 " , 但他最近的打击 , " 我 " 标志shin第一张专辑 " 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市中 , 运动模块已经从当地政府中破坏了陡峭的承诺 , 作为他们的足球、篮球、霍克西和巴西·弗兰奇的新宫殿价格 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于瓷器是陶瓷 , 因此它的表面平滑 , 不像老粘合材料一样 , 它不会被染色咖啡 , 茶 , 红色葡萄或烟 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	澳大利亚是一家国际采购商 , 需要购买纺织材料和织物、家具、纺织品、礼品、陶瓷等 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	前肢体重、后肢体长度、前肢体长度、前肢长度、背肢长度、后肢长度、后肢长度和第三脚长度呈现正常分布模式 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	在西班牙、意大利和希腊的文化立体中 , 有一个古老的 " 南方 " 分裂部分与荷兰、卢克斯堡和德国关键 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式也参加了王启山 , 林九华 , 王建华 , 美国副总统约伯登 , 国务卿希拉里·克林顿等陪伴员工 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	拉丁的思想挑战了传统心理治疗的观点 , 引发人们查询这些基本假设 , 规定自己的生活和思想 , 离开心理实践的标志 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰·莱德罗格里米兰对米兰的官方网站讲话: " 是的奇怪 , 但现在我在西娜 , 想赢得这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验结果表明 , pca前2年产生的模型具有95.8%的内样品和93.3%的外样品 , 改性方法97.5%和90% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	乔治·华盛顿总统弗兰克林·罗斯福和乔治·约翰逊说: " 这项预算对我国的未来增加了更多的债务 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	重武装一下 , 看到你的巨大形式 , 眼睛 , 手臂 , 腿 , 脚 , 脚 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 手臂 , 全部的行星都有恐惧 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	它还有高层教师 , 所有有外交学位 , 其中包括一位与国家关键教师冠军 , 两位与北京关键教师冠军 , 六位与西城关键教师冠军 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	描述vti介质的宏观速度模型与当前速度估计方法一致 , 同时可以同时适应异常、弱异常和强抗逆热 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , ptp1b与ir表达水平或活性的变化可能影响胰岛素签名 , 并且可能导致胰岛素抵抗在i型糖尿病中观察到的胰岛素抵抗 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国首席执行官阿里斯蒂尔·达林与他的部长红色调度盒一起拥有 , 因为他离开11个下街 , 路径将年度预算送给普通的房子 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	通过mtt检测 , 测定了nk细胞的杀灭活性 , 并通过直接免疫荧光法测定了t细胞子cd4+ , cd8+ 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园可能是燕or房子 , 真正的湖泊 , 全部装备高端家具 , 所有礼物 , 土地利益良好 , 通信丰富的贵贵气体 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在精子和卵巢中 , 证明钙信号在一系列复杂的过程中具有很大的作用:吸收、染色反应、卵巢成熟、肥胖、胚胎清洁等 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南龙选取质量吸烟的猪肉 , 添加新鲜的蛋 , 纯净的蘑菇淀粉 , 姜和小粒芝麻油 , 搅拌成粉碎 , 搅拌成粉碎 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	突尼西亚的选举和前利比亚领导人穆罕默尔·卡扎菲的戏剧演绎已经推动伊朗赞助地图的指控 , 以避免沙特的敌对华盛顿 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icsbtv是上海媒体集团广带有限公司开发的一个新广带电视客户机 , 它使人们看到ics、生命和vod的编辑程序 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	1896年 , 阿马拉北埃塞俄比亚南部的一个城镇 , 帝国梅尼克决定在这里击败意大利人 , 以确保埃塞俄比亚独立的识别 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是随着这个例子 , 您可以意识到 , 随着一些更多的思想和智能运动 , 我不会说智能设计 , 智能设计可以实际上解决这个问题 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	意大利媒体周二报道 , 罗马4月7日袭击中央意大利 , 至少150人死亡 , 受伤了约1500人 , 500人 , 受伤了7万人无家庭 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据军事部队军事部队的运行员 , ddg169武汉编码了ddg169武汉 , 综合运动着重于快速反应、检查和模拟攻击 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗在所有这些东西里的消息是 , 我没有做错的事 , 我只是在这里遵守法律 , 我在这里为我的民族和我民族传统 , 犹太人 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	像以前的袭击一样 , 星期三在香港北部的繁忙区域的事件显然从附近的高层建筑中扔进了一个拥挤的购物区 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	尽管中央银行认为 , 经济不能承担 , 但中央银行的集合需求最终确定了职业水平 , 但没有嫉妒稳定价格 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究主题每周吃蔬菜整体食物 , 每天10%的热量 , 每周走30分钟 , 使用压力缩技术 , 每周到一次支持组 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街标共存 , 各种手工文件 , 用ivory和木雕雕刻图片 , 最高的鸟 , 花 , 形状生命类似的旅游生活 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究旨在描述正常台湾成年的pinch强度规范 , 并探讨年龄、性别、高度、数字长度对pinch强度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州公路104个国家公路 , 北京上海铁路通过北部和南部运行 , 因为古代 " fdbwa三号 " 九个省彻底法 " 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年代和1970年代大规模363英尺的火箭发射到阿波罗宇航员到月球上 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何在远山地区居住的迈克妇女 , 知道尹阳鱼 , 汉文化的典型象征标志标志标志标志 , 体现了所谓的阴阳哲学 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生说 , 周二和周二 , 学生在大学行政建筑外保持和平示威 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严肃运行17届国会精神 , 对抗腐败工作和诚实的政府建设 , 6 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 商务部发布了 " 数千个乡村 " 的商务部 , 飞行员通知市场作品 " 正式发布 " 数千个农村村 " 的市场作品 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	samsungnx10运动的专家建立了一个大型3.0 " 的电子屏幕 , 传送远比lcd屏幕更清晰的图像 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能导致一个 " 极性冰帽 " 熔融 , 迫使人类住在船上 , 或是 " 海湾流停止 " , 转变纽约市变成巨大的冰箱 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险小化原理 , 研究了误差penalty参数c和内核参数对矢量机通用能力的影响 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过全名句子的分析和全名句的概率逻辑系统 , 我们具有良好的解决方案 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的常规 , 克里斯托弗·赫奇肯斯 , 一个极端主义 , 显示 , " 当喜剧主席平行 , 他们成为法庭主义者 , 国家成为巴纳共和国 。 "
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	正如詹姆尔贝尔哈杰一般的公债总监 , 说: " 对于我们保持固定和浮动率债务的最佳结合来说 , 我们的债务服务成本非常重要 。 "
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	设计访问引擎、柴油泵、齿轮箱、刀具、刀具、刀具、刀具、rs、电屋控制、达什板和加热等电子诊断系统 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	律师的协会应当根据律师法律规定执行专业自我规定 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	老年创伤患者的循环功能很重要 , 可能主要是由假伏症引起的 , 但对心脏不足的鉴别可能是必要的 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们在社会和情感学习中谈到五个核心竞争 , " weissberg说 , " 自我意识、社会意识、关系技能和责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 净化 , 水洗 , 壁屏 , 旋转鼓屏 , 喷气扩散器 , 泵 , 水滤波器 , 带滤波器 , 粉末溶液泵和泵设备 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了基于nullcouuuuuupler的oadm的基本原理和仿真方法 , 尤其是在ybranch结构的交叉谈中和tiled格式耦合性能 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治·布什经常在10pm床 , 托马斯·爱迪松 , 纳波仑 , 康多拉兹 , 米斯 , 在4.30毫米的时候 , 最严肃的海明威是那些被称为拉克 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	结论采用酸和碱溶解法 , 氨基酸分析和tg法制备了某些相互分子交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 敦促联合国在某些传统武器上 " 的协议 " , 协议附加 , 以便为集群武器提供立法性 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 基于经济价值 , 这些损失将进一步800亿美元到900亿美元 , 将总信贷损失17万亿美元的危机时期 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	星期五 , 美国代表家星期五将再次投票700亿美元的补贴计划 , 预计星期五再次投票 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可证人希望向许可证人提供资金的许可证人提供协议 , 并且许可证人需要从许可证人、非可签名的地理限制许可获得 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	根据发酵的瑜伽小时 , 我们用新鲜的牛奶作为原料 , 添加了稳定剂 , 蜜 , 精华 , 糖进入乳酸细菌生产水果味饮料 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	诗人yiannisritos曾经称为monmovasia " 一艘石头船 " , 而那些曾经访问过 " 贪婪 " , 萨尔托福地球美 " , 这是 " 从现实世界上 " 的新鲜逃避 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种发生时 , 胰岛素产生更多的补偿 , 与胰岛素的血液流 , 血液中胰岛素的高水平有关 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	本专利的支柱公式 , 包括有效的临床证明自然成分 , 以解决男性激素调制的5个关键阶段 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行资源表示 , 虽然有一个完整的采取被看作是一个伸展的公司 , 但有些公司可能在亚洲 , 包括hp的竞争对手 , 比如中国莱诺夫集团有限公司和台湾公司 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	针对西安市农业结构调整的必要性和思考 , 分析了西南农业现状 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	光学网、光学间接、光学存储、激光印刷等单基本模态垂直腔的潜在应用 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年支出减少了1.3% , 后来 , 德国国防部推荐了几个军队基地 , 并从250 , 000到18万 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	邱林是新人 , 重量很好 , 但她在他人眼中是假说的 , </p><qulin去董事 , 坚持自己 , 董事们欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	2008年第四季度的增长数字显然很清楚 , 因为大多数分析师 , 他正在努力解决世界第三大经济的真正发生什么 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全面的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的破产法 , 应该恢复目前的违法缺乏个人破产的缺陷 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过仿真和改进 , 得到了更准确的实验数据 , 得到了亚氨多米光谱的准确曲线 , 最后得到了线性系数为0.995 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累答案 , 但因为我提取 , x只是将x更多的负面 , 随着它进入一个无限循环 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	副总统乔·伯登今天对共和党的采访进行反应 , " 我听到很多批评 , 但我从来没有听到任何东西的反应 。 "
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一种独特的环境 , 山范围具有较强的生命形式 , 然而 , 挑战为物种适应和进化提供必要的动机 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 该试验可以帮助制备葡萄糖等离子体 , 具有理想的de值 , 可明显降低实验、节省人力资源、时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 乔治市大学教育中心的主持罗伯特·塞格尔问安东尼卡纳瓦 , 乔治敦大学的主任 , 如果这数字正确 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个person的业务 , 邀请您的发表或显著的朋友 , 知道您的业务 , 如果你可以在小时的资金账户或证券上获得 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国对能源的风险让国家在达到 " 高峰煤 " 的风险 , 当需求的时候 , 国内生产能力将扩大到国内生产能力 , 越来越多的专家相信 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了雕塑陶瓷作品 , 虽然抽象 , 在自然世界 , 但简单的曲线和绝缘形式探索生物形状和结构增长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节约计划是在孩子年轻时期的资产集团 , 随着孩子们的年轻时候 , 经营了更多的保守组合 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中晚期粉末 , 成熟的水果与小绿色、高淀粉、高质量、适合于冻结的治疗或选择粉末 , 早春种植 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国有4000家公司 , 根据百度资金签署曝光第一季度 , 在客户数量上 , 百度广告只有161万份 , 0.4%的持有公司总总额 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	越来越多的思考开放 , 看着雅虎开发商网络的采访 , 与nyt的桌面获得了rid , 高级软件架构师在时间开放后面的时候开放 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在1990年的icrp建议中 , 引入了一种新的重量因子 , 来替代吸收剂量平均值的质量因子q , 以更换吸收剂量的质量因子 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	介绍了一种基于朗格图信号的最大幅度标记pitch的算法 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	这位利物浦经理在昨晚在伯明翰市访问前的六场比赛中总统 , 他声称他是 " 100% " , 他的团队将开始攀登桌子 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这种技术来目标gm植物时 , 我们就可以简单地识别并杀死gm株并没有伤害传统植物的gm株 。 "
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上拖出来 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " 比尔·克霍克说 , 一个相关心理3教授 , 以及这项研究的作者 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	虽然许多人继续识别黑眼睛 , 但zoller说 , 它从来没有在审计上出现风格 , 只要它太重了 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	中国城市上海、深圳和广州移动到12、22nd和23rd 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	因此 , 即使选项提供灵活性、活性和可扩展性 , 即使使用静态vxml文件 , 更容易使用静态vxml文件 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然的珍惜 , 党的生活 , 我们的情感 , 智慧的触摸 , 闪烁心灵 , 清新心灵 , 强烈的海泽永远带来多样的感觉 , 突然生命相适合 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata是另一家大型矿业公司 , 在多米尼克尔共和国尼克尔矿业中悬挂运营 , 同时将其供应转换成煤炭 , 而不仅仅是昂贵的 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据重要价值 , 北京武山自然保护植被分为3种植物类型、5种植物类型、42种、139个协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的东西 , 因为如果你来回答宇宙直径附近的答案 , 那么宇宙的直径 , 那么你会知道 , 你可能会知道宇宙的直径 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2010年1月15日 , 美国航天卫星上的先进空气热排放和反射射辐射器在nasa的太空卫星捕捉这些虚拟分子图像 , 以及2003年1月21月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	由于schome基因、转录原理和蛋白质积累信息的积累信息 , 深入了解单分子的功能 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死海矿物改善皮肤细胞代谢 , 减轻肌肉裂纹和刚度 , 保护体对流体损失和平衡酸碱水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司为硬化、正常化、温度高、中温淬火、现金带淬火、水泥、时间冻结、高温处理等提供了依据 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	南通大学张浩峰化工系 ; 国家化学纤维改性实验室 ; 东华大学 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约:美国宇宙县警察周五在最好的购买电子商店外 , 标志着传统的购物季节 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国帮助者罗德尼·昆宁汉姆的志愿者 , 感谢低收入家庭的食物 , 他将自身喂养自己的四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 吴镇有一种营养能源 , " 今年的剧院节艺术主任梅金华说 , " 在内容和预算方面 , 他们已经给我们完全自由 。
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	经过欣赏展览后 , 列先生买了几种舒适的纪念品 , 查询购买图片的业务 , 向主作品展示心灵感情 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	分析了纤维级pt芯片的检测结果 , 来自内粘度、死亡甘油含量、熔点、碳基结束、聚合粒子和粉末 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	随着儿子的眼睛 , 丰富的广场大成了美丽 , 纯洁的jade发出了光线 , 显示出人们心中结束完美的生物精神 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 元石庄皇帝库布拉伊在联合国战争结束后 , 坚定发布了一个令南拆除城墙 , 后来严格禁止修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgf的表达主要是在移植动脉动脉平等表达中发现的肾外血管和上皮细胞 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	朱莉·詹森说: " 我不知道我想要的事业教练和作者 , 但我知道这并非这么多 。 " 我告诉我的客户不要把他们的薪水 。 "
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	任何级别的当地政府的预算包括政府在低水平和收入中转移的收入 , 或是政府收入的补贴 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	你可能有一些愉悦、令人惊叹、光亮的小时 , 即使在贫困的房子里 , 设置阳光从上面的窗户中反映出来 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少20名当地马达拉斯学生已经消失了 , 大多数可能加入阿富汗战争 , 塔利班后卫甚至试图阻止传统音乐和舞蹈 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据中医学院呼吸分支的诊断标准 , 选择81例中性支气管哮喘患者 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这基于aix5.3出现的变化 , 当你不再要转移严格的maxclient , 增加minfee和maxfree , 或减少最小的 , 和maxclient 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	华尔街所谓的恐惧标准 , 尽管今天早些时候股票下跌 , 尽管在商人看到保护的原因更少 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教国会议会在1999年举办了会议 ; 2004年 , 巴塞罗纳 , 西班牙 , 下一次在澳大利亚 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在击败北美 , 它的尾巴在其流感季节结束 , 可能是病毒可能会彼得并重复下一个秋天 , 但这给我们准备好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 每场比赛都很好 , " 拉姆奥多星期六说 , " 所以我们下午10分钟左 , 六分钟左 , 我们知道我们可以回来赢得那场比赛 。 "
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , tmcs的成立和证明了企业客户系统的工作流程 , 依赖于航空预订和服务能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	保守的消防品牌签署了多年的协议 , 作为fox新闻发布人 , 电缆通道的执行副总裁布什说 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	最近几周美国高级官员承认 , 国际社会花了500万美元的估计 , 将远远离完美的投票 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	他们补充说: " 因此 , 在设计研究黄酮类食品、抗氧化活性和变性疾病之间 , 需要考虑饮食习惯 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后我们说 , 如果你看电子的元素 , 你也可以实现octet稳定性和电子转移 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效位置算法和误差估计 , 给出了基于切比shev地图的公钥方案的改进 , 并给出了一种关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇、三甲醛和胺为材料 , 制备了六种新型schiff基底三聚合物 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带了一些古老的包装案件和破碎厨房椅的座位 , 以及那种类型的东西 , 把它们传播到rafter上 , 这样就要做一点地板 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	可口可乐南太平洋去年运营广告称为 " 母亲和妈妈 " , " 特色是澳大利亚女演员克里·阿姆斯坦 , 并声称凯迪是 " 孩子安全 " 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 通过cofc诱导了人胚胎肺外交纤维细胞的恶性转化 , 可能对人类有潜在的致癌性 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光在单晶硅薄膜基质上生长或单晶硅薄膜基质上 , 沉积缓冲层 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私人二级学校不可能成功 , 在自己的环境中 , 吸引学生的高质量来源 , 学校必须有高质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论h2表达与胃心腺癌有密切相关 , 她2的阳性表达是胃癌的预后指标 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcr对两个细胞线中cxcr4mrna表达进行研究 , 并用流细胞分析法测定cxcr4表达 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	然而 , 纽约生活保险公司的表现从来没有错过华尔街预期 , 因为纽约的寿命保险公司提高了155亿美元的美国生活保险公司 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	如groovy或ruby这样的语言中构建脚本更容易阅读 , 有更少的关闭程序 , 锅炉代码 , 并且您的构建脚本可以更好 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马的下降并没有破坏新文化最重要的十分紧张和重要方面之一 , 罗马天主教堂仍然成为新文化的中心事实 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西利先生是一位80岁的抗议员 , 他在与共和党领导人共和党领导人共和党一起共和党领导人一起宣布自己的生活 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	在美国的婴儿体育者正在降低退休 ; 在欧洲 , 市场是绿色的 ; 印度和中国大量的毕业人数是真正高质量的候选人 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年 , 尼古尔电影 " chinatown " 基于投机者和bitter水战争了1930年代的欧文谷居民的水和权力战争 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	在gb/t19230.63指定的m11发动机测试台上 , 研究了不同油在空气输入阀和燃烧室中的应用 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果数百多名海地人能够迁徙 , 那些多米尼克人 , 霍丹或萨尔沃多人认为 , 海地经济将给海地经济带来巨大的和持续的欢迎 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记得中国拒绝对日本的游客 , 并保持三分之一的日本武装力量 , 防止他们被转移到其他合作力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我猜 , 虽然我不会做出巨大的直接金融输入我们的家庭 , 但志愿者们的工作 , 足够有些人得到付款 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回大气越来越多 , </p><11周 , 11岁 , 雨虹一起吃 , 两个人在老周觉得好信号 , 如果一个人觉得他耳朵的话 , 那么两个人会有点好信号 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	比如英国联合国联合国传统政治参加 , 包括贸易联盟 , 绿色、绿色和草根群体 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	采用双峰特征对平北地区的平衡温度进行了双峰特征 , 这意味着平湖形成水库中至少出现两次水碳填充 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	这种液体太热 , 由上奥多维古气温增加50°c , 至少增加了奥多维奇32倍碳酸盐岩的氢生率 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	本文研究了高温蒸汽生产的高温蒸汽对绿茶含量的影响 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧轨迹的几何模型 , 并给出了其分析解决方案 , 提出了一种新的目标攻击分析算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我的观点中 , 有一个晚宴可以加强朋友友的友谊 , 但我们不应该忘记别人的痛苦 , 而享受自己 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	本馆由12个透明的橙色圆柱家用展览的各种功能:会议室、信息发布、食品站、广告列等 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中海文化年的礼物 , 全球文化大使最后将在印度海洋美丽的阿希拉哥国家海洋海洋赛艇上举行 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业馆相当近城市文明馆 , 日本总是关注世界博览会 , 确保不会失望你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	目前 , 我们的市场包括南欧和东欧、澳大利亚、中东、东南亚和美国 , 我们每月都有规定的货物 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三十五条选项合同的限制订单可以立即执行或其他订单 , 或必须立即执行 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的忠诚对他的主权 , 玉蒙珠是一位诗人 , 著名的学者 , 相信儒家在朝鲜和朝鲜时代的儒家主义 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	妇女的服装 , 装配 , 夹克 , 夹克 , 裙子 , 裙子 , 部落的裙子 , 裤子 , 圣经和手镯整体短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	具有 " 大感 " 的业务正在绘制颜色的声音 , 作为良好的信仰者或未来的蓝色印刷的描述 , 或指出未来一代宏观 ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	结果发现 , gekogecko可改善卵巢功能障碍患者卵巢功能 , 卵巢功能不孕等 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的探讨用电泳检查法提高脑plexs伤害的机理和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	结合一些项目例子 , 计算了桥导航宽度 , 并提出了几种建议 , 实现目前导航标准 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这支乌拉队中有更多惊讶的离开 , 马西·佩西拉的伤害时刻将最后一分钟的比赛转变成希尔兰的守卫时间 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月27日出生在华盛顿 , 爱尔兰裔歌手玛丽亚·凯伊和非洲venezelan工程师父亲 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地军队的平静利亚松官员 , 被称为驾驶员 , 如果他们的旗帜飞出 , 打击行员或骑行员 , 伤害他们 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 随着以色列新鲜的六天战争记忆 , 他通过亲吻犹太女人 , 巴巴拉·斯雷斯和电影里的女孩 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄远处 , 沿着柔软的绿谷的溪流 , 一切关于海洋的知识 , 如三年的风暴和激情 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	他们的作品不仅表现出了抑郁的历史 , 而且具有不稳定的社会诗歌灵魂 , 而且达到了当前事务的完美融合以及ci的审美特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	2008年 , 由球迷们编辑rpatz的最谦虚的帕丁森承认 , 他仍然被用来到球迷赫斯特尼亚 , 2008年他第一次打出了瓦斯·爱德华·卡伦的电影 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	ocampo说 , 当危机未折叠和市场价值全部银行时 , 投资者看起来很廉价 , 预计收入在18至24个月 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 同时 , 进一步削减 , 双方希望 , 在2010年的五年的审查中 , 通过协议推动电池核非增殖条约 ;
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	在2010年世界杯半决赛中 , 西班牙的普尤尔在2010年7月7日在马巴希达球场比赛中获得了一个目标 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	福特在恢复过程中 , 增加信心的迹象显示 , 它将开始在最近几个月内推动其库存水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街说 , 大卫卡梅隆总理决定停止使用财富作为两个工资的个人摄影师 , 因此避免 " 公众释放错误信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自从2010年2月选举以来 , 元科夫奇先生在两个方向上移动 , 巩固他的个人权力 , 同时也与欧盟采取经济整合 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器 , 采用回收器 , 单转液压盘前刹车 , 液压后脚刹 , 阻塞钢轮 , 红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天的电视屏幕上 , 伊丽莎白 , 42岁 , 父亲面临着她父亲24年的完整恐怖 , 在哈利斯预期的测试文件中 , 她的24年 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐将提高185万美元的皇家公园 , 这是第二部影片的设置 , " 桥琼斯:原因的边缘 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自从1956年英国独立以来 , 苏丹北部领导人在反叛南方扩大他们的权力 , 但过去的48年里 , 全部有11年的民事战争 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这是 , 直到十九世纪伟大的考古发现 , 这是我们在东部的伟大文明 , 我已经绘制出了一个明显的生命地图:在这里 , 这里 , 这里 , 与东方的古代文明一样 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福德.伯恩斯坦分析师jeffreylindsay估计雅虎的独立价值接近25美元 , 每股25美元 , 以微软或谷歌提供任何交易 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	突然他有了危机 , 我不会进入我们的银行深度 , 因为他们想赚更多的钱 , 以及我们的投资银行 , 华尔街对抵押贷款提出了不同的目标 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品 , 总共381磅 , 因此 , 把它们送到欧洲学者 。 杰达瓦·辛格教授给马达米基哲学写道 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家isobekatshiro和mizunoryo继续遵循日本beau理想风格 , 其中一个用铅笔绘制昆虫世界 , 另一个建立了它的大气氛 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有许多其他旅游区 , 比如多欧元苏尔、莫普里奥、dolafs、costaol、costaazul、costauul、科西多拉迪等 , 其中大多数都是未知的旅游和当地旅游 。
