there is a television in the middle of living room .	住房中间有电视 。
they will spend a lot of money on new buildings .	他们将花很多钱在新建筑上花很多钱 。
ifnecessary , we shall send a telegram home .	如果有必要的话 , 我们将发送一个电信家 。
and you fixed them up with the plasters in your firstaid kit .	你把他们固定在你第一次艾滋病厨房的老板 。
the notsosubtle juxtaposition is inescapable .	难以置疑的朱克塔塔塔斯是不可避免的 。
he's pasturing his cattle on the top meadow .	他在顶台上过了帽子 。
but his teacher commented: " you are not in yet . "	但是他的老师说: " 你还不在 。 "
but this was also a year in which the chinese dream showed clearly .	但这也是中国梦的一年 。
i shall join the lunch on 17 october 2010 .	我在2010年10月加入午餐 。
he can whisper mellifluous nothings in my ear .	他可以在我的耳朵里无任何东西 。
the supply of raw material has been greatly reinforced .	原材料供应极大增强 。
this kind of walking tractor runs on diesel oil .	这种行走牵引器在柴油上运行 。
i bought a plastic cover for a typewriter .	我买了一个塑料盖 , 为一个类型的作家买了一套塑料盖 。
it had the spiral structure revealed by congo red .	它是由刚果红色透露的螺旋结构 。
because we're students we get in free of charge .	因为我们是免费的学生 。
this is what psychologists dream about at night .	这是什么心理学家梦想在晚上 。
let us know , let us pursue the knowledge of the lord .	让我们知道 , 让我们追求耶和华的知识 。
that he's not going to suddenly be left adrift .	那时他不会突然离开 。
to assail with stinging criticism ; excoriate .	为了避免评价批评 ; 经验 。
example: a woman is married to mr . zhao .	例如:一个女人嫁给赵先生 。
i won 100 dollars in the scratch lottery .	我赢得了100美元 。
is it too much to ask for a little precipitation ?	这太多人要求一点降水吗 ?
his efforts were defeated by the forces of reaction .	他的努力受到反应力的击败 。
contact the old knowledge , revealing new lesson .	联系老知识 , 揭示新课 。
and here in london , you have a lot of africans .	在伦敦 , 你有很多非洲人 。
definitely huaqing pool . it's the most famous .	肯定是华庆池 。 这是最著名的 。
and all my little candle flames burned out ;	我的小烛火烧了出来 ;
i've called it 'wikiwiki . '	我已经称之为 " 威基维基 " 。
sickness is suffering , death is suffering ;	病人受伤 , 死亡受伤 ;
indicate the operating sound level for each valve .	指示每个阀门操作声水平 。
the children were marshalled into straight lines .	孩子们被直线冲进了 。
b:here is viewing fish at rower harbor .	b:在哪里是在排行港口看鱼 。
at a party in paris after violetta's return .	巴黎在维罗拉塔回归后的一场党 。
some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells .	你有些人来自狭窄的jail细胞 。
salma asks her husband when the couple get home .	萨尔玛问丈夫回家时问她丈夫 。
i take a deep inhale , depressed at the freshness .	我采取深入的吸入 , 新鲜感到沮丧 。
i was an editor in morningstar from 2003 to 2007 .	2003年到2007年早晨我是一名编辑 。
with such a great victory come unreasonably great expectations .	随着这么伟大的胜利来临不合理的期望 。
steven: i have a lot of wark to do in the company recently .	史蒂文:我最近在公司做很多战争 。
but that of the fixed dunes is the contention between species .	但固定的鸭子是物种之间的矛盾 。
on hearing that , her face went white to the lips .	听到那样的话 , 她的脸向嘴唇走了白色 。
it is not enough to say there is some economic growth .	这并不足以说经济增长是不够的 。
how dirty the house is ! it has many dust bunnies .	房子多脏 ! 它有很多尘埃 。
then joshua let the people go away , every man to his heritage .	然后约书亚让人离开 , 每个人都去他的遗产 。
in case there is a collision of characters libra should concede .	例如有一个字符libra的碰撞应该隐瞒 。
on the way home , several passersby wished me well .	路上 , 几个乘客希望我很好 。
figure 3 shows a screenshot of the doap home page .	图3显示了dap主页的屏幕 。
one car come , one car go , two car bongbong , one people die .	一辆车来了 , 一辆车去了 , 一辆汽车二辆 , 一人死了 。
his list ultimately became church policy .	他的列表最终成为教会政策 。
the ancient wild alone and dolphins connector .	古老的野生独自和海豚连接器 。
i swear on my honour that i knew nothing about this .	我对我的荣幸感到愤怒 , 我不知道这件事 。
the first concept was the use of the bind/unbind methods .	第一个概念是bind/unbind/unbind方法的使用 。
orlando bloom had a couple of broken ribs ;	奥兰多·布洛姆有几个破碎的肋骨 ;
sophistry is a kind of special negative thought .	索菲里是一种特殊的负面思想 。
i think it's one of the best things about life in london	我认为这是伦敦生活中最好的事情之一 。
okay , we know . this is the opposite of plan 3 .	好的 , 我们知道 , 这是计划3的对手 。
the person , even the child , mose choose for himself .	即使孩子 , 摩西选择自己 。
sexologist's home turned into education center	性学家的家庭变成教育中心 。
you can watch the parleys . com keynote .	你可以看到parley.com键盘 。
storage for ten months in shady room and dry place .	存储10个月的沙迪房间和干燥的地方 。
an option of viewing each of them in detail is given .	给出了每个细节中的选项 。
i bought a spray shampoo in a pet shop .	我在一家宠物店买了一个喷雾的沙门 。
those attributes are used by the system and should not be modified .	这些属性被系统使用并不应修改 。
this time the croc goes after jack's dog minty .	这个时候杰克的狗小了 。
jalo has forgotten that he fell off his bicycle .	杰罗忘记他自行车下降了 。
attendant: certainly . cream and sugar ?	参加者:当然 。 奶和糖 ?
his reception however was of the most flattering kind .	然而 , 他的接待是最平坦的 。
tan mei met john at the park again .	谭梅再次见到约翰 。
i have lost my dictionary . please lend me yours .	我已经丢了我的词典 。 请把你留下来 。
why is english article use so difficult ?	为什么英语文章如此困难 ?
that's how we got to the fahrenheit scale .	这就是我们如何去fahrenhenhenit规模 。
she rarely spoke , she had no connection with the world .	她很少说话 , 她与世界没有连接 。
the loops are connected by a crossover section .	循环由交叉段连接 。
krämer: i find the us initiative highly problematic .	克帕默:我发现美国的倡议高度问题 。
don't go for a usual all things tech blog .	不要去通常所有东西的技术博客 。
no . that’s how people refer to little girls .	不 , 那就是人们指小女孩怎么样参考 。
she waited patiently for frances to finish .	她在法国等待法国完成 。
all locks have the following basic attributes	所有锁都有以下基本属性
b: these are the various kinds of packing for pliers .	b:这些是各种各样的包装 。
directly across was the arco building .	直接穿过阿科建筑 。
c1400 the great vowel shift begins .	c1400的伟大的vowel转移开始 。
this is called the monotonic property of entailment .	这被称为环境单子属性 。
they are my older brother and younger sister .	他们是我的老兄弟和妹妹 。
so , what does the family protect behoove to do ?	那么 , 家庭的保护是什么 ?
oh fiona found out she had some money in her pocket .	哦 , 福阿娜发现她在口袋里有一些钱 。
" none of us had ever been one on one with him , " she said .	她说: " 没有人曾经与他一起过过过过过过过过过一次 , "
now before magnycours we had a very strong test there .	现在我们在那里有很强的测试 。
amy is smaller than sue . sue is smaller than lee .	艾米比su更小 。 苏珊比李更小 。
there’s no getting away from it , if you’re irish .	如果你是爱尔兰 。
soft skin , red lips , so kissable .	柔软的皮肤 , 红唇 , 所以可吻 。
note that metadata is stored in the storage cluster .	注意元数据存储在存储集群中 。
he is perfect as the sensitive but strong reporter .	他完美作为敏感但强大的记者 。
all it sees are elements that all look and behave the same .	所有看起来都是所有的元素 , 都是相同的 。
a file system must be unmounted to be reformatted .	必须将文件系统卸载为改革 。
lady: you mean , you were posessed ? father ?	女士:你意味着 , 你是否拥有吗 ? 父亲 ?
have a meatless monday recipe you think we should try ?	周一你觉得我们应该尝试吗 ?
supports j1939 through software switch setting .	通过软件开关设置支持j1939 。
my students have been working with the star festival .	我的学生一直在与星节工作 。
the winner is the first to draw three people in one space .	赢得者是第一次在一个空间画三个人 。
" three ! " zhang bin simply answer .	" 三 ! " 张斌简单回答 。
look no further than the amazing muscle maker !	看不到更多的音乐制造商 !
eyebrows glued up into tiny peaks .	眼睛棕色变成小峰 。
abandoned away by her lover , she pined away .	离开她的爱人 , 她走了 。
listing 2 is an example php function .	清单2是一个例子php函数 。
the lucky ones do not always have the best .	幸运的人总是没有最好的 。
administrative districts: 10 parishes .	行政区:10个议会 。
the news sent a shudder through the audience .	新闻通过观众发出了一名欺骗者 。
the batteries then drive motors in the wheels .	然后电池在轮子里驱动电机 。
please return the completed form to your school .	请回学校完成的表格 。
a picture worths one thousand words .	一张图片价值一千个字 。
i feel this is entirely the wrong answer .	我觉得这是错误的答案 。
inside the firewall , there is no anonymity .	在火墙内 , 没有匿名 。
the snow , frost , and hail return .	雪、霜和海岸回来 。
the tyres were old and had been smooth .	轮胎老了 , 已经平滑了 。
your partner may be somewhat irritable this week .	你的合作伙伴本周可能是可怕的 。
i have been acting contrary to all my sense of right ;	我一直对我的所有权利感到行动相反 ;
remove chain drive wheel from crankshaft .	离开链驱动轮从cankshaft移动 。
he is almost a herolike character on the campus .	他几乎是校园里的英雄人物 。
but fate did not give them the opportunity to continue .	但是 , 命运并没有给他们带来机会继续 。
i am going to redraw it horizontally .	我要把它放在水平上 。
shoes are too close together on conveyor .	鞋子在传送机上太近了 。
taxidriver : ok . is that your luggage ?	税务人:好吧 , 是你的行李吗 ?
increment real constant table number by rinc .	增加现实的表数 。
he was sent by his father to go to college .	他被父亲送到大学 。
" we need more of this kind of thing , " one shouts .	" 我们需要更多的东西 , " 一声喊道 。
the soviet knight is dying inside his armor .	苏联骑士在他的arm中死亡 。
water went down his throat and he started to choke .	水从喉咙下走 , 他开始选择 。
she has looks like flowers and spirit like jade .	她看起来像玉一样的花和精神 。
what kind of land do they live in ? is it good or bad ?	他们住在什么种土地 ? 是好的还是坏的 ?
we prepared a picnic and drove down by the river .	我们准备了一条金枪 , 驾驶到河上 。
hurt , injure , or otherwise maim the bastard .	伤害 , 伤害 , 或者否则最大标准 。
no , i think you can go . i don't even get flan ?	不 , 我觉得你能去吧 , 我甚至不能得到火焰吗 ?
from the day’s chores , pause a minute	从那天的chors , 把一分钟放在一起 。
what christ said to his mother made her want to cry .	基督对他的母亲说她想哭的事情 。
ireland reports the lowest temperature in 50 years .	爱尔兰报道了50年来最低温度 。
if you think of ideas as these more abstract things .	如果你觉得这些更抽象的东西 。
ater a semester , i yearn to see may parents .	一个学期 , 我一年看到可能的父母 。
if you don't , she's not likely to call you back .	如果你不会 , 她不可能叫你回来 。
methods raw material dissolved in methanol ;	方法对甲醇原材料溶解 ;
e is for her eyes , with love—light shining .	我是为了她的眼睛 , 与爱情一起闪烁 。
but credit is the lifeblood of the car business .	但信用是汽车业的生命血 。
there is a sequence imposed on you by the author .	作者在你身上有一个序列 。
do you have the experience to go out in your pajama ?	你有什么经历在你的巴贾马出去吗 ?
its legs are short and strong with hard hairs .	它的腿很短 , 硬发很强 。
my brother and his wife are a happy couple .	我的兄弟和他的妻子是一个快乐的夫妇 。
but there is much uncertainty about what it will involve .	但是有很多不确定它会涉及的事情 。
and so we get mired in decisionmaking quicksand .	所以我们在决策快速的决策中得到了迷惑 。
i'm going straight home after the play . what about you ?	我在玩完后直到回家 , 你怎么样 ?
his actions were not in consonance with his words .	他的行动并不与他的话组成一致 。
this is my father . he's tall and strong .	这是我的父亲 。 他很高 , 很强 。
but they were too terrified to fall asleep .	但是他们太恐怖了睡眠 。
and what he does is writes this equation here .	他在这里写的这个方程 。
he was a pagan ... who worshiped idols .	他是一位被崇拜的老板...
in that numbers game it converged to 1 .	在这个数字游戏中它转换为1 。
please change to a single room with a bath .	请改变一间浴室 。
but the thing about change is it’s disruptive .	但是关于变化的事情是它的破坏性 。
the executioner had never seen anything like this !	执行官从未见过任何事情 , 就像这样 !
overjoyed , she dashed out of the house .	很喜欢 , 她从房子里跳出来 。
bitterness imprisons life ; love releases it .	苦境冲击生活 ; 爱释放它 。
it turned our homes into funeral tents .	它把我们的房子转成葬礼帐篷 。
or maybe curiosity is a better word .	或许奇怪是一个更好的词 。
so this is where the mixing of the solute comes in .	所以这就是溶液混合在哪里 。
can you give me a lift to the next town ? ;	你能给我一个左到下一个城镇吗 ?
enter a few new lines after the input box .	输入箱后输入几条新线 。
a:what did uncle green come here for ?	绿色是否来到这里 ?
request that all communication be in writing .	请求所有通信都在写作中 。
miniskirts were in fashion last summer .	去年夏天 , 明尼斯克尔斯克的时尚 。
it can even cause disharmony in a family .	它甚至可以在家里引起disharmony 。
a site has been chosen for the new school .	一个网站被选择为新学校 。
he replaced his brother as goalkeeper .	他把他的兄弟替换成目标保险人 。
this tea tasted of orange blossoms .	这茶味着橙色的花朵 。
karen zhou is perhaps an exception .	卡伦周可能是一个例外 。
conductor: silverplated copper wire ;	导体:银镀铜线 ;
i haven't recovered from jet lag yet .	我还没有从喷雾中恢复过 。
a torch symbolizes the brightness .	一个扭矩符号亮度 。
the moon shines fully into west tower .	月亮完全到西塔 。
he raised those goats from newborn kids .	他从新生儿童提高了这些山羊 。
but first , someone had to get them into their transport tanks .	但首先 , 有人必须把他们带到他们的交通坦克里 。
display them in their rooms when they’re done .	当他们做的时候 , 显示他们的房间 。
then light the thing on fire and burn it .	然后把东西放在火上 , 烧掉它 。
other chapters are available in our elibrary .	其他章在我们的书籍中可用 。
keep in mind that is bad is not abandoned .	记住这是坏的 。
still , no matter what , the debt will be huge .	然而 , 不管怎样 , 债务将是巨大的 。
i remember back then , i met you on my way home .	我记得那时 , 我在家路上遇见你 。
we stopped the clock at $3200 per head .	我们每头3200美元停止了钟 。
if you had clock problems , you will need to fix those .	如果你有钟问题 , 你需要修复这些 。
juicers equipment , users need to contact me .	司法设备 , 用户需要联系我 。
the policy doesnot base on the will of the people .	政策不会根据人民的意愿 。
he was dozing in the hammock when i called .	当我叫的时候 , 他在汉姆堡里做了 。
please attach a passportsized photo .	请附上一张护照大小照片 。
elephant , your ears are like cymbals .	大象 , 你的耳朵像囊肿 。
rooster: hey , are you free friday ?	罗斯特:嘿 , 你周五是免费的吗 ?
figure 3 . roundrobin's at the top !	图3.roundrobin的顶部 !
i overdid it at work and damaged my heart .	我在工作中忽视它 , 伤害我的心脏 。
i felt some breeze in that one . smile .	我觉得那个 。 微笑里有些惊讶 。
greenfly can literally suck a plant dry .	绿色飞行可以把植物干燥 。
attacking midfielder , 18 , river plate	攻击中场18岁的河板 。
by the way , i don't want a night flight .	到了路上 , 我不想一夜飞 。
he missed the bus , because he got up late .	他错过公交车 , 因为他迟到了 。
the huntsman entered the forest , gun in hand .	猎人进入森林 , 手里枪 。
our readers don’t like you . i don’t like you .	我们的读者不喜欢你 。 我不喜欢你 。
a knowledgable man knows he has limited knowledge .	一个知识的人知道他有限的知识 。
well , we could consider not putting in item 0 .	嗯 , 我们可以考虑不放在项目0中 。
why are all the best parties found on islands ?	为什么所有在岛屿上找到最好的派对都是为什么 ?
have the straight and uppercut , many changes .	有直升和上升 , 许多变化 。
the landlord put a new stove in my room .	房间里的新站在我的房间 。
the company is a world leader in electrical goods .	公司是一家在电子商品的世界领导人 。
more than a twirling wobble is implied .	超过一双双螺纹的毛绒被隐含 。
the theory of fermi operator is developed .	开发了fermi操作器的理论 。
a deepening happens , as you teach .	一个深刻的事情 , 正如你教的那样 。
we don't know him ! " exclaimed meg .	我们不知道他 !
next , you need to give it some data to parse .	接下来 , 你需要给它一些数据解析 。
hiti te9 hammer drill for each bay .	hitite9锤钻每个湾 。
he looked so dispirited i took pity on him .	他看起来那么不喜欢我在他身上拿着乒乓球 。
that was my first love , and i suspect hers , too .	那是我的第一爱 , 我也怀疑她 。
do you require trading in nonhk stocks ?	你是否需要非hk股票交易 ?
vatel has been in my family for over 20 years now .	瓦特尔现在在家里已经超过20年了 。
an old dog will learn no new tricks .	老狗不会学到新病 。
minutes of board committee meetings	五分钟董事会会会议 。
people found hoarding during the famine were punished .	人们在饥荒中找到警卫 。
fish begins to stink at the head .	鱼开始在头部停下来 。
the connection member has a tapered hole .	连接成员有一个高级的孔 。
distinguish between an lvalue and rvalue .	在l值与r值之间区别 。
shine , and you cannot have any dissents .	shine , 你不能有任何不满的不满 。
okay . i have five minutes left .	好吧 。 我有五分钟左 。
it's a time thing for the elephants .	这是大象的一段时间 。
tensiometers can be made small enough .	紧张计可以做到足够小的 。
how far away is dalian from lvshun ?	远离大连来自lvshun ?
where are the lightning arresters installed ?	灯光逮捕者安装在哪里 ?
you have the same warm , sincere heart .	你有同样的温暖 , 诚挚的心 。
yet china quickly upended this consensus .	然而中国迅速上升这个共识 。
who will win the battle for the backbones ?	谁会为背骨赢得战斗 ?
it urges you , instead , to live .	它鼓励你 , 相反 , 生活 。
i remember coming here once years ago .	我记得曾经几年前来到这里 。
health administers to peace of mind .	健康管理人员和平心 。
marty tried to keep his head during the fire .	玛丽试图在火中保持他的头部 。
see ? picky eaters like food , too .	看吗 ? 像食物一样吃东西 。
his eyes gleamed with relief and joy .	他的眼睛闪烁着放松和快乐 。
" now we have to be sustainable , " he said .	" 现在我们必须可持续 , " 他说 。
there are lots of places to get startup capital .	有很多地方才能获得创业资本 。
they are independent yet they are complementary .	他们是独立的 , 但他们是互补的 。
the soldiers bedded down in a barn .	士兵在一条酒吧里躺下来 。
the environment not bad , quite clean .	环境不坏 , 很清洁 。
michelle: i didn’t know you were going .	迈克尔:我不知道你去了 。
he lowered his voice to a whisper .	他把声音降到一名威斯特 。
japan gas appliances inspection assn .	日本气体检测assn 。
oh , he's a white sox fan ?	哦 , 他是一个白色的sox球迷 ?
a love triangle of the most grotesque kind .	最爱的三角形 。
always take your finesses , ' she said .	她说: " 总是带着你的财务 , " 她说 。
no , thanks . i'm quite full .	不 , 谢谢 。 我很完全 。
a partial interest of any nature is insurable .	任何自然的部分利益都是不可保险的 。
i hope he can see the movie next time .	我希望下次他能看到电影 。
soup henqing , almost no oil .	汤亨庆 , 几乎没有油 。
both these books and those clothes are mine .	这些书和这些衣服都是我的 。
sit cross legged on the floor .	坐在地板上 。
but it is also an existential struggle .	但是它也是一个存在的斗争 。
the ship struck the rocks head on .	这艘船在岩石头上爬过 。
he was driven by necessity to steal .	他被必要的驱动到偷窃 。
in our class there are fiftyone students .	在我们班里有五十岁的学生 。
i ' ll buy that for a dollar !	我要买那美元 !
you delight to fish in troubled waters .	你很高兴在麻烦的水里钓鱼 。
i will take my leave , like a butterfly .	我会带我的叶子 , 像一只蝴蝶 。
i want a 3piece mafiastyle suit .	我想要一个3picemafiastyle适合 。
pasquale giunta: sure there are .	帕萨尔·吉尼塔:确定有 。
the designated holotype species has not been found .	设计的全球型物种并未发现 。
but nobody saw her copying the name .	但是没有人看到她的名字 。
oxen have made great contributions to the world .	牛津给世界带来了很大的贡献 。
put the long ruler in the pencil box .	把长规定放在铅笔箱里 。
others say only if they cheat , or abuse you .	有些人只要他们欺骗 , 或者滥用你 。
how do you cope when your brain locks up ?	大脑锁起时你怎么能看到大脑 ?
i would fly to the moon if i had wings .	如果我有翅膀 , 我会飞到月球 。
honey , where is my benz actually ?	蜜蜂 , 我的贝尼实际上是什么 ?
this tree . times when it was , were young .	这棵树 。 时候是年轻的 。
and , after all , we are harvard so we know .	毕竟 , 我们是哈佛 , 所以我们知道的 。
the umpire lost his cap and his cool .	那个umpire失去了他的帽子和他的冷却 。
one 1970 stop still gives him chills .	一个1970年停止他仍然给他带来的技巧 。
then he punches tweener in the chest .	然后 , 他在胸部打了tweener 。
defarge was pleased at their arrival .	国防在他们的游戏中很高兴 。
i wanted greenberg to be my pollster .	我希望格林伯格成为我的调查员 。
he also wrote preface for the monograph .	他还为单片写了表面 。
violet said that she would reach the border .	维罗拉特说她将达到边境 。
the man abstracted a pen from my pocket .	男人从我的口袋里抽了笔 。
she will run over her lines in the evening .	她将在晚上跑过她的线 。
he plays the violin better than mary .	他比玛丽更好 。
he splashed in the heavy rain .	他在大雨中喷出来 。
" why ? " tom snorted .	" 为什么 ? " 汤姆吸烟了 。
does she always dress that badly ?	她总是穿那么糟糕的衣服 ?
we'll have to start when sophia gets back .	我们必须在索菲亚回来的时候开始 。
i watched the cow when she said moo !	我在她说的时候看着牛仔 !
dennis , what're you talking about ?	丹尼斯 , 你在谈什么 ?
the steak is as tough as leather . ;	蒸汽就像皮革一样艰难 ;
sue: do you have don's number ?	苏:你有没有数字吗 ?
how long does it take to make an evening dress ?	晚衣需要多长时间 ?
cataracts can affect your vision .	猫能影响你的视觉 。
washing machine motor vbelts ;	洗涤机电机v带 ;
the young tree has struck root .	那棵年轻的树有树根 。
she licked the honey off the spoon .	她把蜜蜂挂在勺子上 。
let's learn english songs .	让我们学英语歌 。
because it has to drop off precipitously .	因为它必须降低 。
b:yes , it's getting dark .	是的 , 这是黑暗的 。
we owe our existence to these variations .	我们使我们的存在变化出现 。
so you take two documents and diff them .	所以你需要两个文档并且困难他们 。
what makes a good system verification tester ?	什么做好的系统验证测试器 ?
a: what would say was the lowest point in your point ?	答:你说的最低点是什么 ?
we learn not in school , but in life .	我们学不在学校 , 但在生活中 。
li lei beat jim and won the first place .	李莉打了吉姆 , 赢得第一位 。
que: did you have sex every time she came ?	问:你每次都有性感吗 ?
one feels so alone when it is cold .	一个人在寒冷时感觉如此孤独 。
he is the only son in a family of three .	他是家里唯一的儿子 。
thank you for calling japan airlines .	感谢你叫日本航空公司 。
may the lord save us from all heresies .	愿耶和华救我们从所有的遗产中拯救我们 。
piani would tell them they had shot me .	钢琴会告诉他们有枪击我 。
where is monsieur le maire going ?	猴子李玛丽去哪里 ?
you win some , you lose some . that is life .	你赢得一些 , 你失去了一些 。 那就是生活 。
then we could insist on that target ;	然后我们可以坚持这个目标 ;
that year , that day , we are stranger .	那一年 , 那天 , 我们是陌生人 。
his body was found in the floor hole .	他的身体在地板洞里发现 。
knive are used to cut things .	knive被用来切割东西 。
how can jiancaigong without rain !	怎样才能不雨啊 !
peace is always relational .	和平总是关系 。
what do jack russells do ?	杰克·鲁塞尔是什么 ?
do not lure her away from her duty .	不要把她从她的职责中拖出去 。
did the wisteria blossom this year ?	今年 , 威斯特尼亚的花 ?
i wonder what this night will bring .	我想这个晚上会带来什么东西 。
you forgive me for being so pathetic .	你忘记我这么爱情 。
we walked far into the woods .	我们走进木头 。
a:forgive me for interrupting you .	阿:为了解决你 。
jeff loves to play with jayden .	杰夫爱与杰丹玩耍 。
i don't want to be told grow up .	我不想被告知成长 。
it is not that you are just vegetating .	不过你只是蔬菜 。
before you get another oil change , stop !	在你得到另一个油改变之前 , 停止 !
the intruders shot up the town .	仪器们在城上射击 。
there are not apples on the appletree .	苹果树上没有苹果苹果 。
all things change , and we change with them .	所有的事情都改变了 , 我们和他们改变了 。
so they drove boner out of the door .	所以他们从门上走出来 。
i think their last win was just a fluke .	我觉得他们最后的胜利只是一个流感 。
besides , he is only a baby .	此外 , 他只是一个孩子 。
lily some money me the other week .	莉莉有些钱在另一个星期 。
it was paisley's first visit .	这是巴西利第一次访问 。
they're rewarded for their waiting .	他们对他们的等待得到奖励 。
i'm trying to sleep .	我试着睡觉 。
both can be treated with braces .	两者都可以用手术治疗 。
and its government is enraged .	而它的政府被抓住了 。
there is a purple from below .	下面有一个紫色 。
can i get a mike in on patrick ?	我能在帕特里克买一辆汽车 ?
i heard somebody skirling .	我听到有人跳着 。
he is the sower of the good seed .	他是好种子的南方 。
we have to change trains at didcot .	我们必须在德科特换火车 。
beat me half to death with it .	打我半去死 。
he ate too many hamburgers .	他吃太多的汉堡 。
she was popeyed with amazement .	她很喜欢吃惊 。
and then art on the weekends .	然后在周末艺术 。
how big is a wolf's track ?	沃尔夫的轨道是多大 ?
large artery distensibility ;	大动脉消毒性 ;
this completes the installation .	这完成安装 。
he just dabbles in politics .	他只是在政治上达布尔斯 。
the bill was sent to her room .	比尔被送到她的房间 。
is your car manual or automatic ?	您的汽车手册或自动吗 ?
it helps you not be inside so much .	它帮助你不在那么多内部 。
that's what i think finance is about .	这是我认为财政是什么 。
throw it at him ! i dare you !	把它扔在他身上 ! 我敢你 !
what is unique about the program ?	这个项目是什么独特的 ?
why could i never please them ?	为什么我永远不请他们吗 ?
welcome to the new dad guide !	欢迎来到新爸爸的指导 !
losers hangout with losers .	失去了汉戈的失败者 。
a feeling of shame came over her .	一个感觉到羞愧的情绪来到她身边 。
fasten seatbelt at all times .	所有时候 , 密封的座椅带 。
examine if this is a pattern .	如果这是一个模式 。
he really cares about his family .	他真的关心他的家人 。
this brings me to my question .	这给我带来了我的问题 。
please drive a bit faster!	请赶快一点快 !
tingting seems nervous .	静静似乎是紧张的 。
it is for bird watchers .	这是鸟类观察员 。
she banged up the receiver .	她把接收机挂起来 。
i like your new hair style .	我喜欢你的新发风格 。
her hands smelt of fish .	她的手味着鱼 。
but there's reason for hope .	但希望有理由 。
how did my papers get out of order ?	我的论文如何从订单中取出 ?
she had a shock and conked out .	她有一个冲击 , 然后走出来 。
how can you put a price on life ?	你怎么能把价格放在生活上 ?
hope you understand what , hehe .	希望你知道什么 , 他是什么 。
i slept like a fat cat .	我睡得像脂肪猫一样 。
oh , so you feel the same way !	哦 , 所以你觉得同样的方法 !
rf output power over 4w ;	rf输出功率超过4w ;
many different leadership styles work .	许多不同领导风格的工作 。
you have many ways to kill your time .	你有很多方法杀死你的时间 。
here are so many oil jars .	这里有很多油罐 。
one rope here , one rope there .	一个绳子在这里 , 一条绳子 。
let's tie the knot !	让我们把刀捆住 !
this service defines three operations	该服务定义三个操作 。
he spends gold like soil .	他花黄金像土壤一样 。
let's take these in turn .	让我们把这些放在转身上 。
power elevation mill head .	电力大提升米头 。
that gives me the creeps .	这给我带来了蠕虫 。
ianto: that's just me .	安托:这只是我 。
we are the host of andaz .	我们是安德萨兹的主机 。
it was from the sugar i think .	我觉得这是来自糖的 。
but why the redemption ?	但是为什么恢复为什么 ?
he is only a child of three .	他只是三个孩子 。
i think beyonce is hot !	我觉得不过是热 !
and put bomb craters in there .	然后把炸弹装在那里 。
the civets play two roles .	电视剧演了两个角色 。
i've taken some small classes .	我拿了一些小班 。
join a startup and get stock .	加入启动并购买股票 。
slide out onto a large plate .	滑到大板上 。
well , i love madrid !	嗯 , 我喜欢马里 !
it does have intentions .	它有注意力 。
do you have nosebleed ?	你有鼻子吗 ?
faugh dead u over !	死了 !
what is the name of that process ?	那个过程的名字是什么 ?
one of my asq friend...	我的一位问朋友...
of course i will come back .	当然我会回来 。
the other seven are tiny .	另外七个是小的 。
are you a selfstarter ?	你是个自学者吗 ?
create a . toc file .	创建a.tc文件 。
but it still does me good service .	但是它仍然做好好的服务 。
yeah . that's right .	是的 , 那是对的 。
so , what do i do with this ?	那么 , 我怎么做呢 ?
when did you start to act ?	什么时候你开始行动 ?
would you like shampoo ?	你喜欢沙门吗 ?
my greatgrandmother .	我的祖母 。
that’s my girl .	那是我的女孩 。
we all are from shandong .	我们都来自山东 。
are you a working poor ?	你是一个工作穷人吗 ?
i learn chinese every day .	我每天学汉语 。
but the gang goes on .	然而 , 上帝走了 。
he liked to do the same .	他喜欢做同样的 。
what's montague ?	什么是蒙特拉 ?
time never comes back .	时间永远不会回来 。
as in organ donor .	正如有机捐款者 。
are you a salesman ?	你是销售商吗 ?
we just don't know .	我们只是不知道 。
that can be done .	这可以做到 。
i love my job !	我喜欢我的工作 !
trust is low .	信任低 。
these are foundational .	这些是基础的 。
i could feel it !	我能感觉到它 !
d a digit	d一个数字 。
electronic truck scale construction process is simple and fast .	电子卡车规模施工过程简单快 。
almighty father rushed to rescue these lost lambs you ...	轻的父亲赶紧救这些失去的羔羊...
the customer and developer negotiate a fixed price for the project .	客户和开发商谈判项目的固定价格 。
photo club took a photo shooting trip to mendocino ... more .	摄影俱乐部带了一张照片拍摄的照片...
so the choice we make in our mid20s has to be a pretty smart one .	所以我们在20世纪中期做出的选择必须是一个非常聪明的 。
but if i want a unit vector , then i should scale this down to length one .	但是如果我想要单位矢量 , 那么我应该把这段时间延长 。
weibian has vast iron inkstone wear , kousong notes that year hand .	威比安有巨大的铁墨岩磨损 , 香港注意到那年 。
they will continue mr . kabe as acting principal of the school .	他们将继续作为学校主任的kabe先生 。
let this represent the total energy of the incident electron .	让这代表了事故电子总能 。
in recent years , aquaporins in the brain become a research hotspot .	近年来 , 大脑水平适应者成为研究热点 。
in the biological sense it's selfdecoding , storing and scanning .	在生物学意义上它是自编码、存储和扫描 。
being unwanted , or failing to fulfil the expectations of parents	正在未经的 , 或者未能完成父母期待的期待 。
fight the rapids as you kayak and raft down the vast mekong river .	快速的战斗 , 就像你高雅克 , 下了巨大的梅通河 。
disk systems will repair themselves or can be left unrepaired for years .	磁盘系统将修复自己 , 或者可以留下几年的未修复 。
i practiced facial expressions , and i snarled like a wolf .	我实践了面部表情 , 我就像一个狼一样滑雪 。
this happens five or six times . the monkey is very angry .	这发生了五六次 , 猴子很愤怒 。
so we think the dwarf mutant " ddf1 " was ga insensitive .	所以我们认为dwarf突变剂 " ddf1 " 是气敏感 。
and as it is in the floral tribe , so it is in god's kingdom .	正如上帝的王国一样 , 就在佛罗兰的部落 , 所以它在上帝王国 。
there are many legends concerning the origins of lantern festival .	有很多传奇关注兰特节起源的传奇 。
and in the case of women , that often included sexual assault .	在女性的情况下 , 那通常包括性假设 。
leep is an effective way to prevent the generation of cervical carcinoma .	睡眠是防止宫颈癌发生的有效途径 。
close the gate of the pen properly to prevent the sheep from getting away .	亲近笔门正确防止羊离开 。
and the multitudes hearing it , were in admiration at his doctrine .	多态听到它 , 是在他的医学上受到赞赏 。
paramedic: i see you've caught yourself a maroon shark .	参议员:我看到你自己被抓到了一个马龙鲨鱼 。
all right , mammy . i'll teach her to ride sidesaddle .	好的 , 妈妈 。 我会教她去骑边 。
it provides the opportunity to test unrelated applications running together .	它提供了测试不相关应用程序一起运行的机会 。
taihao had another name , fuxi , one of an ancient three emperors .	台海有另一个名字 , 福西 , 一个古代三皇帝之一 。
twists can help detoxify the internal organs and lymphatic system .	twist可以帮助减少内部器官和淋巴系统 。
male mallard ducks are famous for their long , spiraling genitalia .	雄性马拉德鸭是他们长期以来著名的精神生殖器 。
even though that solves the immediate problem , the problem can still occur .	尽管如此解决立即问题 , 问题仍然会发生 。
see then that ye walk circumspectly , not as fools , but as wise .	然后看到那个黄色的走路 , 不像愚蠢一样 , 就像智慧一样 。
rubber mount ; finite element modeling ; static elastic characteristic ;	橡胶装置 ; 有限元模型 ; 静弹性特征 ;
create china world cup bid shanghai langao road stadium construction ;	创造中国世界杯上海路球场建设 ;
however , in hsr territory , the issue is even more important .	然而 , 在hsr领域中 , 问题更重要 。
it's up to you whether you go or not . but i only have time on weekend .	这是你是否去或不要的 , 但周末我只有时间 。
personally , i think his biggest drawback is that like as one or more dualuse .	个人来说 , 我认为他最大的抽屉是像一个或多个双重用户一样 。
she gets pretty drunk and stumbles home in the wrong direction .	她在错误的方向中得到了很好的醉酒 , 然后让她回家看到错误的方向 。
the num received payments from the trade unions of afghanistan .	数字从阿富汗贸易协会收到支付 。
being aware that we only have one life to live also reinforces that conviction .	意识到我们只有一个生活 , 还能加强信服的生活 。
this joy is unthinkable divided cheap wow gold from the peasants .	这个快乐是不可知的 , 来自农民的廉价白金 。
anyone who does not deny himself on that day must be cut off from his people .	那天没有否认自己的任何人都必须从他人中切断 。
fancy hotels are beginning to accommodate both man and pets .	福尼酒店开始适应两个人和宠物 。
tracing the significance of wanxian incident and roar , china !	追踪万xian事件和罗拉 , 中国 !
cath: hello , i'm cath , cath jones . what's your name ?	凯瑟:你好 , 我是凯瑟·琼斯 , 你的名字是什么 ?
mami is thinner friends are quite good , all my best wishes to all .	妈妈是瘦的朋友很好 , 所有最好的祝福都很好 。
behind this jolt was one of the world's most concentrated property bubbles .	后面是世界上最集中的财产泡沫之一 。
brownie , birdy and cowcow drank the honey cheerfully .	布朗妮 , 女孩和牛仔喝蜜蜂 。
okay that's a straightforward either or . isn't it ?	好吗 ? 那是一个直接的方向 , 还是不会吗 ?
consumable market prosperity is stable , supply of goods is enough .	消费市场繁荣稳定 , 供应足够 。
and everybody was very against them , the bookstore , because , you know ,	每个人都对他们非常反对 , 书店 , 因为你知道 , 你知道 。
bonds payable are the typical example of longterm liabilities .	债券支付是长期债券的典型例子 。
you are probably aware that in a database , data is stored in tables .	你可能意识到在数据库中 , 数据存储在表中 。
you could also try using some for the advanced commands in google .	你也可以尝试使用google先进的命令 。
they have also stirred emotions in the greek american community .	他们也在希腊的美国社区激烈情绪 。
countylevel cities have both urban and rural dual characteristics .	县级城市都有城乡双重特征 。
he will be sorely missed . he was a great president , " he said . "	他说: " 他不会错过 , 他是一个伟大的总统 。 "
a slight , metallic sound , as of coins rattling in a pocket .	一个略微的金属声音 , 像一张口袋里的硬币大小一样 。
i'm finishing , there's no point in making a song and dance about it .	我正在完成 , 没有点在做歌舞和舞蹈 。
stop messing about , boys ! i'm trying to do some reading .	停下来 , 男孩 ! 我试图做一些阅读 。
trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function .	跟踪钩可用于任何功能的入口或出口 。
i came on business before , but this time i'm here to sightsee .	我在商业前来了 , 但这次我在这里看到 。
" summer hours " are a longestablished institution in the us .	" 夏季小时 " 是美国建立的长期制度 。
it seems most chinese people use a modified emule that abuse servers .	它似乎大多数中国人使用一个修改的emule , 这个滥用服务器 。
gloucester board of real estate or financial plans bureau .	房地产或金融计划局的格鲁塞斯特董事会 。
her testimony helped put several of the perpetrators behind bars .	她的测试机构帮助把几个超级器放在酒吧后面 。
we must try our best to reduce the damage to a minumum .	我们必须尝试减少损伤的最佳方法 。
an impressive 75 percent of germans eat breakfast daily .	75%的德国每天吃早餐 。
google gobbles internet explorer’s market share with chrome	谷歌谷歌网络探索商的市场份额与铬共享 。
it was the first year my dad bought season tickets to the clips .	这是我爸买季票的第一年 。
he also blessed us that we would be able to remember our previous lives .	他还祝福我们 , 我们能记住我们以前生活的能力 。
hand rails and banisters shall be constructed for stainless steel pipe .	手行铁路和禁止员应该为无锈钢管建造 。
tian'anmen square is the bigest square in the world .	天安广场是世界上最大的广场 。
objective to prepare purified tick borne encephalitis vaccine .	目的制备纯化门诊结肠炎疫苗 。
stresses applied to plastically deform the metal are usually compressive .	适用于塑性变形金属的应力通常是压缩性的 。
the northeast is one of the biggest grainproducing areas in china .	东北是中国最大的谷物生产领域之一 。
eric blair wrote under the pseudonym of george orwell .	埃里·布莱尔在乔治奥威尔的伪造下写道 。
the whole community turned out to wipe out the four pests .	整个社区转出四个虫子 。
to facilitate this task , birt provides the data explorer view .	为了促进这个任务 , birt提供数据探索器视图 。
gina:hello , dr . kellers clinic . what can i do for you ?	吉娜:嗨 , 凯尔博士临床 , 我能为你做什么 ?
sergio: yeah , it sure is but they have the best drinks .	sergio:是的 , 它肯定是最好的饮料 。
it was amazing that the boy was able to solve the problem so quickly .	男孩很惊讶 , 能很快解决这个问题 。
let's suppose you have a subteam working in a private branch .	让我们假设你有一个子团队在私人分支工作 。
she also writes for the times and the magazine psychologies .	她还写了时代和杂志心理学 。
these real problems already bridge the dichotomies in the science .	这些真正的问题已经在科学中建立了二分体 。
art is communicating and perhaps people can get something from this respect .	艺术是沟通的 , 也许人们可以从这方面获得一些东西 。
i mean , you're already talking about how that's not applicable .	我的意思是 , 你已经谈论这是如何适用的 。
" is the tao in a handheld calculator ? " asked the novice .	" 是一名手持电脑的台子吗 ? " 小说问道 。
these new ideas are penetrating into the minds of the younger generation .	这些新思想正在渗透到年轻时代的思想 。
there’s another detail i love in this shot—the cropped foot .	我爱的另一个细节我喜欢在这张鞋子里的作物足部 。
it brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .	它带来更加强烈的雨水期间的干旱 。
each player who searches his or her library shuffles it afterwards .	每个球员都搜索他的或她的图书馆 , 然后把它放在后面 。
creation is then rooted in the mutual love of the persons of the triune god .	然后创造就根据三un神的相互爱 。
but if you are going to make them permanent ? where are you gonna cut spending ?	但是如果你要做永久的话 , 那么你会切割花哪里 ?
good programmers strive for code clarity in addition to code performance .	除了代码性能良好的程序员还努力为代码清晰度 。
i do remember my brother learning to ride a bike though .	我记得我的兄弟学习骑自行车 。
the summer season is upon us and with it comes bathing suit season .	夏季的季节是我们的 , 随着它来到了适合季节 。
please play with it before everyday use , in case miss important calls !	请在日常使用之前玩它 , 就错过重大调用 !
they're used to large nontoxic animals , like wolves and bears .	他们习惯于大型非毒动物 , 像狼和熊一样 。
this was probably the first time the britons came into contact with other peoples .	这可能是第一次英国人与其他人联系的时候 。
there's nothing stuckup about the great english wild flower .	大英野花没有什么东西 。
study on divisible abelean group of difference familypairs ;	研究了不同家庭对比组的可分类belean群 ;
any parcel over the dimension limit should be repacked into smaller ones .	任何尺度限制的范围都应该被包装到更小的一个 。
a thin , whitehaired man was sitting on a wooden seat .	一个瘦的 , 白发男子坐在一个木头座上 。
but he still admires christians because of the way they face death .	但是他仍然承认基督徒是因为他们面对死亡的途径 。
here are five steps you can take to help your machines run much faster .	这里有五个步骤你可以帮助你的机器跑得很快 。
the report on thatstrand of hair found in elena ortiz's wound margin .	这份报告在埃利娜·奥蒂兹的伤口边缘找到了这份报告 。
technically , a cms stores all of the content in a database .	技术上 , cms存储在数据库中的所有内容 。
the procedures are similar to thesis flow ratetime method .	该过程类似于论文流率法 。
my mother was wrapping some banana fritters for a customer .	我的妈妈为客户打包了一些香蕉fritter 。
at the left is a temple dedicated to the roman emperor hadrian .	左边是皇帝哈利亚的一个寺庙 。
the connecting of these pipes is done by the message receiver .	这些管道的连接由消息接收器执行 。
experiment result: smoke is poisonous to tadpoles .	实验结果:吸烟对脂肪有毒 。
then , the low dose effects and roentgenography interval were discussed .	然后 , 讨论了低剂量效果和玫瑰相互间隔 。
so i advocate socalled 'xiaocheng english' .	所以我倡导所谓的 " 小城英语 " 。
the application conditions and methods of using the tiltmeter are described .	介绍了使用钛计的应用条件及方法 。
whether caffeine banishes cellulite is less clear .	咖啡因白细胞是否少清晰 。
a 9to5 work schedule provides enough time to relax .	9to5工作计划提供足够的时间来放松 。
do you remember he gives ? a couple of examples of this sort ?	你记得他给了吗 ? 几个例子 ?
the sailors couldn't find anything to caulk the seam in the boat .	帆船不能找到任何东西 , 在船上捕捉海啸 。
hundreds of deceased soldiers lay in a state of disarray .	数百名死亡的士兵在一个残疾状态下躺着 。
you can always go trickortreating during the afternoon or to the mall .	你总是在下午或下午的时候都会遇到严重的处理 。
total number under poverty line 2010: 815 , 755	2010年贫困线总数:815 , 75
kisangani resident said the plane had broken into three pieces .	康安尼居民说这架飞机已经破坏了三件 。
with the coming of national day , i have a one week holiday .	随着国庆的来临 , 我有一个星期的假日 。
the reactionaries are fierce in appearance but feeble in reality .	反应物在外表中显得激烈 , 但实际上却是费用的 。
the boy plays up his strong points and minimizes his weaknesses .	男孩玩强劲的点 , 最小化他的弱点 。
that's somewhere we haven't dragged morley to yet .	那是我们没有拖着摩利的地方 。
ottawa is also a mustsee city where i currently live .	奥塔瓦也是我目前生活的一个必须的城市 。
we must carry on with the investigation until all the facts are found .	我们必须进行调查 , 直到所有事实都被发现 。
the significance of perinatal diagnosis was discussed .	讨论了周围诊断的意义 。
the passengers turned quite green with sea sickness .	乘客用海病变得十分绿 。
please line the drawers with clean paper after you have emptied them .	请用清洁纸后用清洁纸进行抽屉 。
a noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right .	一名诺贝勒曼在自己的权利举行了vis帐户的排名 。
doing so will help offset the harmful effects of urban pollution .	这样做就会帮助消除城市污染的有害影响 。
many specialistic techniques contribute to archaeology .	许多专业技术为考古学贡献了贡献 。
forest ecoeconomic productivity and the development of forestry produce ;	森林生态生态生产力和林业发展 ;
the calculations are performed in parallel on each partition where the data is .	计算结果在每个分区中执行并行并行 。
investigators have identified the bomber as han wushun .	调查人员已经确定了汉武云的炸弹 。
leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine is an uncommon tumor .	小肠小肠的白色体瘤是一种常见的肿瘤 。
faultstring is a human readable description of the fault .	故障字符串是故障可读的描述 。
launch an effort to get together the various departments .	共同开展各种部门的努力 。
very possible that you don't meet any one of these two conditions .	很可能你不会遇到任何两个条件之一 。
mom: you just care about this ? haven't you compared other things ?	妈妈:你只是关心这件事吗 ? 你没有比别的事情吗 ?
the cristae of the mitochondria are arranged closely .	米托尼亚的克里斯蒂亚密切地安排了 。
winter morning , most of the bleak shantang should be it snow !	冬天早上 , 大多数的山阳应该是雪 !
i thought it would raise a smile with people at the exhibition .	我觉得这会带着一个微笑的人在展览上展览 。
can i get some phenobarbital , something to calm this guy down ?	我能得到一些菠萝生物 , 某些东西可以把这家伙静下来呢 ?
if you keep on collection , in time you'll have a wealth of data .	如果你收集的话 , 你会有一个财富的数据 。
the “others” were asleep , while they both breathed the same fever .	" 天主 " 都睡着 , 同时他们都呼吸着同样的热 。
oh , i love new orleans , but i want to go home and visit tara .	哦 , 我喜欢新奥尔良 , 但我想回家去塔拉 。
i will be 96 , so i will be making films very , very slowly .	我将是96岁的 , 所以我会很慢地拍摄电影 。
thanks obama for all the nasa cuts . you big dummy .	谢奥巴马为所有的nasa切割而感谢奥巴马 。
back to what we do should be for all the limitless affectionate and so back to .	回到我们应该做的是所有无限的感情 , 所以回到了 。
however , by year end , it has been found : it is a false alarm .	然而 , 到年底 , 它已经发现:它是虚假警报 。
most who unveil hisagendas deserve the condemnation they receive。	大多数人都要求他们接受的决定 。
tom: i feel very depressed and don't feel like doing anything .	汤姆:我感到非常沮丧 , 不要感觉到做任何事情 。
this is a major step and also can be the most tedious step in tuning .	这是一个主要的步骤 , 也可以是调整最严重的步骤 。
spammers also have become more sophisticated about exploiting trust .	蜘蛛们也对开发信任更加复杂 。
mission control said sharipov had reported that the crew were feeling fine .	任务控制人士称 , 沙利波夫已经报道 , 船员感觉很好 。
players on its own strength , through hard work then realize their dreams .	在自己的力量上 , 通过艰苦的努力实现他们的梦想 。
a: absolutely . it gives the team a scoring chance .	绝对的是 , 它给团队提供了一个扫描机会 。
the bridge ways that you form and that all of you know are made of this vitality .	你形成的桥梁 , 你所知道的所有人都是由这个活力组成的 。
we have both skirts and trousers that would look well with the sweater .	我们两个裙子和裤子都看起来很好 。
because people always sit in the closestools in washrooms .	因为人们总是坐在洗衣室里 。
on the two ends are designs of a blue dragon and a white tiger .	两端是蓝龙和白虎的设计 。
mining for malware there's gold in them thar proxy logs !	为马尔瓦尔有金在他们的thar代理日志上 !
lao k: sorry , second young master . can i say a word ?	老k:对不起 , 第二个年轻老师 。 我能说一句话吗 ?
i like norma because she's genuine person and never puts on side .	我喜欢诺马 , 因为她是真正的人 , 永远不放在面上 。
what if last night god destroyed my soul and put in a new soul ?	如果昨晚上帝摧毁了我的灵魂 , 放在一个新的灵魂中 ?
the development of dark tourism from edge to typical in practice .	黑客旅游的发展从边缘到典型的实践 。
may we all embrace life with love and faith , happiness and compassion .	愿我们与爱与诚信、幸福和相爱的时代生活 。
thus another form of generosity is sharing the word of god .	因此 , 生殖的另一种形式是共享上帝的话 。
i buried my head under the quilts , but my aunt heard me .	我在安静下埋头 , 可是我的姨妈听到我 。
mining and oil stocks moved lower , especially in london .	矿业和石油股市移动较低 , 尤其是伦敦 。
the unique imaging findings have never been reported in literature .	独特的成像发现从未在文学中报告过 。
the thirdgraders are having a traffic education lesson .	第三年级的交通教育课程 。
hell for some time , full of murderous look will become more angry .	好几次 , 充满谋杀的看法会变得更愤怒 。
you and i are particulars ; your favorite chair is a particular .	你和我特别是 , 你最喜欢的椅子是特别的 。
it's been a heartbreakingly tragic two months for coal .	这是一两个月的煤炭悲惨的悲剧性 。
seconds out . let's go . what do we do ? tell me what to do .	第二个出去吧 。 我们怎么做 ? 告诉我怎么做 。
extract the contents of the festivalwin32 . zip file .	提取节价win32.zip文件的内容 。
the maid comes with god's blessing , and must be obeyed .	女性带着上帝的祝福 , 必须遵守 。
it cannot easily be palpated on physical examination .	物理检查不能轻易地掌握 。
the economic outlook deteriorates significantly ; or	经济外观显著降低 ;
the birds by aristophanes – (download pdf)	阿里斯坦的鸟儿 " 下载pdf " 。
click and drag from the start to endpoint that you wish to measure .	单击和拖动从开始到终点 , 你希望测量 。
stir in basil . spoon curry over rice . serve .	西班牙的搅拌 。 西班牙在米饭里吃饭 。
component gis software is the opposite of application software .	组件gis软件是应用软件对象 。
but i think unless you marry it , inherit it or work really hard for it ,	但是 , 除非你结婚 , 否则继承它或工作很难 。
and we've seen them before from the macroscopic point of view .	我们从宏观观角度看到它们 。
can the world really afford another risk of this magnitude ?	世界能否真正受到这个宏观风险的另一个风险 ?
results:in rau , there was large amount of inflame cells .	结果:在rau中 , 有大量的炎症细胞 。
computer science: $56 , 400 / $97 , 400	计算机科学:$56 , 400美元/97400美元 。
rubin claims the gizmo can even improve your sex life .	rubin声称gizmo甚至可以提高你的性生活 。
is it possible fme to see the harbour in person today ?	今天有可能的电影看到人类的哈勃人吗 ?
airing is under ventilated place , drying machine is not allowed .	空气在通风地下 , 干燥机不允许 。
alex: no , i will take my 6yearold daughter with me .	阿历克斯:不 , 我将带我6岁的女儿和我一起去 。
at the last lap john held him , and then began to pick up on him .	在最后一夫约翰举行了他 , 然后开始把他拿起来 。
patsy divorced her husband and is now living alone .	帕特西离婚她丈夫 , 现在生活在一起 。
procrastination is spending 30 mins looking for the right pen .	前列车正在花30分钟的时间去寻找右笔 。
she doesn't end the mask stuck to comus' chair .	她不结束mask的主席 。
did you know 65 percent of women have curly hair ? [1]	你知道65%的女性有诅咒发 ?
volume control was provided by a mccormack micro line drive .	由mccorck微线驱动提供的体积控制 。
it feels as if they are whipping my face with wire whips .	它感觉如果他们正在用线杆擦脸的话 , 那么它就像她们正在脸上一样 。
jia sixie is wellknown as a pioneer in farming .	嘉西是一名农业领导人 。
the short scaling time series have multifractal properties .	短规模时间系列具有多分形性能 。
i ordered the hairy crab , but you gave me the green crab .	我命令那头发蟹 , 但是你给我带绿色的蟹 。
they shot poisoned arrows from behind the thick bushes .	他们把毒箭从厚的公共汽车后面射出来 。
story of cultural symbols of china's mentorship .	中国文化标志的故事 。
continue pushing foward and success will eventually meet you .	继续推动前进和成功将终于满足你 。
you can turn any email address into a google account .	你可以将任何电子邮件地址转换成谷歌帐户 。
cold shut is not acceptable on " a " surfaces .	冷闭不可接受 " 表面 " 的 " 表面 。
haikou is the capit's city of hainan province .	海口是海南省的城市 。
the current director is professor wang keqiang .	目前的董事王凯江教授 。
that attitude affects idiomatic patterns as well .	这种态度也影响了偶像性模式 。
it’s a great complement to rice dishes , soups and pasta .	这对米菜、汤和巴斯塔是一个很好的补充 。
a good painting is shown before people as each drawing is done to the point .	一个好的绘画在人们面前 , 每一幅画都是做到的 。
if you want to add foshan , then our bank said that you should have other swift .	如果你想加入福山 , 那么我们的银行说你应该有其他的瑞典 。
few of the men of the round table had much heart to dispel them .	几个圆桌的男人有很多心来消失他们 。
you probably won't even risk injury or go hungry .	你可能甚至不会冒险伤害或饥饿 。
as we all know , the character of internet is fictitious and doubleacting .	正如我们所知道的 , 互联网的特征是虚幻和双行为 。
it looks at things like fashion , how people wear different clothes .	它看起来像时尚的东西 , 人们如何穿着不同衣服 。
handy to use and you may enjoy your flower tea anywhere !	手工用 , 你可以享受你的花茶 !
vacuum sweeper with robust petrol engine for outdoor use .	真空喷油发动机用于室外使用 。
when it is cloudy , i am cold , impuissant and sad .	当它是云的时候 , 我是寒冷的 , 令人惊讶的 。
i would be grumpy and cause those around me to be unhappy .	我会感到贪婪 , 使我周围的那些不幸福 。
you called it a script kiddy language , remember ?	你叫它一个脚本的孩子语言 , 记住吗 ?
they then created a simple mathematical model of what's going on .	然后他们创建了一个简单的数学模型 。
the first and each subsequent bezier spline requires only three points .	第一和每个后续的bezierspraline只需三分 。
where myth clashes with myth , it is however a very real clash .	神话克拉斯与神话的地方 , 却是一个非常真正的破坏 。
the second place we visited was monaco ville with the palace .	我们访问的第二个地方是蒙纳科村 。
this button hook makes dressing with one hand easier and quicker .	这个按钮钩使一个手更容易和快捷 。
this time it was those in the businessjet industry who cringed .	这个时候 , 这是商业工业中那些哭泣的人 。
then change your default gateway and hit the enter key twice .	然后改变默认的门 , 打击输入键二倍 。
finally , this paper discusses the procedures and applications of jmi .	最后讨论了jmi的过程和应用 。
shoichiro toyoda says he doesn't recall the meeting .	斯科希罗托尼达说他不回忆会议 。
we were completely amazed at the wonder and the greatness of nature .	我们完全惊讶于奇怪和自然的伟大 。
there is no such thing as nothingness , and zero does not exist .	没有这样的东西 , 零不存在 。
the amish people are living peacefully in our midst , slow development .	人民在我们中、慢发展中和平生活 。
the canvas pane is where all the viewer portlets are placed .	蜡烛花板是所有的观众portlet都放置的地方 。
antoni gaudi , from spain , main object of the thesis .	安东尼高迪是西班牙主体论文的 。
the receptionist asks , “have you ever seen a doctor ?	接待者问道: " 你曾见过医生吗 ?
finally a vanity tool that doesnâ€tmt despise you !	最后 , 一个无法避免的工具-----------------------------------
you have your work , your entertainment and your firends . i have only you .	你有你的工作 , 你的娱乐和你的火灾 。 我只有你 。
every day there are seven lessons . this is my timetable for monday .	每天有七个课 。 这是我周一的时间 。
you are the ones on earth who open the gate to the light .	你是在地球上打开门口的一个人 。
we have the example of the banking system and the car industry .	我们有银行系统和汽车行业的例子 。
the glass hit the corner of the table and broke on impact .	玻璃打击桌子的角落 , 打破了冲击 。
the late arrived of the ship had messed up all our plans .	晚到了船上已经消失了我们的计划 。
a lot of asexual people do want relationships and children .	很多异性的人都希望关系和孩子的关系 。
smetimes a beetle lost its way in the passages .	在传递中 , 一个beetle会失去它的路 。
however , where you can eat authentic donkey to fire it ?	然而 , 你在哪里可以吃真正的驴来消防它吗 ?
he was in a tiny capsule called friendship 7 .	他在一个叫做友谊7的小帽子里被称为 " 友谊 " 。
you know , do these things that i have no future , you know , in .	你知道 , 我没有未来的事情 , 你知道 。
anti corruption is a big issue of practice and theory .	反腐败是实践理论的大问题 。
for the first time , i felt like i was running into the wilderness .	第一次 , 我觉得我正在跑到野外 。
the university boasts a team of welltrained teachers .	大学拥有良好的教师团队 。
but a strong volcker rule just might take the cake away .	然而 , 强烈的火箭规则可能会把蛋糕带走 。
the renderer determines the quality of your final render .	渲染器决定您最后的渲染器质量 。
wildflowers of different colors brighten the rocky land .	不同颜色的野花亮着岩石土地 。
project only for those , who have suomi as mother language .	只有为那些有苏马尼的母语工程 。
what you need is an xml version of the directory listing .	您需要的是目录列表的xml版本 。
adam and eve conversed with god in the garden of eden .	亚当和埃德伦花园与上帝交谈 。
pingping's mother is one of the district nurses .	平平平的母亲是地区护士之一 。
she expertly slid the hypodermic needle into my vein .	她专家把假肢针放到我的静脉里 。
please amend your copy of the contract accordingly .	请根据合同修改你的副本 。
eg . he says his friend is confident in turning the table .	他说他的朋友很信心转桌子 。
she implored piteously a voice choked with sobs .	她很高兴地用sob打开了声音 。
you want to know how quickly is the other side going to get hot ?	你想知道别的一面要怎么快 ?
he shouted and rapped with his walking stick on the door .	他喊着 , 跟他走着走在门上 。
the children build sandcastles on the beach .	孩子们在海滩建沙弹 。
it's the final gasp of the burst housing bubble .	这是最后的房子泡沫 。
and if it sounds good , ask if there’s any way i can see their results .	如果它听起来很好 , 请问如果我能看到他们的结果 。
in starcraft , some units had instant attack animations .	在星球上 , 有些单位立即攻击动画 。
this new painkiller doe 't take long to act on the pain ?	这位新的疼痛者不长时间在疼痛上行动吗 ?
could we pretend that this is a normal first date between two normal people ?	我们能预计这是两个正常人之间第一个日期 ?
i later found out the world is full of victors , of people saying no .	后来我发现世界是充满受害者 , 有人说没有 。
once those are finished you can use your res . to make garages .	一旦完成你可以使用你的树脂 。 让垃圾 。
still , there were young men willing to ride for the pony express .	然而 , 有年轻男人愿意为波尼表达骑 。
it shows all infos from the header and dumps records...	它展示了所有从头部和饺子记录中显示的内容 。
they can tell us a lot about the history of trading on sea .	他们可以告诉我们很多关于海上交易史的历史 。
in part 1 , you learned how to create an obex server application .	第1部分 , 您学习如何创建一个客户服务器应用程序 。
on the whole it's a good plan and we shouldn't nitpick .	整个它是一个好计划 , 我们不应该nitpick 。
separate the essence of the test from the implementation details .	从实现细节中分离测试的本质 。
you didn't realize how much part of your life it was going to become .	你没有意识到你的生活中多少部分 , 就会变成 。
place smaller sticks crosswise to make a lattice effect .	放置更小的坚持跨越 , 使得更新的效果 。
he mutilated the nun and stuffed into a closet .	他把un和stufed变成一个关闭的关闭 。
geminis are often good at language , speaking and writing .	geminis通常在语言、语言、写作方面很好 。
i paid for the beers so i call dibs on the last bottle .	我为啤酒付了 , 所以我在最后的瓶子上叫dbs 。
and i can tell you at that point i wished i was back in canada .	我可以告诉你 , 我希望我在加拿大回来 。
you'll need to calculate how much time the assignment will take .	你需要计算多少时间的分配会采取 。
a but not tomorrow night . . . when are you next free ?	但是明天晚上没有 。 当你下一个自由的时候 ?
marylebone station was packed with homeward bound commuters .	马里勒骨站与家庭边界交通人员一起包装 。
do not leave when she is poor , ill , or unbeautiful .	不要留下她穷 , 病 , 或者不美 。
let us be determined not to collect grievances today .	今天我们决定不要收集贪婪 。
conclusion:asqa had good reliability and construct validity .	结论:asqa具有良好的可靠性和建设有效性 。
study group and control group had isonitrogenous and isocaloric intake .	研究组和对照组具有异性和异性摄入 。
g1/2 " 2perpendicular entries with hung cover . "	g1/2 " 2个独立的条款和匈牙盖 " 。
with the development of science , computer increasingly popular .	随着科学发展 , 计算机越来越受欢迎 。
you've got to hand it to the bottled water industry .	你必须把它交给瓶水行业 。
with things as such , we‘ll have to let things slide .	随着这样的事情 , 我们必须让事情滑动 。
flyfish the spring creeks of paradise valley .	飞行了天园谷的春水水 。
franklin: i peeked at one letter , that's all .	弗兰克林:我在一封信里哭了 , 这是所有的 。
peddling a handful can lead to a 15year sentence .	把握握手能带到一个15年的句子 。
little duck says: spring is a gentle and soft river .	小鸭说:春天是一条柔软的河 。
tonight jobs cleared up the matter once and for all .	今晚工作清理了事情 , 所有人都清理了 。
please pass me that pile of semicircular tiles .	请把那块半圆盘传递给我 。
men scoured the country looking for the lost child .	男人扫了这个国家寻找失去的孩子 。
guixi city shizhi compiling committee office ?	贵西市石西编译委员会办公室吗 ?
whom the gods destroy , we number1 do mad .	谁是神摧毁 , 我们数字1做疯子 。
house: only an idiot gets between ahab and his whale .	房子:只有一只雌雄鹰和他的鲸之间 。
for me , personally , i can really see both sides to the coin .	对我来说 , 我真的可以看到两侧的硬币 。
“from many cotton plants , ” the man answered .	" 很多棉花植物 , " 男人回答说 。
or you can begin to " work " to make your sex life more exciting .	或者你可以开始 " 工作 " 让你的性生活更激动 。
because of film editing , we couldn't see the whole show .	由于电影编辑 , 我们不能看到整个节目 。
how do children and teens experience depression ?	儿童和青少年如何经历抑郁 ?
where is now monk xuanzang of the tang dynasty ?	现在唐代僧人徐祖祖子在哪里 ?
okay ? ! possibly . or you . okay .	好吗 ? ! 可能 。 或者你 。 好吧 。
the otaku the media picks up on are usually this kind .	这些媒体通常是这样的 。
wen wen practicing her backward crossover in dec 2010 .	温文在2010年12月实践她的背跨越 。
what are the units here ? we write 12 . 011 .	这里的单位是什么 ? 我们写12.011 。
aim: to study the constituents of abrus mollis hance .	目的:探讨brusmollis的成分 。
antony goes for projects on a massive scale .	安东尼在大规模的项目上去 。
and it deepens household and community poverty .	而且它深化了家庭和社区贫困 。
this aspect of luke's work has occasioned much discussion .	这方面卢克的作品发生了很多讨论 。
standards for drinking water have been improved continuously .	连续提高饮用水的标准 。
'of course , ' ms . darling sneers .	" 可是 , " 达林先生说 。
i quickly put all the socks are washed over again .	我很快把所有的袜子都洗了 。
chandler: blue blazer back . hehe wants it back .	查德勒:蓝色布莱泽回来 , 他想回来 。
no one questions china’s civilian control of the military .	没有一个问题的中国民事控制军事 。
holyflag will be customized for the entire handling process .	圣诞旗将被定制为整个处理过程 。
the filial piety is the center of retirement throughout .	菲律皮埃是全部退休的中心 。
no04 , 5 . i don't know how to thank you for all your help .	诺04 , 5 。 我不知道怎么感谢你所有的帮助 。
i have so much to do today . i am run off my feet .	我今天做得太多了 。 我跑了我的脚 。
the company did not say in the filing which banks loaned the money .	公司并没有在银行贷款的文件中说明银行贷款 。
after about half an hour , i realised i really needed to fart .	大约一半小时后 , 我真的意识到我真的需要快速 。
love is , and it can last , if we remember our differences .	爱是 , 最后 , 如果我们记住我们的差别 。
leo: now , if you’ll just follow me to the lounge .	李:现在 , 如果你只要跟我跟着我去伦敦 。
this life , this love that you and i have been dreaming of , for so long .	这个生命 , 这个爱你和我一直梦想 , 长期以来 。
the poor man at last was eased and hence lived happily .	穷人最后很容易 , 因此生活得快乐 。
the warning is based on the latest 5day weather forecasts .	警告基于最新的5天气预报 。
ma kang is a good friend of mine , and a unique one .	马康是一位好朋友 , 一个独特的朋友 。
it is a basic emotion with a characteristic facial expression .	它是一种具有特征面部表达的基本情感 。
triumphing over death , and chance , and thee , o time .	死亡的时候 , 机会 , 和时刻 。
a popup tip will tell you whether it is on or off .	一个popuptptp会告诉你是否在或离开它 。
these things could change if you learn how to manage your violence .	如果你学习如何管理暴力的话 , 这些事情可能会变化 。
huang zongzhi is one of the most famous legal historian .	黄宗宗是最著名的法律史学家之一 。
he has been given a label " playboy " by his friends .	他被朋友给了一个标签 " 玩家 " 。
it's also unbelievable to me that he would ever end his life .	同样对我来说 , 他永远永远会结束他的生活 。
each of us dipped a finger into the mixture and sucked it .	我们每个人都把手指插入混合物中 , 然后把它插入混合物中 。
the caribbean waters there are also perfect for scuba diving .	加勒比亚水还有完美的苏比亚潜水 。
an airraid alarm sounded in the depths of night .	一个空气警报在夜间深处发出声音 。
they would like to after a long night can see by the morning glow !	他们想在一个长夜之后才能看到早晨的光芒 !
dougong was widely used in the spring and autumn period .	道格朗在春秋时期广泛应用 。
will judge hudson's decision be upheld on appeal ?	法官赫德森的决定是否被诉讼的 ?
i thought it would help . you're the best , you know that ?	我想它会帮助 。 你是最好的 , 你知道吗 ?
and why do we make it so hard to amend our constitution .	为什么我们努力修改我们的宪法 。
no one near seems to be thinking , or feeling , or working .	似乎没有人想到 , 或者感觉 , 或者工作 。
afterwards , ao patient about aunt and monica a pile .	后来 , ao患者关于姨妈和蒙妮卡一桩 。
great minds think alike , but fools seldom differ .	好心想像一样 , 但愚蠢的差别很少 。
many people with foot pain can get relief just by losing weight .	许多患足部疼痛的人只能减少重量 。
i will never draw like them . but they will never draw like me .	我永远不会像他们一样画 , 但他们永远不会像我一样画 。
i could not control and make selfrepression on such rational basic .	我不能控制和自我抑制这样的理性基础 。
he was just a person . he was avoiding eye contact .	他只是一个人 , 他避免眼睛接触 。
this group was laid out and arranged in accordance with buddhist cosmology .	此组根据佛教宇宙学 , 按佛教宇宙学建立并安排 。
determine the relationship qiang shen and qin day together very happy .	确定张沈和秦天的关系非常高兴 。
runners who lost more than 3% of their weight during the run finished fastest .	运行者在运行最快的运行过程中失去了3%的重量 。
the weekold peace talks there between the two sides were near collapse .	周龄和平谈到两侧之间的两侧之间是近崩溃的 。
there was a relationship between the conductance activation energy and detergency .	导电活性能与变性之间有着关系 。
our brains are roughly 25 percent larger than those of the late homo erectus .	我们的大脑比晚期同性直肠的25%大 。
they stood on the top of the mountain , watching the sun rising in the east .	他们站在山顶上 , 看着阳光在东方上升 。
yueliangshan fault is the east segment of haiyuan fault zone .	岳阳山断裂是海源断裂区东段 。
we'll be reading his essay on suicide . hume died , had an illness .	我们会在自杀阅读他的文章 , 哈马死了一个疾病 。
there is only one practicing spot here in liuyang . i have been there for only three times .	这里只有一个在刘阳的实践点 。 我只有三次 。
in the center of town is a pair of 20footlong sheet metal shidas .	镇中心是一对20英尺的金属盾牌 。
together with the avalokitesvara figure in the middle , 33 in total .	在中间 , 33个中间 , 与avalokitesvara图一起 。
the little ship tried to escape when the big pirate ship bore down on it .	小船试图逃避大海盗船在船上飞船的时候 。
he was standing almost broadside , his great head up and turned toward them .	他站在几乎广阔的地方 , 他的大头向他们转向 。
but i think it will be wiser of lee to put your best side outward , ' she added .	但是我觉得这将是李老师把你最好的一面放在外面 , " 她补充道 。
a loving husband who treats me like a queen yet everyday i remember .	一个爱的丈夫 , 每天我都记得像一个女王一样的女王 。
their metabolism and the mechanism of antifatigue are elaborated in this paper .	本文阐述了它们的代谢与抗疲劳的机理 。
little birds and pigs now come in the form of edible cake toppers .	小鸟和猪现在来到可食用蛋糕的形式 。
obtain the essential feature that is larcenous behavior secretly .	得到标志行为的必要特征 。
you know that the function of a protein is intimately related to its structure .	你知道蛋白的功能与其结构相关 。
18they divide my garments among them and cast lots for my clothing .	18岁的衣服分离了我的服 , 为我的衣服很多 。
it is nto the same thing to have a bare field in january and in juluy .	这是nto同样的事情在一月份和六月份都有一个不少的领域 。
steering gear is the most important component of the automotive veering system .	转向齿轮是汽车矢量系统的重要组成部分 。
sitting comfortably at number three is bagan temple and pagodas .	坐在数字三号时舒适坐在巴根寺和巴哥达斯 。
it is characterized by containing concave and convex rod stone powder in said paste .	它是由含有洞穴和凸棒石粉组成的特点 。
currently sharp does not make compressors , a key air conditioner component .	目前鲨鱼并不制造压缩机 , 关键空调组件 。
to provide monitoring , inspection and technical guidance for food hygiene ;	为了为食品卫生提供监测、检查和技术指导 ;
around tenthirty that night , they ended up back in madeleine’s dorm room .	在那天晚上十三分之一的时候 , 他们终于回到玛丽琳的宿舍 。
the actual rate discount would have to be applied in the credit card management system .	实际利率折扣必须在信用卡管理系统中应用 。
he is not only the pride of the people in hainan , but also the pride of people all over the world .	他不仅是海南人民的骄傲 , 而且也是全世界人民的骄傲 。
main components: a variety of aromatic ketones and aromatic esters .	主要成分:各种芳香酮和芳香树脂 。
this article has a brief review on holocene climate changes in mongolia .	本文简要介绍蒙古全球气候变化的综述 。
in the scene turns the large flame often gushes out to the window outside .	在场景中 , 大火通常在外面吹出窗口 。
to handle an invalid contract must abide by the principle of restitution .	要处理有效合同必须遵循复制原则 。
optimistic , tigers always bounce back for new and fresh challenges .	乐观 , 老虎总是为新鲜挑战而奋斗 。
many of the people of darwin escaped by hiding in cellars that night .	许多达尔文人在夜间隐藏的细胞中逃脱 。
i'm not doubting for a moment the sincerity of the couple's distress .	我不怀疑一刻对夫妇的诚信 。
the first section of this article ponders the corporation in the point of view of right and power .	本文第一部分在权利和权力方面对公司的观点 。
we did talk about changing it , but feared it would only be perceived as a nerf .	我们谈论改变它 , 但恐惧只会被视为一个紧张 。
your parents tell you to boil herbs and stay inside when you get sick .	你的父母告诉你在你病的时候 , 把她放在她身边 。
the club only has an 18hole green fee and caddie fee at weekends .	俱乐部只有18英里的绿色费用和卡迪费 。
virtually every new company complains about the difficulty of raising seed capital .	几乎每个新公司都抱怨提高种子资本困难 。
i desire no further advice from you , ' answered mr linton .	我不愿你进一步建议 , " 林顿先生回答说 。
i have a stomachache . i think i got some bad food at lunch today .	我有一个胃疼 。 我觉得今天午餐上有一些坏食物 。
good moring , mr . smith . i am sunfang coming for an interview .	很好的动作 , 史密斯先生 。 我来访孙芳 。
half a shovelful has fallen off . ) evil's mask of innocence .	半个鞋子已经落下了 。 邪恶的面罩 。
mt . 10:23 and when they persecute you in this city , flee into another .	先生10:23和当他们在这个城市中急救你时 , 飞到另一个城市 。
let's look at the curriculum for the robotics engineering program at wpi .	让我们去看wpi机器人工程项目的课程 。
i think it was you i sent , " he added , addressing the staffofficer . "	我觉得这是你发送的 , " 他补充道 , 地址员工 。
i thenrealizedi had no right to place myself abovehimjust because he was busking .	然后 , 我就没有权利把自己放在上面 , 因为他是忙碌的 。
the train was full of proles , in holiday mood because of the summery weather .	火车充满了天气 , 由于夏天气 。
he spent over ten thousand us dollars to buy a table filled with holes .	他花了十万美元买一张桌子充满洞 。
diluted earnings per american depositary share came to $1 . 26 .	每股美国储蓄股价上涨1.26美元 。
" some were thrilled that caesar had died , and some were horrified , " he said .	他说: " 有些人惊讶的是凯萨死了 , 有些人被荣幸 。 "
between history and the eternal i have chosen history because i like certainties .	在历史与永恒之间 , 我选择了历史 , 因为我喜欢肯定 。
the discovery also reveals how male squid compete for female mating partners .	这项发现还揭示男性快速竞争雌性伴侣的男性 。
improved management of the cadre and personnel files of the rules and regulations .	改进了规则和规范的干部和人员文件的管理 。
red narrating: you could argue he'd done it to carry favor with the guards .	红叙述:你可以争论他要做的是与卫兵相爱的事情 。
it's so nice to have you today . please come and see me again sometime .	今天你很好 , 请有时再见我 。
thousands of militants traded in guns for stipends and training .	数千名军方在枪手和训练中交易 。
roundtrip economy class air ticket for hong kong and gold coast on sq . .	香港和金海岸环境经济类空票 。
above , an artist's conception of the space launch system blasting off .	上面 , 一个艺术家的空间发射系统的概念 。
the idc has a more uniform work function distribution than an oxide cathode .	idc具有比氧化氧阴极更均匀的工作功能分布 。
many of jones' old friends join his team , along with some new ones .	许多琼斯的老朋友加入他的团队 , 沿着一些新的朋友 。
artists using this method of mixing colours to draw are called " pointillism " .	艺术家使用这种混合颜色的方法被称为 " 点击主义 " 。
because i really want to understand what it is like for a son and a father to relate each other .	因为我真的想理解这是儿子和父亲相关的事情 。
scientists are conducting sampling to understand the threats from water pollution .	科学家们正在对水污染的威胁进行采样 。
just permit the dime that she so shrinks in the carriage , allow her to so wail .	只是允许她那么在车上闪烁 , 允许她那么华丽 。
the effects of sedation may make you forget what you were instructed after the procedure .	编辑的效果可能使你忘记在程序之后被教导的事情 。
he chuckled slightly and blushed . " yeah , that was my girl . "	他略微地冲着 , " 是的 , 那是我的女孩 。 "
cut the fish fillet in chunks , marinate it with some salt and pepper .	把鱼放在春天 , 用一些盐和辣椒把它放在一起 。
our company is specialized in the production of pet collar , traction with the enterprise .	我公司专业生产宠物核心 , 跟踪企业 。
after years of ross mooning over rachel , she finally found out that he was in love with her .	经过多年的玫瑰月亮 , 她终于发现他爱她 。
to spirit , getting is meaningless and giving is all . t5 . i . 1 . 7	为了精神 , 得到的是无意义的 , 给予的是所有的 。
and " change " refers to unleashing staff potential through deepening reform .	而 " 改变 " 则指通过深化改革解放员工潜力 。
when someone drives a perfect car in an improper manner , no one blames the car...	当有人驾驶完美的汽车时 , 没有人指责汽车...
the user can also select another language and read content in that language .	用户也可以选择另一个语言和阅读内容 。
if you’re a fan of the bubbly , you could try seltzer water instead .	如果你是泡沫的球迷 , 你可以尝试塞尔兹水替代 。
therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine	所以现在听到这个 , 你冲突了 , 喝醉 , 但不要喝酒 。
abundant kidneyyang warms and promotes all the viscera and organs .	丰富的肾阳暖和促进所有的viscera和器官 。
there are many methods to solve the one kind of ion reactions for the problem of groundwater .	有很多方法解决地下水问题的一种离子反应方法 。
lather enhancer advantage in shampoos , soap , and facial wash .	激光增强剂在hampoos、soap和面部洗涤中优势 。
the best physicians are dr . diet , dr quiet and dr . merryman .	最好的物理学家是饮食、安静和默里曼博士 。
the longterm bull market trendline drawn from 2001 has remained intact .	长期公牛市场趋势从2001年获得了完整的情况 。
meattextured fish protein concentrate is a new product developed in 1980's .	肉类鱼类蛋白浓度是1980年发展的新产品 。
hook the small prawn from tail to head for fishing prawns and small fish .	把尾巴从尾巴拿到鱼丸和小鱼头部 。
she waited for narcissus to speak first , and prepared her answer .	她等着纳西斯首先讲话 , 准备她的答案 。
if i didn't study , i would buy a baby rabbit like mr . wu .	如果我没有学习 , 我会买一只宝宝兔像吴先生这样的孩子 。
a group of people starts a business and they say , let's divide up the proceeds .	一群人开始了一个业务 , 他们说 , 让我们分开这个程序 。
otherwise , you're wasting a bit , so to speak , unnecessarily .	否则 , 你正在浪费一点 , 所以说话不必要 。
relationalism is the essence of practical materialism and piagets theory .	关系主义是实际材料主义和piage理论的精神 。
antiaustralia graffiti is sprinkled around the capital , dili .	反澳大利亚草坪是在首都迪里的资本周围的地方 。
lounge patrons desperately wanted to imbibe the essence of all this .	洛杉矶巡逻人绝望希望在所有的本质上免费 。
modern cpus contain a subsystem known as the memory management unit .	现代cpus包含一个被称为内存管理单元的子系统 。
police said sunday that the death toll in the shooting rose to 86 .	警方周日表示 , 枪击中死亡的星期日升至86 。
the invention discloses a microbial inoculum and a preparation method thereof .	本发明公开了一种微生物细胞和制备方法 。
youth , in particular , are seen as beacons of innovation and creativity .	尤其是青少年 , 被视作创新和创造力的背景 。
she also advises against anything with the words " antiaging . "	她还建议任何与 " 抗衰老 " 的话相反 。
the editorinchief blue penciled the article written by his reporter .	编辑首席蓝铅笔记者写的文章 。
to date , there have been 63 , 595 sales through the torontomls system this year .	为了日期 , 今年已有63 , 595个销售 。
i made a statement on our website that freddie is and will be part of our squad .	我在我们的网站上发表声明 , 弗雷迪是我们的广场的一部分 。
everyone else tweaking their sites for their own use can do anything they want and will !	其他人都用自己的用途来减弱他们的网站 , 可以做任何他们想要和愿意 !
later in the season , despite good planning , product starts to run out unevenly .	随后在季节 , 尽管好规划 , 产品开始不平常运行 。
time for striver is kind of treasure , for lazy person , is a kind of burden .	先锋的时间是一种宝贵的财富 , 对于懒惰的人来说 , 是一种负担 。
our silks are known for good quality . they are one of our traditional exports .	我们的丝绸是很好的质量 , 他们是我们传统的出口之一 。
if you build your team from start , you will have much easyer time in the future .	如果你从开始建立你的团队 , 你将有很容易的时间在未来 。
but even so , the two sister still can not help but think she is the advantage of their home .	但即使是这样 , 两个妹妹仍然不能帮助 , 但认为她是他们家的优势 。
figure 1 shows a screen capture of the application , a bar graph of yearly results .	图1显示了应用程序的屏幕捕捉 , 一个年度结果的屏幕图 。
my mouth was wide open when i entered the cup room in via turati .	当我进入了吐拉蒂的杯间时 , 我的嘴部很广泛 。
imagine another 250 million people urbanising china over the next 20 years .	想象另外一个250万人在未来20年内城市化中国 。
you can hover over vertical arrows to get details on the locks being held .	你可以在垂直箭头上获得详细的锁子 。
these landforms were dubbed tiankeng , or " naturally formed pits " .	这些土地是由天城或 " 自然形成的坑 " 。
if the ball arrives one second beforehand , will you yield it to the wind ?	如果球到了一秒之前 , 你会把它带到风中吗 ?
button shaped beads pendant , earing , a meson , welcome to order !	按钮形状的珠裤 , 耳朵 , 儿子 , 欢迎订单 !
as to what and how to release , the authorities will comply with relevant laws .	正如何释放 , 机关部门将遵循相关法律 。
journalist: mr lin , do you think this is a very nice chance for bening ?	记者:林先生 , 你认为这是一个很好的机会 ?
twiggy was a little of both boy and girl , a mirror of her time .	twiggy两个男孩和女孩都是一个镜子 。
if the market goes his way , he waits to be proven even more right bigger is better .	如果市场走了路 , 他等待更多的权利更好 。
after a moment’s hesitation , tweener reaches out and takes the burger .	经过一刻的犹豫之后 , tweener到达了外面 , 拿着手机 。
the world in general , and even more your briny world , accepts flogging .	一般来说 , 世界上越来越多你的briny世界 , 接受了登记 。
stack two 1 . 4x is better than one 2x in terms of picture quality .	在图片质量方面 , 栈2.4x比一个2x更好 。
listen to the tape and find out the main idea of this article and how it is organized .	听这篇文章的主要思想 , 以及如何组织它 。
1923 insulin first became generally available for use by diabetics .	1923年胰岛素第一般用于糖尿病使用 。
of course , not all longstanding restaurants are celebrity haunts .	当然 , 不所有长期的餐馆都是名人 。
effect analysis: day heart to have the devil body , brandied denied .	效果分析:日心有魔鬼身体 , 分支否认 。
the bride was delighted , kissed him , and loved him with all of her heart .	新娘很高兴 , 亲吻他 , 爱他所有的心 。
you will be able to swap hotbar configurations at the same time you swap specs .	同时你将能够在您的时候打开热栏配置 。
there are many drove past some rubber estate around in kuala lumpur .	在kalalumpur周围有许多驾驶过一些橡胶房地产 。
vanda miss joaquim is the national flower of singapore .	凡达·约安奎姆是新加坡民族花 。
objective to establish quality standard for compound zhuanggu capsule .	目的建立复合张gu胶囊的质量标准 。
investigation and study of medicinal plants over yao wang mountain .	杨山医药植物调查研究 。
however , this defeats the strong typing of the anonymous type .	然而 , 这缺乏匿名类型的强大类型 。
sun yuwen was an important figure of late qing dynasty .	孙玉文是清晚清时期的重要数字 。
the coming of automation is bound tohave important social consequences .	自动化的未来是边界的重要社会后果 。
this was the realisation that many children here can’t afford to go school .	这是许多孩子在这里不能去学校的意识 。
it's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion .	这证实很难把他拖下到完成的一个定义日期 。
a lot of the issues we do within epa , or technically , is in nature .	很多我们在epa内做的很多问题 , 或者技术上 , 是在自然上 。
the man was an undercover deputy from iredell county sheriff's office .	这个男子是来自爱尔尔德尔县牧师办公室的知识部门 。
mc: would you please update us about shinhwa members' activities .	麦克:请更新我们关于shinhwa成员的活动 。
we are not told why jesus made some mud and placed it over the man's eyes .	我们不告诉耶稣为什么做些泥泞 , 把它放在男人的眼里 。
the captain brought the men to attention as the general arrived .	队长带来了男人注意一般来的注意 。
your father takes on too much . he forgets he's not growing any younger .	你的父亲太多了 。 他忘记他不生长任何年轻人 。
you need to have an existing project loaded into the integrated development environment .	你需要将现有的项目加载到整合开发环境中 。
and , during feiler's battle with cancer , they would fight alongside him .	此外 , 在菲尔与癌症战斗期间 , 他们将与他一起战斗 。
henceforth it will be more difficult to avoid customs examination .	因此 , 要避免海关考试的困难更难 。
american liquor companies are finding inspiration in the financial crisis .	美国酒店在金融危机中找到激励 。
it is of reference value to control the pollution of the regional environment .	控制区域环境污染的参考价值 。
keep track of how much you'll need to pay for insurance and office supplies .	跟踪你需要多少钱来保险和办公供应 。
concise , after receipt of the g frequently reply in turn good mood .	结论 , 经过gg接收后经常回复好情绪 。
unclaimed bodies of the victims , such as rehabilitation work is under way .	无声称受害者的身体 , 比如康复工作在路下 。
karen: i read about that in a trade mag . it's a new technology .	卡伦:我在贸易杂志中读到这个问题 。 它是一个新的技术 。
this is the third in the discussion of the stars that make up the summer triangle .	这是夏季三角星的第三个星系的讨论 。
in play garden , his since actor , it is miscellaneous labour ;	在玩园里 , 他的演员自从演员之后 , 它是错误的劳动 ;
using this factory , the following data types used for the service definition were designed .	采用此工厂 , 设计以下的服务定义使用数据类型 。
the beaver dammed the stream with mud , branches and leaves .	海滩坝坝和泥、枝和叶坝坝坝坝 。
let's get some more coffee first . i'd like a sandwich , too .	让我们先吃一些咖啡 。 我也喜欢一个沙瓦奇 。
i don't want to suggest that sabrina's work is purely erotic here .	我不想建议萨布莱纳的工作是纯粹的热情 。
i call this italy's “straits of messina phenomenon .	我称这意大利的 " 吸引mesina现象 " 。
read the directions and directly you will be directed in the right direction .	阅读正确方向的方向 , 直接阅读方向 。
but when the policyholder is mortgages people , the situation should be different .	但当政策持有人抵押贷款时 , 应该有不同的情况 。
this helps the doctor estimate how long you have been pregnant and your due date .	这帮助医生估计你已经怀孕的时间多长 。
this ' honing ' is necessary in my opinion because of some reasons .	这是因为一些原因 , 我的意见是必要的 。
when deciding whether or not to refinance , there are many factors to con sider .	当决定是否有金融 , 还有很多因素对sider有很多因素 。
we have seven children in my family . all sisters , excepting me .	我们在家里有七个孩子 。 所有姐姐 , 除了我外 。
it offers the theoretical foundation for the use of this endosperm specific promoter .	它为使用这个内极特定推广器提供理论基础 。
when the weather warms up , ice cream shops have lines out their doors .	当天气温暖的时候 , 冰淇淋店已经走出门 。
in his art world , also an impressive spring waters and autumn hills scene .	在他的艺术世界 , 也是一个深刻的春水和秋山景 。
and he has discovered many such grassroots experts on douban . com .	他发现了许多草根专家在双方 。
i made whales , fish , and birds of every size , shape and colour .	我把鲸、鱼和鸟类都放在每个尺寸、形状和颜色上 。
if two people are meant to be together , eventually they ' ll find their wat back .	如果两个人意味着一起 , 最终他们会找回他们的眼睛 。
our evaluation: the parallel web provides no data locality whatsoever .	我们的评价:并行网络提供无资料地方 。
these restaurant recommendations can be viewed by other friends of yours .	这些餐馆建议可以被其他朋友看到 。
i’m trying to remove as many impediments to that as possible .	我试图删除许多不可能的印象 。
that he had fed live kittens to sharks . ( " no kittens . "	那个他曾经吃过的猫猫去鲨鱼 。
shield and heraldic mail with surcoat show your custom banner .	屏蔽和神秘的邮件显示您的定制禁止器 。
some believe there are concerns among the central government as well .	有些人相信中央政府也有关心 。
and she passed a crime scene where somebody was shot on the street .	她通过了一场犯罪场景 , 有人在街上拍摄 。
the east end of the chapel projects farther eastwards than the great gate .	第一章东端的章节项目比大门更远 。
all others who found—and opened bottles—would be put to death .	所有发现的人都打开了瓶子--------------------------------------
in version 6 . 0 , many additional enhancements have been introduced .	在版本6.0版本中 , 许多额外的增强已经引入了 。
pilate therefore , willing to release jesus , spake again to them .	因此 , 愿释放耶稣 , 再次向他们说话 。
this product has the functions of antifatigue and adjusting immune .	本产品具有抗疲劳和调节免疫功能 。
firstly , i needed to register domain name with a registrant . for e . g .	首先 , 我需要注册域名和注册者注册 。
the cast iron rod bushing provides maximum load bearing support .	铸铁路建筑提供最大负载支持 。
flower town: yunnan known as " kingdom of plants " .	花城:云南称为 " 植物王国 " 。
here's a frontispiece with rosenberg in a military coat .	在这里 , 与罗森伯格在军事服装的罗森伯格和罗森伯格一起 。
love the team , love the whole team , believe and trust , 4ever .	爱团队 , 爱整个团队 , 相信和信任 , 4 。
the machine is with accessories and suitable for the binging of insole .	机器是配件和适合于插件的边缘 。
he then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman .	然后他改变了整体而且花了下八个小时作为尘埃人 。
i gave away a block of cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon in it .	我离开了一块切达奶酪 , 用挤碎的袋子 。
we came in third . that was because ivor caught a crab right at the start .	我们第三个时候来了 。 这是因为ivor在开始捕捉一只蟹 。
the beekeepers did not find dead adult bees as they often do after winter .	蜜蜂保护者在冬天经常没有发现死亡成年蜜蜂 。
stiga has now managed to combine speed and touch in the same blade .	现在stiga已经管理与同一刀的速度和触摸 。
you may override this behavior with the n , or maxargs , parameter .	你可以用n或maxargs , 参数覆盖这个行为 。
no , you may keep him out the whole night for me , '' i answered .	不 , 你可以把他放在整个晚上 , " 我回答说 。
at the same time , their sensitivity to the absurd is sharper than ever .	同时 , 他们对吸收的敏感性比永远更明显 。
all good chinese writers who to my mind are worth anything have repudiated it .	所有好的中国作家都值得任何值得重复的东西 。
for whom , for whom , who has waited for eternity in a thousand years ?	对于谁来说 , 谁在数千年内等待永恒 ?
however , the injunction means it will miss out on the opportunity .	然而 , 注射意味着它会错过机会 。
these were led by arthur's halfsister , morgan , who was a witch .	这些是由阿瑟的半妹摩根领导的 , 他是一个巫师 。
under kelly , westpac merged with st . george's in 2008 .	在凯利 , 西方队在2008年与圣乔治合并 。
i ' m calling you because the boy comes from your city , said dr . haydon .	我要叫你 , 因为这个男孩来自你的城市 , 哈丹博士说 。
it was a gloomy picture , but even so we were glad to be back in formosa .	这是一幅全球的照片 , 但即使我们很高兴地回到形式上 。
though it would mean in reality we would probably look much different or not exist at all .	尽管现实意味着我们可能会看到很多不同或不存在 。
the housing cost is concerned with the vital interests of the billions of people .	房屋成本与数十亿人民的重要利益有关 。
nominations and eight marriages , has died in los angeles at age 79 .	提名和八个婚姻 , 在79岁的洛杉矶死亡 。
wild campaign charges were made against both polk and clay .	野外竞选电荷对波尔克和克莱克都作出了反对 。
and these were different from the areas activated during the initial learning of the sequence .	这些区域在序列初始学习期不同 。
a large press , inlaid with agate and lapislazuli , filled one .	一个大型的新闻 , 标志和拉皮斯拉祖利 , 填满了一个 。
iron the fly area of the pants , then the seams and hem of the first leg .	铁裤的飞行区域 , 然后第一条腿的缝纫和头盔 。
objective:to observe the action of ningxue decrease piles suppository .	目的:观察宁津津津市减少桩供应库的作用 。
breastfeeding pamphlets are available in our hospital to help you .	乳腺喂养小鼠在我们的医院帮助你 。
in order to properly handle criticism , you also need to properly handle praise .	为了正确处理批评 , 你也需要正确的处理赞扬 。
horrible . unwilling to die ! can not be married , and divorce !	可爱的 。 不愿死 ! 不能结婚 , 离婚 !
for it is just as when i feed myself – i don't expect to be rewarded .	只是当我喂养自己的时候 , 我不期待被奖励 。
poor barry stopped a packet when his car was in collision with a lorry .	穷的巴里在车上停了一包包包 , 当他与一辆洛里碰撞时 , 他的汽车就停下了 。
when someone says , " i'm a speaker , " this is generally what they mean .	有人说: " 我是一个讲话者 , " 这通常是他们的意思 。
saponification slagfly ash can be used in the high fill sections of highway .	可用于高速公路高速填充段的sapon化渣灰 。
the discovery was made by nasa's planethunting telescope kepler .	这个发现被纳萨飞机飞机望远镜kepler制作 。
his daily work is to riddle coal cinders to get out the larger pieces .	他的日常工作是骑着煤器走出更大的片子 。
an applied study of radioligand binding assay on some different receptors ;	应用不同受体对辐射与绑定分析的研究 。
it is far away in the country , but always with me , wherever i am .	它远离国家 , 但总是跟我一起 , 无论我是在哪里 。
to him , all the farewell sentiments are something one has to endure in life .	对于他来说 , 所有的疲劳情绪都是一个必须在生活中结束的东西 。
" this project was interesting for manyreasons , " says mr . rochon .	" 这个项目对许多原因有兴趣 。 " 罗克隆先生说 。
in fact , the world of friendship there are jealous , that nothing less than love .	事实上 , 朋友世界有嫉妒 , 没有什么比爱 。
the inmates burst out laughing: " where do you think you are , sweden ? "	" 你觉得你是什么 , 瑞典 ? "
neil webb got injured and i got my chance to play for england .	尼尔网络受伤 , 我有机会为英格兰踢我的机会 。
so i made some metal tips for my fingers and learned to play again .	所以我为我的手指做了一些金属尖 , 学会再次玩 。
if you can keep your cool under stressful situations , she'll notice .	如果你可以保持你在强烈的情况下的冷却 , 她会注意 。
with these sprigs just fly ahead of the other pocket bikes in the race .	随着这些喷雾刚飞过其他的口袋自行车 。
improving the water desalting efficient is also an important method to saving water .	提高水处理效率 , 也是节约水的重要方法 。
jeremy's eyes widened as he looked down at the city lights .	杰里米的眼睛在看城市灯光的时候 , 看着他的眼睛 。
we left there at 5:00pm , and we were all very happy for this excursion .	我们离开了5:00pm , 我们都很高兴这次演出 。
how you find " smart " people who know the technology and the business ?	你怎么找到 " 智慧 " 的人知道技术和业务 ?
yes , i must thank you for organizing that . i found it most interesting .	是的 , 我必须感谢你组织这一点 。 我发现它最有趣 。
the spring water is of dark green , deep and running all the year round .	春水是深绿、深、运行全年 。
this means they will also have access to compulsory education for free .	这意味着他们也可以访问自由自由的编译教育 。
to recognize the disease , the review and report are as follows .	为了认识疾病 , 审查和报告如下 。
jeanie is right . here inuit can hunt and shoottokill freely .	杰安妮是对的 。 这里可以免费打猎和拍摄 。
" i dance rather well for a cowboy , " he told her amusedly .	" 我跳得很好 , " 他告诉她说 。
meshing the research and marketing operations will be mr . furlaud's job .	将这项研究和营销运作将是弗拉德先生的工作 。
homicides are also rare , which makes new zealand a safe place to live in .	同性恋者也很稀少 , 这使新西兰安全住在 。
at citigroup , revenue fell by $28 billion , or 34% .	在citroup , 收入下跌28亿美元 , 或34% 。
could your faith remain firm and immoveable through these challenging times ?	你的信仰仍然能通过这些挑战时代移动 ?
it is no good hen that crackles in your house and lay in another's .	这是不好的亨恩 , 在你的房子里 , 还有另一个人躺在另一个房子里 。
mr . abas said the talk with powell was deep , severe and hopeful...	亚伯斯先生说 , 与波威尔的谈话深深 , 希望...
the codification of china's private law should model led on german one .	中国私法的认证应该在德国领导 。
as a writer , i make my life known and woven into the fabric of literature .	作为一位作家 , 我把我的生命和创造成文学的织物 。
before then , operating systems were handcoded in assembly and were not portable .	在此之前 , 操作系统在组装中处理并不可移植 。
at least now , you will have something to show for it . it may even end up on youtube .	至少现在 , 你会有一些东西给它展示出来 , 甚至可能结束在年轻人身上 。
getting this one in the fairway is a must to avoid the canyon left .	在公平公平的一条路上 , 必须避免峡谷左边 。
the little mermaid is one of anderson's more moving fairytales .	小梅梅德是安德森更移动公平的一员之一 。
as soon as the baby cormorant breaks the eggs , it is watched by damin himself .	就像婴儿腐败的小鸡一样 , 它被戴明自己看着 。
chinese translations shall be attached to the documents and forms done in foreign languages .	中国翻译应当附上外语文件和形式 。
navy blue is a trusted colour and gives us confidence , " lindsay said . "	" 海军蓝色是真正的色彩 , 给我们信心 。 " 林德西说 。
except it's difficult to analyze the genes of the extinct mosasaurs .	除了分析未来的莫萨斯基因的基因难以分析 。
therefore , collectivity design on the underwater ship hull cleaning robot is finished .	因此 , 完成了水下船舶清洗机器人的集体设计 。
grasp planning is the most important subject of the masterslave dexterous hand grasping .	grasp规划是主奴隶脱色手掌的最重要课题 。
using the latest technologies and procedures in manufacturing , officemanagement and design .	采用最新技术和工艺制造、办公管理和设计 。
returns the zerobased index of the item at the specified coordinates .	返回指定协调项目的零基本指标 。
he extended along to see an outside and started to grip a duck leg to bite all alone .	他沿着外面伸展 , 开始抓一只鸭腿 , 单独咬一切 。
chanel's dedication to the apparel industry will never be forgotten by people of the world .	通道对服装行业的绝望永远不会被世界人忘记 。
some discussions concerning the application and selected method of power line carrier equipment are also given .	同时给出了关于电力线载波设备的应用和选择方法 。
a soa is an enterprisescale it architecture for linking resources on demand .	soa是一个企业范围 , 它为链接资源链接 。
total firsttime enrolment of international graduate students rose 12 per cent this year .	今年国际大学毕业生总额增加了12% 。
the soviet commitment to the destruction of capitalism is not purely ritualistic and proforma .	资本主义破坏的苏联承诺并非纯粹的仪式和表现 。
the town of lunenburg just like tongli is also a world cultural heritage site .	月球城市就像舌利一样 , 也是世界文化遗产网站 。
in this paper , a kind of new catalysts for olefins hydroformylation was studied .	本文研究了一种用于氧化石的新催化剂 。
finally , the key issues for future development and solving strategies were discussed .	最后讨论未来发展与解决策略的关键问题 。
objective to study the protective effects of pts on focal cerebral ischemia in rats .	目的探讨pts对大鼠焦大脑缺血的保护作用 。
ftlauderdalesun — stark contrast to the violent and swift water of the beach .	ftlaududerdalesun-星与海滩的暴力和漂浮水相比 。
tarpaulin , can be seen everywhere in china and is said not only very unique landscape .	塔尔帕林 , 可以看到中国各地的地方 , 不仅是很独特的景观 。
a deep change is coming and it aims to transform several life phellolosophelloes .	深刻的变化是未来的 , 它旨在转换几个生命phlosophelellos 。
during the summer months , mice will generally live outside and remain contended there .	在夏季 , 小鼠一般生活在外面 , 仍然坚持在那里 。
the key to making a skidded parallel turn is the controlled sideslip .	制作滑滑滑板的关键是控制的侧滑 。
the next step is to instantiate the runtime wires that connect the components .	下一步是实现连接组件的运行时线 。
one free draft beer for purchasing draft beer at lunch time in de bistro .	一个免费的抽屉啤酒在午餐时购买抽屉啤酒 。
the judge told the prisoner the jury had acquitted him of the charge of bigamy .	法官告诉监狱长 , 陪审团获得了他的负责 。
the six u . s . schools have awarded more than 2 , 250 degrees here .	美国六所学校在这里获得了超过2 , 250学位 。
these attacks must stop and so must the smuggling of weapons into gaza .	这些攻击必须停止 , 所以必须把武器的武器吸入加沙 。
i am very satisfied , from 2001 to the present the past few years amounted to more than live .	我很满意 , 从2001年到过去几年里 , 到现在的数量超过生活 。
figure 4: mapping the various abd workflows across several projects	图4:在几个项目中映射各种abd工作流 。
the medieval worlds in its everyday transactions , had never insisted upon ready money .	中世纪世界在日常事务中都没有坚持准备金钱 。
you cannot abuse and torture people and expect to get results that are accurate and credible .	你不能滥用和扭曲人们 , 希望得到准确的结果 。
clark's sgmls is the most widelyused sgml parser in the world .	克拉克的sgml是世界上最广泛的sgml解析器 。
" look , nanny , perfume , " eleanor holds up a bottle of cologne .	" 看 , 南妮 , 香水 , " 艾丽安纳尔抱着一瓶colognne 。
have you ever tried to answer questions like these , either for yourself or for someone else ?	你曾经试图回答这些问题 , 或者你自己或其他人 ?
the catalog contains the latest releases of projects and their descriptions .	目录包含最新版本的项目及其描述 。
it sets out tax policy for the year . since 1997 there has also been a prebudget report .	自1997年以来 , 它已经设立了税务政策 。
objective to establish the qualitative identification methods of ninxin capsules .	目的建立ninxin胶囊的定性鉴定方法 。
objective: to set up the fast immune method in detecting ureaplasma urealyticum .	目的:建立快速免疫法检测尿囊尿道分析的方法 。
he al ays makes full preparations for his classes and corrects our home ork carefully .	他的艾莉斯为他的班级做完全准备并仔细修正我们的家庭轨道 。
lady gaga: for halloween i'm going to be...a little monster ! ! ! !	女士gaga:为了我要去...小怪 ! ! !
and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .	生活的生物跑回来 , 回到了一片闪烁的灯光 。
we caught up with a variety of lawyers and legal academics on the deal .	我们以各种法律学家和法律学家进行交易 。
when poissons ratio is zero , tile exact solution of displacement is obtained .	当poisson比零时 , 得到了位移的砖精确解 。
affects a maximum of 5 friendly targets and 5 enemy targets .	影响5个友好目标和5个敌人目标最大目标 。
he apparently expected to see only lattesipping , scriptwriting spectators .	他显然希望只能看到晚期的sipping、脚本写作谱 。
it's a smile , a rather dorky smile , but there's a smile .	这是一个微笑 , 一个相对多尔基的笑容 , 但是有一个微笑 。
minimizes penetration , which may help prevent burnthrough on thin materials .	最小化惩罚 , 可能有助于防止薄材料烧伤 。
the state space equation of rigidflexible coupled isolation system is established .	建立了刚性耦合隔离系统的状态空间方程 。
her louboutin ankle boots provide that highfashion edge she's become famous for .	她的路易布丁kots提供了高时尚的边缘 , 她是著名的 。
high cortisol levels can affect sleep , weight and immune resistance .	高纤维醇水平可以影响睡眠、体重和免疫抵抗 。
resultsincidence rate of psychological problems was 15 . 79% in the editors ;	结果编辑中心理问题发生率为15.79% ;
our publication house plans to publish a series of modern versions of the classics .	我们的出版社计划发布一系列现代版本 。
made out of chestnut wood , and all the blocks and cleats are made out of cherry wood .	由厨房木制成 , 所有的块和清洗都由樱桃木制成 。
his artwork has been compiled into the series collected art work of jao tsungi .	他的艺术作品已被编译成了杰森的一系列艺术作品 。
if you run into crocodiles , just kick them with your boots . you want to catch me up ?	如果你跑到crocodiles , 只要用你的靴子打击他们 , 你想抓住我吗 ?
when you’re enjoying what you do , you’re more likely to do it well and to be successful .	当你喜欢你做的时候 , 你更可能做得很好 , 成功 。
their insights were invaluable to me in putting the " how to " parts of these posts together .	他们的注意力是如何把 " 如何 " 的部分放在一起 。
this can be made a skip test to try to ping localhost if apache is in the process list .	这可以做一个skip测试 , 如果apache在过程列表中试图进行当地主机 。
tom: that is weird . if every comment was left at 2:08 , it must be a clue .	汤姆:这是怪的 。 如果每个评论都留在2:08时 , 它必须是一个关键 。
andrew feustel , an astronaut , got soap in his eye and started tearing up .	安德鲁感觉到 , 一名宇航员在眼睛里得到肥皂 , 开始泪起来 。
experimentation proved that tdd digital handset is feasible in technology .	实验证明td数字手机在技术上可行 。
we will provide you some inquiry or reference about view , food , residence during the journey .	我们将为您提供一些查询或参考视图、食品、住宅 。
enrico letta of the democratic party of the left said the violence must be deplored .	左派民主党的恩科信塔说 , 暴力必须被探索 。
joe:well , it's a ...ok . let me teach you . one plus one equals two .	乔:好吧 , 这是一个...好吧 。 让我教你 。 另一个等于两个 。
this paper makes a further development on the basis of the study made by the traditional grammarians .	本文对传统语法学家制作的研究进一步发展作了进一步的发展 。
reference:help improve . . . . therefore , it is in the basic interestes of all chinese .	参考:help改进 。 因此 , 它是中国的基本利益 。
this moment will nap , you will have a dream ; but this moment study , you will interpret a dream .	这个时刻你会有梦 , 但这时候你会解释梦 。
like i mentioned , you can also use " i want to " to ask if you may do something indirectly .	就像我提到的一样 , 你也可以使用 " 我想要 " 问你可以直接做一些事情 。
i did ask and the guy said he was neg and only ever played safe but hadnt been tested in over a year .	我问和那个男孩说 , 他刚刚刚玩过安全 , 但在一年里没有测试 。
thee guy replies , " oh , that was his mother . she wanted him tobe a doctor . " "	男孩回答说: " 哦 , 那是他的妈妈 。 她想他是一名医生 。 "
well it is a watch but it is a steampunk watch and that is what makes all the difference .	好的是一个观察 , 但它是一个蒸汽的观察 , 这就是使所有的差异 。
butterflies , flying around della , said , " can you smell the spring in the air ?	戴拉周围飞行的蝴蝶飞行 , 说: " 你能在空中闻到春天 ?
i swear to god . i'll throw you out of this house and never look at you again !	我喜欢上帝 , 我会把你扔出这个房子里 , 从不再看你 !
every time you touch your face , you're oepositing dirt and oil , which can clog pores .	每次你触摸你的脸 , 你都是睡觉污染和油 , 可以堵堵孔 。
the premium line will be designed by tara members , and include their writing and pictures .	第一行将由塔拉成员设计 , 包括他们的写作和图片 。
if an amount is not stated in the appendix to tender this sub clause shall not apply .	如果申请人申请申请的数额不应申请申请申请 。
and ebay claims it does a better job of preventing fraud than other payment services .	并且ebay声称它比其他支付服务更好的工作 。
correlation of different tnm stages in the overall correlation coefficient is0 . 569 .	不同的tnm阶段在整体相关系数的关系是0.569 。
if you give up the right , anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law .	如果你放弃正确的话 , 你说的任何东西都可以用来对你进行法律法庭 。
at the same time . the interference in the detection caused by the presence of m50 alkyl...	同时 , 由m50烷基的存在引起的测试干扰 。
may you remain strong and continue praying for us , most honoured and reverent lord .	愿你依然为我们祈祷 , 大多数荣幸的主 。
you can also design your own modules , so webmin can always be adapted to fit your needs .	你也可以设计自己的模块 , 所以webmin总是可以适应您的需要 。
the dialer makes out going phone calls on the pc with a usb phone or headset .	这位dialer在pc上打电话 , 用usb手机或头部打电话 。
we want to try to solve problems that have troubled our nations and our relationship for decades .	我们希望努力解决我们国家的问题和数十年的关系 。
there are many many ways round it , i think that at every occasion we need to look for the best fingering .	有许多方式周围 , 我觉得我们需要寻找最好的手指 。
finally , when she turned fortyfive years old , she found the courage to walk away .	最后 , 当她转了四十五岁的时候 , 她发现勇气走出去 。
there is nothing more damaging than not having a single question at the end of an interview .	在面试结束的结束时 , 没有更多的伤害 。
sundress in chiffon with adjustable shoulder straps and layered sweep .	舒适适的肩带和层状的肩部穿着舒适的裙子 。
in addition , bba could increase the expression of hsp60 at 12 h after sn lesion .	此外 , bba在sn病变后可以增加hsp60表达 。
merrie shook her head . “i don’t think they’ve figured out yet how to live . ”	" 我不认为他们还是如何生活 。 "
the second newly confirmed case was a 23yearold man from bogor , west java .	第二个新证实的案例是来自西杰瓦的23岁男子 。
single flagship product with potential integrations to other aspects of the sccm suite	单旗产品具有潜在集成等方面的scm套件的其他方面 。
i'm carl azuz , welcome to a new week of cnn student news .	我是卡尔·阿兹 , 欢迎新星期的cnn学生新闻 。
last time john flow to hong kong he was so ill he had to use the airsickness bag .	上次约翰流到香港 , 他是如此疾病 , 他必须使用空气病袋 。
when i got it out of the trash , it was covered in soggy , sticky garbage .	当我走出垃圾的时候 , 它被覆盖在鸡蛋里 , 粘着的垃圾 。
listen to the reports , know the landscape , plug your ears , and go on ahead .	听报告 , 了解土地的景观 , 插着耳朵 , 走在前面 。
lest the lord see it , and it displease him , and he turn away his wrath from him .	让耶和华看到它 , 把他放弃 , 他从他身上走出来 。
plg and antibiotic group exhibited significantly lower scores than others .	plg和抗生素组显著低于其他人 。
if they do something good , no matter how small , celebrate like they just landed on the moon !	如果他们做一些好事情 , 不管怎么小 , 就像月亮一样庆祝他们 !
idiographic type , each technical parameter , please call oremail !	图形类型 , 每个技术参数 , 请打电子邮件 !
there's someone who loves you far more than you know with a love that kee growing as days come and go .	有些人喜欢你远超过你知道的爱 , 就像日子一样生长 。
globalisation is a catchall to describe increased international trade .	全球化是描述国际贸易的捕捉者 。
use the " i'm frustrated " pattern to express yourself when you feel stifled ,	用 " 我很沮丧 " 模式表达自己时 , 感觉稳定 , 就会用自己表达自己 。
my parents speak and act like " old children " , often make people laugh .	我父母说话 , 像 " 老孩子 " 这样的行为 , 常让人们笑 。
buffalo has offered many insights into the human dance in the materials we have shared .	布法洛在我们共享的材料中提供了很多注意力 。
the u . s . emerged from the grueling 20072009 recession just over two years ago .	美国20072009年刚刚刚刚刚刚出现了两年前的衰退 。
kneed for 10 minutes and set aside in a large bowl until double in size .	膝盖10分钟 , 放在大碗里 , 直到大小两分钟 。
her children vetoed the idea , saying mr . diez just wants her money .	她的孩子把这个想法看起来 , 迪埃兹先生只是想要她的钱 。
things between us you can't hide , a stranger's hand weighs upon your mind .	我们之间的东西不能隐藏 , 一位陌生的手重在你的心里 。
however , when the snow continued to the south sala , has become a disaster .	然而 , 当雪继续到南沙拉时 , 已经成为灾难 。
here is the reddest rose in all the world . you will wear it tonight next your heart .	这里是世界上最红色的玫瑰 , 你今晚会穿上你的心 。
love is our true destiny . we do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone .	爱是我们真正的目的 。 我们不会发现自己的生活意义 。
out of his trance jim seemed quickly to wake . he enfolded his della .	他的火箭似乎很快就醒来了 。 他把他的衣服放在了下来 。
the breed is only one in a gallery of bizarre variations of the common goldfish .	种子只是一个在普通金鱼的比萨雷变化的花园里 。
ceaselessly musing , venturing , throwing , seeking the spheres to connect them .	无暇的音乐 , 冒险 , 扔出 , 寻找蜘蛛连接它们 。
how can a side , the spot asked zhu xiaoshui is a small shewolf .	如何可以一边 , 这个地方问朱小水是一个小羊毛 。
dragons are terrifying and aweinspiring as they take wing and breathe fire .	龙正在恐怖和威胁他们采取翅膀和呼吸 。
but your precious hours are probably better spent thinking about whether you like your date .	但是你珍贵的小时可能更好的花费考虑你喜欢你的日期是否喜欢 。
yet others advertise their services – known as escort services – on the internet .	然而其他人广告他们的服务 , 被称为scort服务在互联网上 。
if they add artificial intelligence , we can find out if the device is happy as a clam .	如果他们添加人工智能 , 我们就可以发现设备是否快乐的话 , 那么我们就可以找到 。
in addition , 2/84 cases could not be detected by rsca for their poor pcr results .	此外 , 2/84例患者不能被rsca检测其穷pcr结果检测 。
i'll live my life apart from you , just glimpsing you across the sky .	我会从你身边住我的生活 , 只要在天空上爬过你 。
people , but i don't know , at the same time , i think people are really interested in what they're doing .	同时我不知道 , 同时我觉得人们对他们做什么感兴趣 。
greek , made in athens , 510 – 490 bc , from vulci , italy .	希腊人在雅典制作 , 510-490bc , 意大利 。
this not only recite a long time , will be known to the " cooked " to " fine " , as i can .	这不仅恢复了一段时间 , 将被知道 " 烹饪 " 到 " 好 " 的时候 , 就像我可以 。
young plants of the wheat and the grass were the best to feed the nymphae .	小麦的年轻植物和草是最好喂养nympha 。
nowadays as more and more people study abroad , the returnees are not so popular as before .	如今 , 越来越多的人在国外学习 , 回归并不如以前那么受欢迎 。
however , eventually the crowds tire of him and he gets bored just swinging on tires .	然而 , 最终人群藏在他身上 , 他只是在轮胎上游泳 。
as we all know the opium war in 1840 china began to the modernization of humiliation .	在1840年中国所有人都知道奥运战争在1840年开始到现代化 。
jeb wilkinson: a man has only one life time . but history can remember you forever .	杰布·威尔金森:一个人只有一个生命时间 , 但历史却永远记住你 。
the heat then propels the seawater back up through the crust , where it meets colder water .	然后 , 热将海水通过水壳中反射出来 , 遇到冷水 。
david k . cohen's teaching and its predicaments takes on that paradox .	大卫k.科恩的教学和它的预测需要在那个范围内 。
in late 1970s , some npos have realized that marketing may be helpful to reach their goal .	在1970年代末期 , 一些npos认识到营销可能有助于达到他们的目标 。
crop scientist jess lowenbergdeboer says this helps local farmers relate to them .	作物科学家jesss低博德说 , 这帮助当地农民关系 。
say , " mary is my friend , and it makes me feel bad to hear you talk this way . "	说: " 玛丽是我的朋友 , 让我感觉不好听你这么说 。 "
nitrate was the mainly form of dissolved inorganic nitrogen in zhelin bay .	硝酸盐是锌湾溶解无机氮的主要形式 。
consider purchasing a hepa filter to remove the greatest amount of allergens .	考虑购买一个热过滤器去除最大的所有器 。
if you decide to have a more featurerich database later , you will have to change the code in your application .	如果你决定有更多的特征丰富的数据库后 , 你必须在应用程序中改变代码 。
one day , when they do find time to stop to smell the flowers , it might be too late .	一天 , 当他们找到时间停止闻花 , 可能太晚了 。
kra could not be applied to uncertain data directly because uncertain data has probability .	卡拉不能直接应用到不确定的数据 , 因为不确定的数据有可能性 。
please send your resumes , expected salary and photos to address by post .	请发送您的回报 , 期待薪水和照片 。
li bai said there is a place near the hot springs , is an excellent place to cultivate .	李白说在热泉附近有一个地方 , 是培养良好的地方 。
but perhaps you'd like to see it in hires on a huge screen ? maybe in 3d ?	但是可能你喜欢在大屏幕上看到它吗 ? 也许在3d里 ?
he kept his strong and vigorous mien . the water bottle in his bag wobbled .	他保持强壮壮壮壮壮壮壮壮壮 , 水瓶在他的袋子里吹出来 。
as logistics sites , cities are of higher risk of harmful biological invasion .	作为物流网站 , 城市风险较高 。
in joint offense has transitional form of crimes , also exists surplus behavior .	在联合防御中有过渡的犯罪形式 , 也存在过剩行为 。
in certain circumstances the capabilities of a human observer are limited .	在某些情况下 , 人类观察器的能力有限 。
careful examination of the orings confirmed that there was no blowby whatsoever .	仔细的检查证实 , 无论是什么 。
most of the time this will apply to cutting up visual designs or helping troubleshoot a bug .	大多数时间这将适用于切断视觉设计或帮助麻烦 。
no matter where i go , yangzhou's snacks will never leave my mind .	无论我去哪里 , 杨州的小蛇永远不会留下我的心 。
the increasing speed of internet connections is the main reason for the fastgrowth .	互联网连接的增加速度是快速增长的主要原因 。
here's hoping that more of his work gets translated into english . and soon , please !	这里希望更多的作品都会被翻译成英语 。 很快 , 请快 !
representation of cancer in the medical literature a bibliometric analysis	医学文献中癌症的表现 , 一个胆汁分析 。
the mayfly is to trout fly fishing , what the microchip is to the personal computer .	可能的飞行是向个人计算机驱动飞行钓鱼 , 微芯片是什么 。
we pissed our teacher off again today , horsing around and acting up .	今天我们的老师离开了我们的老师 , 骑着周围和行动 。
the findings of physical examination correlated with the different nerve root deficits .	与不同神经根缺损相关的物理检查结果 。
disabling , refractory knee pain that meets both of the following criteria .	残疾 , 折射膝痛 , 满足以下标准的两者 。
village environment safety is beautiful and clean , vegetation is rich !	村庄环境安全是美丽、清洁、植被丰富 !
you can air dry sports bras to prolong the life of the moisturewicking fabrics .	您可以空气干燥运动服装 , 延长水画织物的寿命 。
chill winter didn't affect the trend of outbreak of summer and fall .	冰冷冬季并没有影响夏季爆发的趋势 。
in xikang , for instance , a number of problems have cropped up in this field .	例如 , 在西康 , 许多问题已经在这个领域进行了 。
minute fragments of shoot apices are proverbially difficult to culture .	射击指标的分钟很难对文化有任何困难 。
a tipical reset technique for five transistors active pixel is proposed .	提出了一种用于五个交易器活性pixel的尖端恢复技术 。
well , the answer is simple , the answer is found using a counterexample .	嗯 , 答案简单 , 答案使用反例来找到 。
objective: nutrients in northern hibiscus syriacus are determined .	目的:确定北部hibiscusyriacus营养成分 。
burning fire dragon in huanglongxi dated back to the southern song dynasty .	黄龙西燃烧火龙回到南宋时期 。
cu sidhe are huge , dark green fay hounds from the land of ever young .	cusidhe是巨大的 , 黑色绿色的猎物从未来年轻的土地来到 。
print a machine parsable list of features the specified plugin provides .	打印一个机器可解析的特性插件列表 。
the chinese traditional culture is kind of material form of the chinese thinking , speaking and operating .	中国传统文化是中国思想、语言和操作的一种材料形式 。
the workers were frequently beaten and were forced to live in prisonlike conditions .	工人经常被迫在监狱条件下生活 。
an entrylevel position in sales . eventual goal: manager of marketing department .	销售的门级位置 。 事件目标:营销部经理 。
in the course of our trip , we have learned a great deal in all the places we visited .	在我们的旅程过程中 , 我们已经学到了我们访问的所有地方 。
oh , i went to this beautiful place in italy . it's called tuscany .	哦 , 我去意大利这美丽的地方 , 它叫做土斯坦尼 。
that he might sanctify her , cleansing her by the washing of the water in the word .	那么他也许会牺牲她 , 清理她的话里的水洗净她 。
how does ability overcome my old selfabased psychology ? very irritated !	怎样才能克服我的老自我救护心理 ? 非常激励 !
there's less than two weeks to go until the start of the shenzhen universiade .	直到深圳大学开始之前的两个星期都不到两个星期 。
rub the cream , for heating , which is more easily absorbed by the skin .	为了加热 , 这更容易被皮肤吸收 。
the hexapede staggers . it stands , its muscles spasming , then falls over .	它站立着它的音乐空间 , 然后落下来 。
to get myself to actually do , my favorite trick is the 50 minutes rule .	为了让自己实际上去做 , 我最喜欢的是50分钟的规则 。
the next step would be to add the such systems to subways in major metropolitan areas .	下一步将加入大型地区的地铁系统 。
in old china , eighty per cent of the children received no formal education .	在中国 , 8%的儿童收到了正式教育 。
my dad was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in the prime of hellos life .	我的爸爸在海洛生活的首先诊断了多个病毒 。
these projects showed the wisdom and innovativeness of the participating students .	这些项目显示了参与学生的智慧和创新 。
tour montparnasse , with 209 meters the second highest in europe , paris .	209年 , 巴黎第二个最高的巴黎 。
during the month the house was under repair , we lived with our cousins next door .	几个月 , 房子在修理之下 , 我们住在我们下门 。
the news isn't all bad , according to an accompanying editorial .	新闻并不全是坏的 , 根据一位陪伴编辑 。
an object of the present invention is to miniaturize a circuit board connector .	本发明的对象是微小化电路板连接器 。
uzma mehboob worked as a program manager when the shelter was for women .	uzmamehbob作为一个项目经理在女性时工作 。
the paper gives an introduction to the research and produce of the product of base wallpaper .	本文介绍了基壁纸的研究和生产 。
we substituted red balls for blue balls , to see if the baby could notice .	我们为蓝球替换红球 , 看婴儿是否能注意到的 。
the great will of combating the yushu earthquake continuously inspired me .	大陆将战斗uuuuuuuuuuuuuu地震不断激励我 。
this is because the outer cuticle layer of the hair fiber is broken and flaked .	这是因为头发纤维的外部皮层被破碎并且闪烁 。
compound of protease , amylase , diastatic enzyme , mannase etc .	蛋白酶、氨酸、糖尿酶、人性酶等化合物 。
has destroyed argentina's 5 " the super colors " the attack airplane .	已经摧毁了阿根廷5 " 超级颜色 " 的袭击飞机 。
stress shelter of iesn was less than that of intramedullary interlocking nail .	应力羊毛的应力小于内部的相互锁钉 。
this furnace is used at the anshan iron and steel co . as demonstration furnace .	本炉用于安山铁和钢铁 , 作为示范炉 。
china's reform on the election system of presiding judge has been implemented for 5 years .	中国对总统法官选举制度的改革实施了5年 。
feel the body relax , feel the tenseness disappear , but do not fall asleep .	感觉身体放松 , 感觉紧张消失 , 但不要睡觉 。
after about 6 months of silence , there have been some significant updates .	在大约6个月的沉默之后 , 有很大的更新 。
they at once take up their nephews' cause , free them , and kill their guards .	他们一旦拿起他们的网络的原因 , 免费他们 , 杀死他们的警卫 。
quest , question , there is no coincidence that there is an etymological link between the two .	疑问 , 两者之间有一个典型联系 。
the reason behind this is that it makes the products seem to have higher protein levels .	后面的原因是它使产品似乎具有较高的蛋白水平 。
azo is deposited by electronic beam evaporation on the k9 substrates .	azo被电子束蒸发放在k9基础上 。
a polling station is where i vote and is listed on my elector information card .	一个调查站是我投票的地方 , 我在电子信息卡上列出 。
pvc insulated and pvc sheathed fine steel wire armoured power cables .	pvc绝缘和pvc密封的精密钢电缆 。
the membrane technology has been widely used in the water treatment industry .	膜技术广泛应用于水处理工业 。
when the tank is filled , it will fill in all the gaps and pull the plastic tight .	当坦克填充时 , 它将填充所有的空间并拉紧塑料紧密 。
in the marmoset kitchen , peter prepares the monkeys' daily menu .	在马尔摩塞厨房 , 彼得准备猴子日常菜单 。
gold apt to look for in the world , human world bosom friend difficult to seek .	金apt寻找世界上 , 人类的世界主义朋友难以寻求 。
the paper also describes descaling scheme , control conditions and cleaning results .	文章还描述了防范方案、控制条件和清洗结果 。
my recommendation is to choose one of these activities , most days of the week .	我的建议是选择这些活动之一 , 大多数星期的日子 。
the theory of tidal friction is the concern of dynamic oceanography .	潮摩擦理论是动态古学的关注 。
the excited o_2 molecule oxidizes a free radical in the solvent .	激动的o2分子氧化溶剂中自由基 。
jenna: an australian accused a chinese restaurant of cooking koalas .	珍娜:澳大利亚指责一家中国餐馆烹饪卡拉斯 。
the homotopy operator of difference complex is an important result .	差异复杂的同步操作符是一个重要结果 。
well , if i had the option , i would really like to go to grad school for linguistics .	好的话 , 如果我有选项 , 我真的喜欢去语言学校 。
they found that individuals have reduced selfconcept clarity after a breakup .	他们发现 , 个人在突破后减少自我概念清晰度 。
tonight tis zhichunlu warm air of new insect sound through the green screens .	今晚组织在绿色屏幕上透过新昆虫的温暖空气 。
the rotating slip ring is insulated from the shaft by a laminated plastic bushing .	旋转滑环由一台激光塑料布置绝缘 。
while arousing more , then such as mercury xian ground , the glory yi shoot ;	随着越来越多的时候 , 就像马克里xian地面 , 荣耀的yi射击 ;
preparation of manpower , funds and materials for rescue and disaster relief ;	制备人力、资金和资金的救援和灾难救济 ;
this painting is of no use to draw the shades of images of light distribution .	这幅画没有用来绘制光分布的形象 。
the candidates will received their test report forms with one month after they finished their test .	候选人将在完成测试后接收他们的测试报告表 。
when disturbed , the fish inflates itself and becomes globular in form .	当被扰乱的时候 , 鱼通胀自己并成为形式的全球 。
content schematics show concise pictures of what makes a data structure big .	内容模式显示了如何使数据结构大 。
its nine points are numbered 100 through 900 for easy citation and reference .	它的九个点是通过900个简单的引用和参考的900个 。
i'd love to stay later , but my mom would pitch a fit i'm not home by 10 .	我喜欢稍后呆了 , 但我的妈妈会在10岁的时候打个适合我不回家 。
and when you go there , the first thing you think is " oh my god , this place is amazing . "	当你去那里的时候 , 你认为的第一件事是 " 哦 , 这个地方很惊讶 " 。
she realised then that horrific sexual violence was taking place in every village round goma .	然后她认识到 , 恐怖性暴力在每个村庄环境戈马采取地方 。
in time , maybe two weeks , you'll be ready for a sight and a target .	时候 , 也许两个星期 , 你会准备好看到目标 。
the character of dividing frequency of granite double fractal is discussed also .	同时讨论了颗粒双分形频率分布的特点 。
pro: the report based on high resolution image component would be printed in high quality .	高分辨率图像组件的报告将在高质量上印刷 。
love does not consist in gazing at each other but looking forward together in the same direction .	爱情不符合彼此一样的方向 , 而且寻找同样的方向 。
city is a big source of geo environmental polution and its victim as well .	城市是地球环境污染和受害者的大源泉 。
so what should i do ? actually i lied , by the way , when i said the answer was over there .	所以我应该做什么 ? 实际上我住了 , 路上 , 当我说答案在那里 。
we would quickly find out that our presentation was doomed before we ever set foot into the meeting .	我们会很快发现我们的表示在我们曾经在会议之前完成 。
walnut creek is just outside oakland , loves apple products , and has great internet .	沃尔南·克里克只是在奥克兰外 , 爱苹果产品 , 而且有很大的互联网 。
they tend to forage out into the gulf , where the oil is dominating the seascape , " he says .	他说: " 他们倾向于挖掘海湾 , 那里的石油正在占领海逃 。 "
this test is interesting because stringbuffers are optimized for performing fast appends .	这个测试非常有趣 , 因为字符串缓冲区是为了执行快速申请提供优化的 。
then you can you create helpful checklists or other articles as pdfs that people can download .	然后你可以创建有益的检查列表或其他文章 , 因为人们可以下载的pdfs 。
" if you wait for things to be perfect , you're going to wait a long time .	" 如果你等待完美的事情 , 你会等待长时间 。
view the people who have access to the site you’ll be on the people . aspx page .	看看你要访问的网站的人 。 aspx页面的人 。
your eyes show sternness , but more kindness and care . thank you for me feel important .	你的眼睛显得很坚实 , 但更多的善良和关心 。 谢谢你感觉很重要 。
in some cases , yes , but the inherent skepticism lives on , experts say .	专家说 , 在某些情况下 , 是的 , 但是内在的怀疑主义生活在一起 。
1967 suharto takes over from sukarno to become president of indonesia .	1967年苏哈拉托从苏卡诺成为印尼总统 。
not only can walking fish live out of water but they can also travel short distances over land .	不仅可以走出水 , 而且他们也可以在土地旅行短距离 。
the boy dropped the apples he had stolen and cut away across the orchard .	那个男孩子把苹果扔了 , 把苹果剪掉在沙漠上 。
as a new method , ree tracer technique has been widely used in soil erosion research .	作为一种新方法 , 红外牵引器技术在土壤侵蚀研究中广泛应用 。
they also converted one species of bacterium into another through a “genome transplant” .	他们还通过 " 基因移植 " 转换了一种细菌 。
it compares well enough with my nikon 50mm f1 . 4 at max aperture .	与我的nikon50mmf1.4相比 , 我的nikon50mmf1.4相比 。
reducing the date rate by onehalf will double the duration of each symbol interval .	减少一半的日期速度将双倍的符号间隔时间 。
" then why are you crying ? " asks the bird . " you are making me wet ! "	" 那么你为什么哭 ? " 问鸟 , " 你正在让我湿了 ! "
since then 16 years , the war stretches continuously , but are relatively small .	自那时16年以来 , 战争伸展不断 , 但相对较小 。
i'm actually a little bit sad because i really like michigan state university .	我实际上有点伤心 , 因为我真的喜欢米歇根州立大学 。
the competition : “i watch all my competitors closely and with lots of respect .	竞争: " 我看到所有竞争对手密切 , 很多尊重 。 "
but dobby had to come . dobby has to protect harry potter . to warn him .	但多比要来 。 多比要保护哈利波特 。 要警告他 。
ben had it out with his roommate about coming back home so late and making a lot of noise .	本人和他的房间关于回家 , 所以晚些时候还有很多噪音 。
when the language in literature is artful , i would choose to read every word .	当文学中的语言是艺术的时候 , 我会选择阅读每个词 。
and a lawless afghanistan could again become alqaeda’s base .	一个无法法律的阿富汗再次成为基地组织的基地 。
also , all of my teammates were courteous , kind and available in the dressing room .	同时 , 我的所有队友都是勇敢的、善良和可用的衣室 。
we have to exclude certain causes , like suicide , in the case of life insurance .	我们必须排除某些原因 , 如自杀 , 在生活保险情况下 , 就像自杀 。
i love tuktuks , the motoring equivalent of putting your head in a blender .	我喜欢tuktututututututuktutuktuktuktuktuk , 等于把头放在一个混合器里 。
you can make water roll off guo's metals by tilting them less than five degrees .	你可以把水滚掉郭的金属用小于五度 。
maggie said , 'i know , but it's only a year and a half away from graduating .	马吉说 , " 我知道 , 但这只是一年半的毕业生 。
even when seeking only a casual liaison , do not go out dressed like an unmade bed .	即使只要寻找一只猫狮子时 , 不要出衣就像一个不制造的床子 。
it arrived on plastic plates with the meat dropping off the bone by the handful .	它到塑料板上 , 用肉滴下了骨头 。
botos forage among flooded trees for fish , crabs , and turtles .	植物通常用于鱼类、蟹类和龟类 。
boilers not replaced by 2030 would need to be modified to meet the new regulations .	锅炉2030年不需要修改新规定 。
our lives will be filled with joy and hope and all the blessings god wants for us .	我们的生活将充满欢乐和希望 , 祝福上帝希望我们 。
last year we had 30 mayors from the chongqing area in my city of chattanooga .	去年我们从重庆市重庆地区有30个市长 。
after all , it doesn’t matter what you have access to if you can’t read it .	毕竟 , 如果你不能阅读它 , 它不管你有什么访问 。
they are selfconfident and have strong opinions on a variety of issues .	他们是自信的 , 在各种问题上有着强烈的意见 。
designating who ihr contact points at the headquarters or the regional level ;	在总部或区域水平的ihr接触点设计谁 ;
i think we're in for a longer trend of either malaise or just a down channel .	我觉得我们在一个更长的马来斯或只是一个下渠道 。
but the effect is too unspecific and will rarely lead to clearance and seroconversion .	但效果太不具体 , 很少会导致清除和分泌转换 。
needless to say it's a welcome drenching but it still isn't all that much fun .	无需说它是一个欢迎的梦想 , 但它仍然是那么有趣的 。
highback booster seat designed to fit a growing child up to 120 lbs .	高backbooster设计适合一个生长的孩子到120个lbs 。
stone is a gogetter . he'll make an excellent student body president .	石头是一个目标者 , 他将使一个优秀的学生体育总统 。
the cause of corrosion and elimination method of 188 stainless steel are discussed .	讨论了1888无锈钢腐蚀和消除方法的原因 。
she says she's considering reopening once the residents are allowed to move back .	她说她正在考虑一旦居民被允许搬回 。
so dust off that old diary , or open up a word document , and try it .	所以把那个旧日记丢掉 , 或者打开一句话文件 , 然后尝试它 。
proper kgm concentration can keep sphere shape and meet constant release rate .	适当的kgm浓度可以保持球形状并满足不断释放率 。
this is a story about michael berrian , a homeless man from newark , new jersey .	这是一个关于迈克尔贝利亚的故事 , 一个新泽西的无家人 。
and i will feed the flock of slaughter , even you , o poor of the flock .	而且我将喂养奴隶的块 , 甚至你 , 贫穷的群体 。
download the ps3 otheros installer from sony and save it as otheros . self .	下载ps3其他os安装器从索尼下载并节省它 。
a scan of 4337 other cases and 2077 controls yielded the same result .	其他437例其他病例扫描和2077年控制同样的结果 。
for instance , if your boss is late for your meeting , then you have more time to prepare .	例如 , 如果你的老板迟到会议 , 那么你有更多时间准备 。
the " she " serial works show the living condition of chinese women of different backgrounds .	" 她 " 系列作品展示了不同背景的中国女性生活条件 。
it mounts just behind your shower head , so you won’t even notice it’s there .	它只是在你的淋浴头后装上 , 所以你甚至不会注意它 。
if i could choose between his life and bill gate's life , it's a nobrainer .	如果我可以选择自己的生活与比尔盖特的生活之间 , 那么它是一个诺贝脑 。
cable has good earthing and bending performance and high electric insulating performance .	电缆具有良好的地球和弯曲性能和高电绝缘性能 。
paradoxically , the principle of voluntary join caused a low attendance of farmers .	一般来说 , 志愿加入的原则导致农民注意力低 。
the cross location is the uppermost location mode for the shipborne microwave oth radar .	交叉位置是船舶微波半径上部位模式 。
this indicates the general historical trend and this is what the people aspire , which nobody can defy .	这表明一般历史趋势 , 这是人们所吸引的东西 , 没有人能防御 。
i managed to persuade quite a few people to see me , and i must keep the appointments .	我经常说话很少人看见我 , 我必须保持承诺 。
the control of hydrogen sulfide using biological fixedfilm filter is an economical and effective method .	利用生物固定膜的生物硫化物控制是一种经济有效的方法 。
different strides of different personalities captured in fullbody shots while strolling in orchard road .	不同的个人在全身鞋子上捕捉的不同方式 。
for the employees and between enterprises , the enterprises should be the staff after the first win win .	对于企业和企业之间的员工来说 , 企业应该是第一赢后的员工 。
then cics eci connection factory then supplies the connection properties for the cics server .	然后cicseci连接工厂为cics服务器提供连接性能 。
bladesystem presents a hierarchical and interrelated infrastructure to the management console .	bladesystem向管理台提出了层次和相关基础设施 。
qin territory for the late warring states , qin unified china after a county in the north .	秦领土为晚战国 , 秦统一中国在北部一县后 。
virtualization gives cloud administrators the ability to handle more requests with fewer systems .	虚拟化给云管理员带来了更少的系统要求的能力 。
the answer has got to be this is what the objection says the answer has got to be , obviously not .	答案是这样的 , 这是对象所说的答案是什么 , 显然没有 。
methods the ink print of fingerprint and palmar patterns were obtained with informed consent .	方法采用信息同意获得手指印刷和手指图形印刷印刷 。
the flooding reignites one of the key debates over the construction of the three gorges dam .	洪水主义者是三峡大坝建设的关键辩论之一 。
while ea quarter of adults would prefer to live into their 90s somewhat longer than expected .	虽然ea季度成年人更喜欢生活在90岁以上的时间比预期更长 。
for this reason , we continue to remain bearish on indian equities over the intermediateterm trend .	因此 , 我们继续对印度中间政策的印度股市进行承担 。
distance two labeling ( or l—labeling ) is motivated by the channel assignment problem .	距离两个标签 ( 或l-------------------------------------------labeing
bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing , take off sugar , to take off the protein processing .	竹纤维后增长 , 取糖 , 取消蛋白处理 。
sequence analysis showed that it contained the basic characteristic of primary structure of promoter .	序列分析表明 , 它包含了促进器主要结构的基本特征 。
the synthesis of carbon nanotubes was conducted in a quartz tube furnace .	合成了石英管炉中碳纳米管的合成 。
amethyst assists in learning the frequencies necessary for the transcendence of karma .	参议员协助学习卡马的频率 。
methods the model of alcoholic hepatic disorder was established by feeding alcohol liquor .	方法采用饲料酒精液建立酒精肝病模型 。
it assures us a promising season of summer and also the most iportant havvest seasonautum .	它保证夏季的承诺季节 , 也是夏季最重要的季节 。
the chlorination equilibrium of cupric oxide has been investigated using the circulation method .	采用循环法研究了沥青氧化物的氯平衡性 。
honeypot skill is one of the active defense network security techniques .	蜂蜜点技能是主动防御网络安全技术之一 。
extensible authentication protocol can support a lot of authentication mechanisms .	可扩展认证协议可以支持许多认证机制 。
they abused their power and bullied the people , thus arousing intense discontent among the masses .	他们滥用了他们的力量 , 欺负了人民 , 因此激起群众之间的强烈不足 。
however , other file types , from psds to rtfs , are accepted and up and downloadable .	然而 , 其他文件类型从psds到rtfs , 被接受并可下载 。
qian xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who have made great contributions to the science cause .	秦雪森是最伟大的科学家之一 , 为科学造成了巨大的贡献 。
when ed finds out , sam agrees to help the fbi capture several key members of the cartel .	当爱德发现时 , 萨姆同意帮助fbi捕捉几个关键成员的卡特尔 。
he was shocked to find his 20yearold daughter wearing them after she returned home from studying in the us .	他被震惊地找到20岁的女儿在美国回家后穿着他们 。
lin came back to china in 1925 to work as principal of the beiping state vocational art school .	林回到1925年 , 作为北京国家职业艺术学校的主要工作 。
resultsthe patients were followed up for 312 months . all cases obtained satisfactory results .	结果312个月患者随访312个月 , 所有患者都满意 。
then leaning over , paderewski reached down with his left hand and began filling in a bass part .	然后 , 巴德鲁斯基与左手接到了下来 , 开始填补基本部分 。
the former operator appends to the existing file , and the latter overwrites existing content .	前面操作符适用于现有文件 , 后者重写现有内容 。
it can be obtained that quantity of the martensitic transformation reduces with the increase of these factors .	可获得数量的马氏体转换减少这些因素的增加 。
then the king called in one hundred and eighty maids of honor and ordered sun wu to train them .	然后 , 王在一百八个荣誉的女王中称之为 " 孙武 " 训练 。
fuk golden words below to apply the same process for " fu as the east china sea water " font .	福岛金字下面应用 " 福岛东海水 " 字 。
rosenberg told the brothers only that the target was a man who had been extorting and threatening him .	罗森伯格告诉弟弟只有那个目标是一个被外出威胁他的男人 。
afternoon: the queen hosts an official wedding lunch for 650 guests at the palace .	下午:皇后王后在宫内举行正式婚礼午餐 。
the real right means one right that the country and others shouldn't and have no capability to invade optionally .	真正的权利意味着国家和其他人不应该选择侵犯的权利 。
upon installation , brea will be the largest municipal user of solar power in orange county .	安装后 , brea将是橙色县最大的太阳能用户 。
as of tuesday , the volcano in iceland was still erupting , though the cloud was lower .	周二 , 冰岛火山仍在爆发 , 虽然云降低 。
helps to even out my skin tone , and hydrates the skin as i have very dry skin .	甚至帮助我的皮肤 , 水化皮肤 , 因为我很干燥的皮肤 。
convective clouds had come to an end only when the road is sadly maek maek red dust storms .	传统云来到了唯一的路上 , 就像马克红尘暴雨一样 。
sooner or later , the wave will come along and knock down what we have worked so hard to build up .	很快或者稍后 , 波浪会沿着并打击我们所工作的那么艰难建立的事情 。
a noble professional virtue is in accord with the fundamental interests of the party and the people .	根据党和人民基本利益的基本利益 。
they could also encourage their employees to donate their time to a local entrepreneurs’ club .	他们也鼓励他们的员工捐赠他们当地企业家俱乐部的时间 。
it means that the teams we are matching you against have average mmrs well under 1500 .	这意味着我们在1500年的比赛中 , 我们正在与你相匹配 。
street photographer four wonderful marketing ideas , marketing way to force invincible !	街摄影师四位美妙的营销理念 , 营销方式力求不可避免 !
expert comment: this little filly will be the star in the short , symmetrical shape .	专家评论:这小型飞行将是短期、对称形状的恒星 。
the two women leaned upon the wroughtiron window rail in the shadow of the curtains .	两个女性在曲线阴影中留下了铁窗铁路 。
indoctrination in education is the one of patterns of the great influence of education in west .	教育的产业是西方教育的伟大影响之一 。
lewis . a mars rampant with life . a watercovered venus populated with floating , living islands .	路易斯 。 一个火星随着生活 , 一个被发现的金星人口浮动、生活岛屿的人口 。
and likewise also james and john , the sons of zebedee , who were partners with simon .	同样 , 詹姆斯和约翰也是西蒙的儿子 。
kwan insisted on into the pioneer battalion , along with ellen pau kill children .	kwan坚持先驱战斗 , 沿着埃伦保鲁杀孩子 。
he's getting barraged with new scripts every month from filmmakers across asia .	他每个月都在从亚洲电影制作商中获得新的脚本 。
they carried banners advocating religious freedom and sang “we shall overcome . ”	他们携带了班牙人倡导宗教自由和唱 " 我们应该克服 " 。
was he simply obeying a sort of instinctive impulse which was obscure even to himself ?	他是否只是在自己的某种惯性冲击中 , 甚至是自我不可避免的 ?
the piezoelectricity as the function material is extensive applied in automobile .	作为功能材料广泛应用于汽车中 。
dobby is a free elf , and dobby has come to save harry potter and his friends !	多比是一个自由的福利 , 多比已经来拯救哈利波特和他的朋友 !
if encounter without , although fine but can be trapped large prey , tenacity and clinking .	如果遇到不到的话 , 虽然很好 , 但可以追踪大量的猎物 , 张力和关闭 。
we strolled through the old town and watched a very old house being demolished .	我们穿过旧镇 , 看到一个很古老的房子被拆除 。
the first thing you see when you walk in the door . our little friends are from anthropologie .	第一件事你在门前走的时候 , 我们的小朋友来自人类学 。
and while some flareups need immediate attention , your involvement isn't always required .	虽然某些平台需要立即注意 , 但你的参与并不总是需要 。
price risk arises in nontrading portfolios , as well as in trading portfolios .	价格风险在非交易组合上升 , 以及交易组合 。
this kind of instrument has many features , such as high s/n , good equability and nondeliquescence .	这种仪器具有很多特点 , 比如高s/n、良好的平等性和非分散性 。
this leads then to the account of the birth of moses , and his exposure to the nile river .	这导致了摩西出生的帐户 , 他对尼勒河的暴露 。
he hasnot claimed libya had weapons of mass destruction to be used against us .	他没有声称利比亚有武器被用来反对我们 。
subsequent investigations by japanese authorities confirmed the teacher had been taguchi .	随后日本当局的调查证实 , 老师已被塔格奇 。
you need a better productivity approach so you can collaborate with others on a common project .	你需要更好的生产性方法 , 这样你可以与其他人合作共同项目 。
the content is available for reuse in your new and existing solution information center projects .	内容可用于您新的和现有的解决信息中心项目 。
if you must have whale , cetacean biltong is more palatable than the fresh stuff .	如果你必须有鲸 , cetaceanbiltng比新鲜的东西更可爱 。
right click control the knuckle angle , left click control the slewing and topping angle .	右键单击knuckle角 , 左键单击slewing和顶角控制 。
yanzi went to the palace in a broken carriage pulled by thin and weak horses .	燕子走到宫殿里 , 穿着薄的马脉冲着 , 穿着弱的马 。
to promote local food culture , mining native dishes lay a good foundation for the essence .	为促进当地食品文化 , 矿产菜为本质提供良好的基础 。
the statistical breakdown property of a vacuum contact has been studied experimentally .	实验研究了真空接触的统计断裂性能 。
database resources can be accessed using both jdbc and recordlevel access .	可以使用jdbc和记录级访问数据库资源访问
the background , objective , challenge , and main efforts toward the research of hpcs are presented here .	介绍了hpcs的背景、目标、挑战和主要努力 。
we does the servant girl in the yard listen to your still listen to qiao jean ?	我们在院里的仆人女孩听你仍然听到qiaojean ?
and also if some of are familiar with buddha's twelve deeds , buddha's life story .	同时 , 如果有些人熟悉佛的十二个死亡 , 佛教的生命故事 。
now here's the good news we've discovered that your other leg doesn't need to be removed after all .	现在这里是我们发现你的其他腿不需要删除的好消息 。
objective to investigate the value of ct diagnosing intraluminal masses of small intestine .	目的探讨小肠ctct诊断内质量的价值 。
the doctrine of umberrimae fidei is a basic principle of marine insurance law .	数字保险法学是海洋保险法的基本原则 。
frederick lam , executive director of the hong kong trade development council , hong kong .	香港贸易开发委员会副主任fredericklam 。
this , it appears , is the legacy i have received and have now bequeathed to my own child .	这是我收到的遗产 , 现在已经给我自己的孩子了 。
the distant galaxy was detected using a phenomenon called gravitational lensing .	利用引力镜检测远镜的现象 。
in this review , the study history and the definition of starburst galaxies are introduced first .	本文首先介绍了明星星星星星系定义的研究历史和定义 。
this paper discusses how to do novelty searches on line for a phd dissertation proposal .	本文讨论了如何为一个phd分析建议进行新型搜索 。
they also say they like the design flexibility they get by eliminating the spaceconsuming spare tyre .	他们还说他们喜欢设计灵活性 , 他们可以消除空间消耗的空间轮胎 。
one of globalization's key features is the ability to handle multiple languages .	全球化的关键特征之一是处理多语言的能力 。
you harshly scold your daughter for knocking the cup over . she breaks down in tears .	你很高兴把你的女儿打开杯子 , 她在泪中突破了 。
editor's note: the original version of this story misstated dr . markel's name .	编辑者的注意:本故事的原版本错过马克尔博士的名字 。
wooden materials in various tones and factures are used as the predominant materials in the design .	木材在不同的内容和事实上被用作设计中最初的材料 。
the money collected was used to build a statue of zeus at the entrance to the stadium .	金钱收集到的是在进入体育场建立一个零星 。
he turns and scolds a group of local fighters lounging at a nearby roadblock .	他转了一群当地战斗员在路边的一群群群群群群群群 。
his roommate’s bed was tightly close to the window , while he could only lie in bed all day long .	他的房间卧床紧紧紧接近窗口 , 同时他只能躺在床上 。
the paper describes the development and tests of model cjk 200 automatic suction and discharge changer .	本文描述了cjk200自动支持和放电变换器的开发和测试 。
a lot of people also sit outdoors , enjoying the cool , breezy nighttime air .	很多人也坐在室外 , 享受凉爽的夜空 。
the curious feature of superstrings , however , is that they can only vibrate in 10 dimensions .	然而 , 超字符串的奇怪特征是 , 他们只能在10维内振动 。
i'm always confused when people rave about how much they " save " at warehouse club stores .	我总是很困惑 , 当人们在仓库俱乐部的 " 节约 " 的时候 , 人们总是很困惑 。
bill coore graduated from wake forest university in 1968 and began working for pete dye .	比尔科尔于1968年毕业于华克森林大学 , 并开始为pete染色工作 。
john menard and paul menard , father and son of menard's hardware superstores .	约翰·梅纳德和保罗曼纳德的父亲和男子的硬件超级人 。
the multistaged castle sieges and character progression are two of my favourite new additions .	多年级的铸造筛和字符进展是我最喜欢的新添加剂之一 。
we started off with a cocktail at the hotel bar , the libertine and it knocked my socks off .	我们在酒店酒店里开始了一个鸡尾酒 , 自由车和它打击了我的袜子 。
western europe's 10% jobless rate is expected to hit 12% by mid1995 .	西欧10%的无职率预计将于1995年中期达到12% 。
all of the following criteria must be met in order to have what is considered to be a durable model	所有以下标准都必须满足以下标准 , 以便有所考虑的是可持久的模型 。
and god will only prosper our study if we continually exercise ourselves to live by what we learn .	上帝只能促进我们的研究 , 如果我们继续运动自己生活在我们学习的东西 。
since 1984 , hiv infection in hong kong report has been accumulated to 4047 people .	自1984年以来 , 香港艾滋病毒感染已积累到4047人 。
and that research found individual brain cells that would respond to one accent — but not another .	此外 , 研究发现个体脑细胞会反应一个吸附的细胞 , 但不会另一个 。
proverbs 19: 29 penalties are prepared for mockers , and beatings for the backs of fools .	证明了19:29个铅笔准备为模拟器准备 , 然后打击愚蠢的背部 。
subsequently , directsequence and hybrid dsth were proposed to facilitate irma .	接下来 , 提出了直接顺序和混合dsth 。
the nobel committee described the three physicists as " masters of light " .	诺贝尔委员会描述了三名物理学家为 " 光 " 的主人 。
of course aside from those characters , alphanumerics are allowed and don't need to be encoded .	当然 , 除了这些字符外 , 字母数字都允许并不需要编码 。
and if you start feeling frisky , and you have eight of ten seconds before work , you know where to find me .	如果你开始感觉frisky , 你在工作前有八秒的时间 , 你知道哪里找到我 。
but we all know , in fact , every time timer is less than 50ms in the mind is under the precision is very poor .	事实上 , 我们都知道 , 每次的时间都低于50毫米 , 精确度很贫穷 。
the serum of immunized rabbits could suppress the hemolytic activity of tdh .	免疫兔血清可以抑制tdh血液活性 。
we have a very tightknit , super group of lads and i'm sure he'll enjoy his time here .	我们有一个非常紧密、超级小组的老板 , 我肯定他在这里享受他的时间 。
sensors are also used on the starting platforms to monitor false starts and correct relay changeovers .	传感器还用于启动平台监测虚假启动和正确的继电转换 。
heat a pan and a little olive oil , add the langoustine rolls and gently brown .	加热锅和小橄榄油 , 添加香草和轻松棕色 。
atb is widely used abroad , but seldom used at home . the study on atb has just started in our country .	ab广泛应用于国外 , 但很少在国内使用 。 关于atb的研究刚开始在我国 。
so they jazzed up the story with all of that " huff and puff and blow your house down " .	所以他们把所有 " 丈夫 " 的故事夹上来 , 把你的房子吹下来 。
ibm has more than 50 different programmes promoting worklife balance and bank of america over 30 .	ibm有超过50个不同的项目促进美国工作平衡和银行 。
but there may be problems along the way , as the us and the traditional european powerbrokers have to give way .	然而 , 随着美国和传统欧洲电力顾客的发展 , 可能有问题 。
brio reserves the right to modify this terms and conditions without any prior notice .	英国没有任何先前通知的条款 , 保留该条款和条件的权利 。
he heard the creak of greyback's boots as he crouched down in front of hermione .	他听到灰色背后的靴子突破 , 因为他在赫密尼前走下了下来 。
musing , pondering , a breath , a briny tear , a dab of liquid or soil .	音乐、池塘、呼吸、一颗新鲜的泪水 , 一个液体或土壤 。
the contributing plugin fulfills this contract by defining specific values through xml .	通过xml定义特定值来实现该合同的贡献插件 。
the government understood this as well as the parties ; the most insignificant bourgeois felt it .	政府也理解这个党 , 最重要的资产感觉它 。
among them , isochromosome imay be a characteristic of adenocarcinomas of the lung .	其中 , 染色体imay是肺的腺癌特征 。
you may opt for stones all of the same color , or add one or two offcolor stones for some punch .	你可以为石头所有的颜色打开石头 , 或者添加一个或两个超级石头 。
sure , i'd campaigned all over the country , for my husband and for other candidates .	当然 , 我在全国竞选 , 为我的丈夫和其他候选人 。
the protocols and standards for anycast are under the discussion , but have not reached a consensus .	任何预报协议和标准都在讨论下 , 但没有达成共识 。
i would be interested to hear more — what values should we prioritize in assessing censorship ?	我很感兴趣听到更多的价值应该在评估审审查中优先的价值 ?
and this party has a better than even chance of retaking at least one house of congress this november .	今年十一月 , 这个党比今年1月至少一个房子更好 。
for lan/wan connections , lower settings of audio frames per packet are recommended .	为lan/wan连接 , 建议每包的音频框架降低 。
the test results indicated that there were markedly effects of space flight , cultivar and storage time .	试验结果表明 , 空间飞行、文化和存储时间显著影响 。
these files , as we might call them , are both sweepingly inclusive and penetratingly minute .	这些文件就像我们所说的那样 , 两者都是可汗的包含和渗透的一分钟 。
what sets the onion apart , however , is that mr obama has not blunted its barbs at all .	然而 , 奥巴马先生没有把它的酒吧放在一起 。
all this is what it takes to do transactional business messaging , and this is what amqp delivers .	这是它需要做事务的消息 , 这是amqp交付的 。
the blood and sweat of the intersection , mud and fire passion , in a dripping color on .	间歇、泥火激情的血汗 , 在滴下颜色下 。
in 2010 , of spandex industry boom will continue to rise , union holdings will benefit .	2010年spandex行业的增长将继续上升 , 联合国持有利润 。
the optimized rtl is then fed to the code generator , which produces target code .	然后 , 优化的rtl将feded给代码生成器 , 它产生目标代码 。
troy dumais , an american olympian , finished third at 484 . 25 points .	特里·杜马斯 , 美国奥林匹亚奥运会 , 在484.25分结束了第三分 。
but in the case of weaver ants in africa , this description may be more than just a metaphor .	但是在非洲的重型蚂蚁的情况下 , 这种描述可能只是一个隐喻 。
you can head for the outer remote islands in bahamas if you are looking for seclusion and romance .	你可以在巴哈马寻找独立和浪漫的巴哈马岛的外面远岛屿 。
the risk detection rate in the middleaged group and the old group was higher than the young group .	中年组风险检测率高于年轻组 。
the story in the advertisement in china is neither mild nor smooth , but has some false .	中国广告的故事并不冷静 , 但有一些虚假 。
whose is that ? ah , zuhair murad . it was the very first choice . i saw it on the rack .	那么 ? 啊 , 朱哈尔·穆拉德 , 这是第一个选择 。 我看到它 。
all he can say is , this is his shirt . he holds out an arm so she can see the gaping sleeve .	所有人都可以说 , 这是他的衬衫 , 他拿出胳膊 , 所以她可以看到那个差别的袖子 。
" ) i never felt winded , but still got that great " workout sore feeling " the next day .	" 我永远不觉得风 , 但仍然有那么伟大的工作感觉 " 下一天 " 。
then he lay awake at night thinking of all the charming gallantries he might have employed ;	然后他在夜间醒来思考他可能雇佣的所有魅力的花园 。
with a little tweaking , and some helpful tips , swype can be better than what you're using .	随着少量的弱点 , 一些有用的技巧可以比你使用的东西更好 。
my journey from las vegas to iowa , at the time when i was young , childish and naive...	我从拉斯维加斯到爱荷华的旅程时候 , 我是年轻的孩子和海军...
i wish they called me that because it shows he has had success with the players he's brought in .	我希望他们叫我 , 因为它显示他和他带来的球员成功 。
one day , the heavens would part and a perfect , precious cherub would descend on a sunbeam .	一天 , 天堂会部分和完美的 , 珍贵的樱桃会在阳光下降 。
it's called a blueprint , a blueprint for reform of our financial regulation .	它被称为蓝色印刷 , 一个蓝色印刷改革我们的金融规定 。
i have a truant here . " said constable johnny . " drive him straight to school . "	约翰尼说: " 我在这里有一个真实的事情 。 " 约翰尼说 。
the battle lines of the new world order were exposed at the world trade organization this week .	新世界秩序的战线本周暴露在世界贸易组织 。
the nabe forecast appears to be in line with other u . s . economic signals .	纳贝预测出现与其他美国经济信号相关的线路 。
this article presents a model that can calculate milling forces in complex surface machining .	本文提出了一种可计算复杂表面加工中磨削力的模型 。
the part of 3th discusses the role of the theory of comparative advantage for chinese foreign trade .	第三部分讨论中国外贸理论相对优势的作用 。
all men's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone .	所有男子的导弹都不能单独坐在房间里 。
fishing is my favourite sport . i often fish for hours without catching anything .	钓鱼是我最喜欢的运动 。 我经常在没有捕捉任何东西的时候钓鱼 。
while kian had the luxury of retreating westwards , he remained committed to his iran .	虽然凯恩有退休西方的奢华 , 但他仍然承诺伊朗 。
warlords built private gardens in chinese and west styles with literatus' help .	战争者在中国和西方风格建立私人园 。
but the 32inch model we'd like to buy was temporarily out of stock . we had to wait .	但是 , 我们想买的32英寸模型是暂时出售的股票 。 我们必须等待 。
located in the west of the planned area , adjacent to the tourism zone and the downtown area .	位于规划区西部 , 邻近旅游区和乡区 。
write a docstring that explains everything someone would need to know in order to use this function .	写一篇文章 , 解释有人需要知道的东西 , 以便使用这个功能 。
and then people choose subconsciously , not consciously to ignore the research and go with her heart .	然后人们选择潜意识地选择 , 不意识地忽略研究 , 与她的心去 。
when rafik gindy graduated from high school , he knew he wanted to become an engineer .	当拉菲吉尼迪从高中毕业时 , 他知道他想成为工程师 。
today i'll drill a little hole in the tooth for pusdrainage to stop the pain .	今天我会在牙齿里钻一小洞 , 为了停止疼痛 。
that's setting emotion , efficient process , and the adams have to be selfdiscinplined .	这是设置情感、有效的过程 , 阿当斯必须自我解决 。
when winter came , the grasshopper had nothing , but the ant complained of chest pains .	当冬天到来时 , 草坪上没有什么东西 , 但是蚂蚁抱怨胸痛 。
if this emotional style applies to you , realize that lowering your standards will be a relief .	如果这种情感风格适用于你 , 意识到降低你的标准将是一个救济 。
our schoolwide academic contest will be held this saturday , 12/11/04 .	我们的学校学术竞赛将于本周六举行 , 12/1/04 。
we want peace , freedom and a stable environment for development , ” the ralliers chanted .	我们希望和平、自由和稳定的发展环境 。
mather gave his flock no fewer than four such dates , beginning with the year 1697 .	数学生给了他的浮动比这四个这样的日期更少 , 开始与1697年开始 。
government could contribute to the growth of economy , and it could holdback it meanwhile .	政府可能贡献经济的增长 , 而且它也可以保持它的同时 。
they think that there's some freudian answer to solvingthese problems , " said the asa's kline .	他们认为有一些法国人回答解决问题 , " 亚洲的k线说 。
''our research shows one potential reason why swearing developed and why it persists .	" 我们的研究表明 , 为什么开发出了一个潜在的原因 , 为什么它持续 。
energyintensive industrial cluster ; circular economy ; coordinated development ;	能源密集工业集群 ; 循环经济 ; 协调发展 ;
cao xiu donned his armor and rode into the city with 1 , 000 men to stop the enemy .	曹秀为了阻止敌人 。
this is the first time that stamps portraying chinese zodiac animals have been issued globally .	这是第一次在全球发布的中国动物的邮票 。
the children use water wings to keep themselves up in the water while they are learning to swim .	孩子们用水翅膀保持自己在水里 , 学会游泳 。
to pave and break concrete foundation installing engineering to break other hard things .	为了保护和破碎混凝土安装工程来破坏其他硬件 。
allow the baby to touch the book , chew on it , and otherwise physically touch it .	允许婴儿触摸书籍 , 咀嚼 , 否则身体触摸它 。
save time dramatically reduce the time you spend making print and contact sheet projects .	节省时间很大程度降低你花费印刷和接触表项目的时间 。
the little girl was fascinated by all the fish swimming in the aquarium tanks .	小女孩被所有的鱼游泳在水库里游泳 。
the third board to sights on the next spin , the spin attack and put shortbased .	第三个董事会在下一次旋转 , 西班牙攻击并放短 。
objective:in order to demonstrate the etiological diagnosis of acute retinal necrosis .	目的:探讨急性视网膜坏死的病理诊断 。
despondently , the husband replied: 'i missed a new job opportunity .	亲爱的是 , 丈夫回答道: " 我错过了一个新的工作机会 。
he uttered the word indifferently , and as though his mind were on something else .	他差异地说话 , 虽然他的思想在其他东西上 。
tutti executed a fabulous fake faint , swooning cartoonishly right to the floor .	切蒂执行了一个熟悉的假脂肪 , 把卡通显然右转到地板 。
" an internal sense of righteousness dwindles into an external concern for reputation "	" 内在意识到正确的dwindles成为外部关心 " 的核心 。
the people of the philipines have a great leader and must be proud of him . mr pres . duterte !	菲律宾人有很大的领导人 , 必须骄傲他 。 杜特先生 !
worldwide , $162 billion was spent in new cleantech investments in 2009 alone .	世界范围内 , 每年162亿美元在2009年独立的新清洁投资 。
anything “street” – funky clothes that are casual and sporty – works well .	任何 " 街道 " 都有趣的衣服都很好 。
it improves your dps , but the down side it , your images can't trigger any bashes .	它提高了你的dps , 但是下面的它 , 你的图片不能触发任何包 。
the timeless colouring of the tanzanite crystal makes this piece ideal for everyday wear .	坦桑花晶体的无时间色彩使得每天穿上一片理想 。
here , this is a more modern example with a little hash cafe next to it or something .	在这里 , 这是一个更现代的例子 , 接下来还是一些东西 。
jesus was born that night , and he had to sleep in a manger6 because there was no bed for him .	耶稣出生了那天晚上 , 他必须睡在一个manger6里 , 因为没有床 。
leather spirit with a mountain to explain , at the same time the old leather also orders .	皮革精神与山上解释 , 同时老皮革也秩序 。
if you can force your heart and nerve and sinew to serve your turn long after they are gone .	如果你能强迫你的心神经和神经 , 那么在他们离开之后 , 就会让你变得很长 。
from the app developers: the astro file manager helps you get the most out of your android smart phone .	从应用程序开发人员:宇航文件管理器帮助你从android智能手机中获得最多的帮助 。
the location is directly opposite shinagawa jr station , and so was easy to find .	位置直接反对shinagawajr站 , 所以很容易找到 。
m . castells , the urban question: a marxist approach , london , 1977 ;	卡斯特先生告诉 , 城市问题:马克思主义方法 , 1977年伦敦 ;
after that i kept thinking about why would someone be so unmannered instead of thinking about my games .	在那个时候 , 我想为什么有人会如此不满意思考我的游戏 。
we turned out all the cupboards and drawers and found things we hadn't seen for years .	我们把所有的杯子和抽屉都转出来 , 发现我们未见过多年的东西 。
all the things i cherished , how can they influence the people who are lying on the streets ?	所有我珍惜的东西 , 如何影响那些躺在街上的人 ?
the nbs also announced the consumer price index for may was down 1 . 4 percent year on year .	nbs还宣布 , 今年5月消费者价格指数下跌1.4% 。
the movement of the waves , of winds , of the earth is ever in the same lasting harmony .	波浪的运动 , 地球的风 , 和谐一样 。
as a working group , during the crisis , so as not to resign , notforwork , not to change jobs .	作为一个工作组 , 在危机期间 , 因此不要辞职 , 不要改变工作 。
this paper summarizes the application of proteinase inhibitor in agriculture and clinic treatment .	总结了蛋白酶抑制剂在农业和临床治疗中的应用 。
they rehearse through diligent practice and preparation ; they remain disciplined and professional .	他们通过分歧的练习和准备 , 他们仍然是学科和专业 。
since then , however , superstrings have proved a lot more complex than anyone expected .	然而 , 超字符串比任何人预期的更复杂 。
push off on your back and come up right away ! you should be spinning your arms before you get to the flags .	把你的背部推出来吧 ! 你应该在你走到旗子之前把你的胳膊放在右边 。
in addition , notetaking is more helpful in answering the general questions than the detailed ones .	此外 , 注意力更有帮助回答一般问题 。
" it was a great save , " he added , of de gea's vital stop from robin van persie .	他补充道: " 这是一个很好的节省 , " 他在罗宾范佩西的生命停止了 。
the interbank bond market stock and trading volume accounted for about 90% of the total market .	银行债券市场股票和交易量占总市场的90% 。
bin laden’s vow in the 1990’s to bankrupt the us has been partly achieved .	本·拉登在1990年代对破产的投票一部分实现 。
those giving other people of their patience and tolerance can win love and care as well as friendship of others .	那些给别人的耐心和耐耐受能赢得爱和关心别人的友谊 。
they think in the next 25to 30years , robots and humans will be able to talk .	他们想在接下来的25到30年内 , 机器人和人类将能够谈论 。
financial scams are also a threat , with senior citizens often being targeted .	金融范围也是威胁 , 高级公民通常被目标 。
later in the week , the kenyans waltzed off with gold medal in the steeplechase .	周后 , 肯尼亚人与金牌一起走出去 。
jesus raised his friend lazarus from the dead . lazarus had been dead for four days .	耶稣从死亡中提起他的朋友拉撒撒拉斯死了四天 。
there are many rays of innovation between lines in the reprot of the sixteenth congress .	十六届国会复制行之间有许多创新 。
q: did the myanmar government give china any indication that it was about to move on the kokang area ?	问:缅甸政府给予中国任何指示 , 要在康康地区移动吗 ?
third , learn english , study abroad , studies abroad , marry a foreigner .	第三 , 学英语 , 国外学习 , 国外研究 , 嫁给外国人 。
the bright meteor was spotted across the uk , leaving a vivid green trail .	明亮的气象在英国 , 留下一条绿色的道路 。
nuon chea , in his early 80s , is the group's senior surviving member .	在80年代初期 , 美国集团的高级生存成员nuonchea 。
we might tell him that what he really needs to do is just look deep within and be true to himself .	我们可能告诉他 , 他真正需要做的事情只是在自己内看 , 真正的是真正的 。
michael leechin crystal , royal ontario museum ; toronto , canada	迈克尔·李奇金晶体 , 皇家塔里奥博物馆 ; 多伦多 , 加拿大 。
however , in 1555 , her spiritual pilgrimage took a more serious turn .	然而 , 在1555年 , 她的精神刑事带来了更严重的转变 。
now we discussed her fear of death and doubts about – yet yearning for – an afterlife .	现在我们讨论她担心死亡的恐惧 , 怀疑她仍然是一年以后的生活 。
thirty minutes later , she presented simran with a cd of her first recorded song .	第三十分钟后 , 她带着她第一个记录歌的cd 。
so it was no wonder that strippy was so highstrung , lacking freedom and exercise .	所以不知道 , 打击是那么高的真实 , 缺乏自由和运动 。
scenario 2: modeling cyclic behavior focuses on the modeling of iterative behaviors .	场景2:建模循环行为集中于迭代行为建模 。
george romney , english portrait painter , died at kendal in cumbria .	乔治·罗姆尼 , 英国肖像画家乔治·罗马尼死在坎布里亚 。
i mean , we're losing our people skills because of the wonderful technology is there .	我的意思是 , 我们正在失去我们的人们技能 , 因为这里有很好的技术在那里 。
as we continue to improve , though , our techniques should become more and more transparent .	虽然我们继续提高 , 但我们的技术应该越来越透明 。
well , i got into bed again , and five minutes later there came a bang at the door .	好的 , 我再来到床上 , 五分钟后来到门上有一个泡沫 。
the sense of ownership of a poem: ask vast earth , who advocate ups and downs ?	诗的所有感觉:问大地 , 谁倡导和下降 ?
bradley was able to witness his parents' marriage at christmastime that year .	布拉德利能见到父母的婚姻 , 今年在圣诞节上见到他的父母的婚姻 。
and the only difference between this and what's written conventionally is the way the constant is labeled .	而且 , 所述的唯一差别是常规的写作方式 。
he had learned from earlier writers , like ring lardner and sherwood anderson .	他从早期作家学习过 , 像戒指lardner和sherwoodanderson 。
small instruments are inserted through the incisions to remove the tissue and adhesions .	小型仪器通过切口插入 , 以消除组织和粘附 。
physical tests , health tests , all those kind of things , like screenings , you know .	物理测试 , 健康测试 , 所有这些事情都像屏幕一样 , 你知道 。
q mr . president , tied in with the jobs situation i think is the education system .	问先生 , 我认为教育体系是教育体系 。
our club invites a great deal of famous martial names as coaches and consultants .	我们的俱乐部邀请大量著名的武术名字作为教练和咨询师 。
pants with " juicy " written across the heinie . i'm gonna wear that ?	" 陪审 " 的裤子写在海内 , 我穿那件衣服吗 ?
the chapter ended all too quickly ; war , fear and politics divided us again .	第一章结束了所有的快速 ; 战争、恐惧和政治又分裂了我们 。
it could have been corrupted because a virus was inside of it so it was making foreign proteins .	它可以被腐败 , 因为病毒在内部被腐败 , 因此它正在制作外科蛋白 。
the ointment of montmorillonite oxide fit the nation standard and is safety to human .	蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙山氧化合国家标准 , 安全人类 。
so i'm on the road a bit , and i hold meetings , sometimes at the client's place .	所以我在路上有一点 , 我有时在客户的地方举行会议 。
the author adds some new code to the basic kiva3v program and makes compilation of it .	作者对基本kiva3v程序添加了一些新的代码并使其编译成 。
if i owned only walking shoes , i wouldn’t be able to wear skirts or dresses .	如果我只有走鞋 , 我就不能穿裙子或衣服 。
he obtained , however , the recognition and approbation of the congregation of albi .	然而 , 他获得了阿尔比的认识和批准 。
discuss the effectiveness of sexual abstinence programs in the fight against stds .	讨论了对抗stds的性别不稳定程序的有效性 。
have you ever found that the corners of the square things always damage easily ?	你曾经发现广场的角落总是很容易损坏 ?
i thought of the early polar explorers as i braced myself for the walk .	我觉得早期极性探险者 , 正如我为走了自己的时候 , 我想到了自己 。
nu wa felt sorrowful at all these happenings and decided to repair the sky .	nuwa感到很抱歉 , 决定修复天空 。
concurrent chemoradio therapy might be the mainstream approach of cervical cancer .	结论化疗可能是宫颈癌的主流方法 。
family counselors remind parents not to take what a child says as the gospel truth .	家庭咨询员提醒父母不要把孩子说作福音真理 。
net . py displays the energy level of any given pattern or node array .	py显示任何给定模式或节点阵列的能量水平 。
usually , switching to the midgrade or premiumgrade gasoline will remove the knock .	通常 , 交换到中级或高级汽油将消除打击 。
but in future chips , cores’ bandwidth requirements could fluctuate wildly .	但是在未来的芯片中 , 珊瑚的带宽要求可能会变得更广泛 。
in this project , we plan to design an audiovisual aid system based on the virtual acoustics .	在这个项目中 , 我们计划设计一个基于虚拟声学的音频辅助系统 。
rice , cotton and vegetable seeds are sometimes grown in special seedbeds .	大米、棉和蔬菜有时在特殊种子中生长 。
enjoying life takes time to appreciate the natural and cultural richness around us .	享受生活的时间来欣赏我们周围的天然文化丰富 。
wakeboarding festivals and competitions have been held in singapore and hong kong .	华克板节和竞争已在新加坡和香港举行 。
the mother of one of the girls , ronnda zezula , welcomed the apology .	一个女孩的母亲 , 伦敦扎拉 , 欢迎这位论坛 。
the polish writer sought out gran , then in her late 80s , in paris in 2003 .	波兰作家于2003年晚些时候在巴黎采取了格兰 , 然后在她的80岁 。
seventeen bike , with the wind , you wore she walked through the life of flowering splendid .	十七辆自行车 , 随着风 , 你穿过春天的生活 。
where mr kirchner seemed to relish confrontation , she ran as a consensusbuilder .	柯克纳先生似乎放松对手 , 她跑成一名共识的建筑师 。
dioxins are highly poisonous to the cells of our bodies . don't freeze your .	二氧素对我们身体的细胞很有毒 。 不要冻你的 。
but i need to deal with such issues in person . my source will not be based on this grapevine manner .	但是我需要处理这样的问题 , 我的来源不会根据这个葡萄牙的方式来源 。
" well , " said the child , " she went into the church with one man and came out with another ! "	" 好吧 , " 孩子说 , " 她和一个男人走进教堂 , 又出来了 ! "
i can't do anything in america . i just don't want to have any stories written about me .	我不能在美国做任何事情 , 我只是不想写任何故事 。
here , in three installments , are overthetransom reports from people who have written in from china .	在这里 , 在三个安装中 , 是来自中国写的人们的过度报告 。
in the case presented in this article , the documentliteral with unwrapped style is a fit .	在本文提出的情况下 , 文档文件与未包装的样式是一个适合的 。
the swans rose again , hovered in a circle , awaiting the results of their labors .	天鹅再次上升 , 坐在一圈 , 等待他们的劳动结果 。
i wrote this one in the middle of recording and it really all happened by accident !	我在记录中写了这篇文章 , 真正发生了事故 !
kneed me in the chest and pounded my lower belly with their fists until i passed out .	把我绑在胸部 , 把我的下面的贝利和他们的拳子直到我走出去 。
the same is true of major quest mobs – they all appear in instanced areas of the world .	同样的真正是主流的mobs-它们都出现在世界的例子领域 。
mottaki said washington needs to " change its behavior " if it wants new relations with iran .	莫塔克尼说 , 华盛顿需要 " 改变其行为 " 如果希望与伊朗新关系 。
you could simply set width to 200 and height to 45 , and then accept the consequences .	你可以简单设置宽度200到45 , 然后接受后果 。
this is a table that can be used for working , entertaining and , well , just generally swooning over .	这是一个可以用于工作、娱乐、好的桌子 , 只是一般关闭 。
so when i move the circle it will act as a real axe . this image makes it more clear .	所以当我移动圆圈时 , 它会像真正的ax一样行动 。 这张图像使它更清晰 。
anticatholicism is very much strongly entrenched in the british sense of who they were .	抗病毒主义很强烈地在英国感受到英国的英国感觉 。
astronomers have unveiled the most complete 3d map of the local universe ever created .	天文学家已经揭示了当地宇宙最完整的3d地图 。
for any enquiries , please contact us at 2406 8050 or visit our website .	对于任何询问 , 请联系我们24068050或访问我们网站 。
it may not be as glitzy as the past one but could be better for average working men and woman .	这可能不像过去的一样 , 但可以更好地工作男性和女性 。
outbreaks in numerous other african countries are currently under investigation .	在调查中 , 其他非洲国家的爆发目前正处于调查 。
by 1920 , the rules mandating three hits per side and backrow attacks were instituted .	到1920年 , 规则管理每侧和后行攻击三个位置 。
you can only be blest and have peace and sweet rest , as you yield him your body and soul .	你只能有和平和甜蜜的休息 , 就像你把你的身体和灵魂产生 。
in this paper , a decomposability theorem is presented and proved by differentiable manifolds theories .	本文提出了一种可分解性的可分解定理 , 并证明了可分解的可分解性定理 。
they toured the forbidden city , where the chinese emperors had once lived in lofty splendor .	他们旅行了禁止的城市 , 中国皇帝曾经住在洛杉矶 。
many people on kauai believe that this is lemuria – a lost island in the atlantic .	许多人相信这是雷米利亚 , 在大西洋的失去岛屿 。
results: no toxicities , teratogenicity and mutagenicity were founded during the tests in above .	结果:在上述试验中建立无毒性、地质性和突变性 。
instead of taking days to complete , the simulated process can run in mere seconds .	相反采取日子完成 , 模拟过程可以在二秒内运行 。
performance isn't linked to pay pay is really determined by market forces and budget .	表现并不与付款相关 , 真正由市场力量和预算决定 。
" i want to keep going . at least for another decade or two , " he said with a smile .	" 我想继续走 。 至少有十年或两年的时间 , " 他笑着笑着说 。
squatting by one of the walls , i took a little book from my knapsack .	我把一本小书从knapsack中拿到了一本小书 。
abbr . wa , wash . a state of the northwest united states on the pacific ocean .	华盛 , 北美西北部的一个国家在太平洋 。
rappaccini looked surprised . " what do you mean , my daughter ? " he asked .	拉普切尼看起来很惊讶 。 " 你意思的是什么 ? " 他问道 。
however , these i don't care , only to find the drinks here no sands tastiness just .	然而 , 这些我不关心 , 只要在这里找不到沙味 。
bonera has a problem to the adductor and we hope to recover him and seedorf for next week .	骨骼有一个问题 , 我们希望在下周恢复他和种子 。
if you smell me , smell the smell of thick come really makes people want to eat one .	如果你闻我 , 闻着厚的香味真的让人们想吃一顿 。
when you are finished testing your new action , close the editor for helloapp . pli .	当你完成测试你的新行动时 , 接近helloapp.pli 。
art requires you to spend some time with it , to contemplate and think , leave and return .	艺术要求你花一些时间和它一起花费 , 为了保护和思维 , 离开和回归 。
the nonlinear kinetic characters of landslip action are complex , exoteric and dissipated .	非线性动力学特征复杂 , 外部和消散 。
book value per share was $5 . 33 , up from $5 . 28 in the prior quarter .	每股价值为5.33美元 , 上涨5.28美元 。
what are the real barriers to effective implementation and how have some organizations been able to overcome these ?	真正的障碍是有效的实现和组织如何能克服这些机构 ?
effects of broccoli with 1 mcp treatment and ma package during storage were studied .	在存储期间 , 研究了1厘米p处理和mack的broccoli效果 。
jim can't move the mouth of his mask . he doesn't have enough muscle in his lips .	吉姆不能移动他的面罩的口袋 , 他的嘴里没有足够的肌肉 。
in the front of the shaoxing work received the letter , sister szabics with myriad heart .	在沙兴工作前面接收信件 , 姐妹带着我的心脏 。
now , it turns out that that assumption , standardly built into the usual label , may be false .	现在 , 它转变出假设 , 标准建立成通常标签 , 可能是假设 。
based on this , g5 dynamic system measuring online of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基础上 , 设计了g5动态系统在线测量膜厚度的成功 。
the project also sought to store the information so that it would be available for research and medical purposes .	这个项目还需要存储信息 , 这样它可以用于研究和医疗目的 。
this paper putted forward countermeasure and suggestion through comparing domestic and foreign real estate finance .	本文通过比较国内外房地产金融 , 提出了对策和建议 。
in this paper , the work is concerned with a class of fuzzy retarded integrodifferential equations .	本文以一类模糊的综合方程关注工作 。
floodwaters are still rising after this week's heavy downpours across parts of ohio .	本周的洪水仍在上升 。
this is that little extracritical voice in our heads , externalized and projected onto others ;	这是我们头部的额外的声音 , 外化和投影到其他人身上 ;
somatic nuclear transfer in mammalian has achieved many offspring during the development in the past a few years .	过去几年来 , 哺乳动物核转移实现了很多突破 。
in a sense the price of oil is playing the role that interest rates often play when an economy overheats .	在某种意义上 , 石油价格正在扮演利率通常在经济过热时扮演的角色 。
tonnage of whiteflecked stone quarried in spain and finished in italy: 430 tons .	在意大利 , 白色的石头在西班牙 , 完成了:430吨 。
all the above motivate people , but few bosses have the ability to truly inspire their employees .	上述激励人民 , 但少数老板有真正激励员工的能力 。
fuzhou boland garments co . , ltd . is your most trusted supplier of apparel inventory .	福州波兰服装有限公司是您最信任的服装库存供应商 。
and though we have no control over genetics , there are other contributing factors that cause cellulite you can control .	虽然我们没有控制过遗传的控制 , 但是有其他的贡献因素 , 你可以控制细胞 。
so how do you create a personal brand ? cloth boy network point of view of the following points .	所以你怎么创造个人品牌 ? 衣服男孩网络观点 。
chapter 53 is regional anesthesia superior to general anesthesia for hip surgery ?	第五章53章是区域审美优于hip手术总麻醉总麻醉 ?
features 6 opening windows , a telescope and sextant as well as 3 deck lanterns !	特征6个开窗口 , 一个望远镜和性别3个decklanterns !
when i visited beijing , a student of mr . xia presented me with a photo of his teacher .	当我去北京的时候 , 一位小先生带着他的老师照片给我 。
boseeinstein condensate is that a large number of identical particles occupy the same quantum state .	波斯坦凝聚的是 , 大量相同量子状态占据同一量子状态 。
the company says having two kinds of high definition dvds on the market has led to confusion with the buying public .	该公司表示 , 在市场上有两种高定义的dvd导致购买公众混乱 。
you said that they called out to our imaginations in a way that big budget films can no longer achieve .	你说他们在一个大预算电影中称之为我们的想象 。
bruce lindsey , clinton's close friend and special assistant for personnel , supported her .	克林德西 , 克林顿的亲近朋友和特别助理人员 , 支持她 。
humans cannot hunt our kingdom as another fully conscious species without hunting yourselves ;	人类不能打猎我们的王国 , 是另一个没有打猎自己的全意识物种 ;
the act of blipping refers to the act of linking to a song and attaching a 150 character comment to it .	盲目的行为指连接到一个歌曲的行为并附上一个150个字符的评论 。
do not use in condition of pregnancy , epilepsy , cardiac , hypertension , braindamage .	不要在妊娠状态、癫痫、心脏、高血压、脑梗死情况下使用 。
the dynamical model of the system was developed , and the numerical results of the dynamical equations were obtained .	建立了系统动态模型 , 得到动态方程的数值结果 。
these will help you to progress improve technic , tone and of course embouchure , if done dilligently .	这些将帮助你进步提高技术、内容和当然的实施 , 如果不可忽略地做 。
the formulation and evaluation of a 10w/30 qe/cc grade engine oil are presented in this article .	本文介绍了10w/30eq/cc级发动机油的制定和评价 。
all of these artifacts require maintenance , have to be worked around , and scrapped if business needs change .	所有这些工具都需要维护 , 必须在周围工作 , 并且如果业务需要改变 。
no questions . caldwellhad made a living riding the consoles of the union's capsule hotels .	没有问题 。 卡德韦尔德哈德为联合国酒店组成了一个生活 。
a new thyristor mediumfrequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article .	本文介绍了一种新型的甲状中频电源供应电路 。
dr . albert schweitzer's vocation led him to set up a medical clinic in africa .	阿尔伯特·施威茨博士的职业使他在非洲建立医疗临床 。
the cells were passaged by mechanical methods , frozen and thawed by general procedure .	细胞由机械方法、冻结和整体过程传递 。
chapter four analyzes the influence of patronage on translation in the late qing dynasty .	第四章分析了晚清时期古典对翻译的影响 。
the evaporation step is followed by calcination to produce the desired nanosized structure .	随后的蒸发步骤由钙化产生的欲望纳米结构 。
common relaxation techniques include meditation , mindfulness , tai chi and yoga .	常见的放松技术包括冥想、心灵、太阳和瑜伽 。
that is a leapingoff point . you can also register a . mobi domain that is dedicated to mobile content .	这是一个跳跃点 , 你也可以注册一个.mobi域 , 这些区域是移动内容 。
the obtained cryptosystem modifies the class of mc public key cryptosystems .	获得的晶体系统修改了mc公钥晶体系统的类 。
my home country is croatia . i was born in and raised in what used to be the former yugoslavia ,	我的家乡是克罗塔亚 , 我出生在什么时候是前奥斯拉维亚 。
the present invention relates to one kind of decalcomania paper for porcelain surface decoration and its usage .	本发明涉及一种用于瓷表面装饰及其用途的十字符纸 。
in the second part , the litigation value and theory basis of discretional nonprosecution was discussed .	第二部分讨论了离散非侵犯的诉讼价值和理论基础 。
an iodinebased contrast is injected into the bloodstream and watched as it travels around .	一种基于碘的对比被注射到血流中并看作它周围的旅行 。
if you want to get rid of your old computer , options include recycling , reselling , and donating .	如果你想要把你的旧电脑里的话 , 选项包括回收、回收和捐赠 。
in this paper , the solutions of distributed index construction and distributed retrieval are also discoursed .	本文还讨论了分布指标建设和分布检索的解决方案 。
because we had this kind of antiseptic separation between suffering and nonsuffering until we are the one suffering .	由于我们有这种抗假分离 , 直到我们是一个受伤者 。
the environmental resources have rareness , should consider the environmental cost in economic development .	环境资源稀少 , 应考虑经济发展环境成本 。
all major policy changes in china have been the result of a process of trial and error on a limited scale .	中国所有主要政策变化都是有限规模的审判和错误的结果 。
he sent his sinless son to bear the full brunt of the penalty we deserved to suffer .	他派无罪的儿子去承受我们所需的罚款的全部破坏 。
our teachers encouraged us to find as many ways as possible to work out this mathematics problem . 34 .	我们的老师鼓励我们找到很多方法 , 如可能工作这个数学问题 。 34 。
so , when supply chains shriveled , entrepreneurial ohmori became a manufacturer .	所以当供应链时 , 企业家奥莫里成为制造商 。
thangkas are usually rectangular in shape , and the square ones are reserved for mandalas .	感恩卡斯通常是形状的矩形 , 而广场的平方被储备为曼拉斯 。
be that as it may, the nerve poison does its business with man far more quickly than the blood poison .	就像它可能的那样 , 神经毒素与男人更快地与血毒相比 。
the main sound box uses the edges and corners distinct rectangle design , the line succinct sprightly .	主声箱使用边缘和角角度不同的矩形设计 , 线路成功 。
webapp . net use xml to allow multipart asynchronous rendering and contnt update .	webapp.net使用xml允许多part异步渲染和对应更新 。
from time to time , " peeping " gloomy alley came from the missing job workers of drinking voice .	从时间到时候 , " 佩宁 " 全球联盟来自缺乏饮用声音的工作人员 。
patricia neal raised money for children and adults who had suffered brain injuries .	帕特利亚尼亚为患脑损伤的儿童和成年人提高了钱 。
kiting – an inexperienced player will attempt to follow a mechapede with their vehicles .	厨房-一个经验的球员会尝试跟随车辆的机会 。
timmy: but i'm 1 ) allergic to cats . keeping a cat wouldn't be fun for me .	妈妈:但我是1 ) 过敏的猫 , 保持猫不会对我很有趣 。
define templates—the rules architect defines artifacts and templates using the brm tool .	定义模板-规则架构师定义了使用brm工具的工具和模板 。
bush will more than likely wait until this month , when his secondterm officially starts , to make a move .	布什将超过可能等到本月 , 当他第二次正式开始时 , 要做动 。
for example , you can combine one feed from bugzilla and another feed from the source control management systems .	例如 , 你可以从bugzilla和另一种来源控制系统结合一个饲料 。
kolli says the drought in the horn of africa came as no surprise to meteorologists .	科里说 , 非洲的干旱并没有令人惊讶的气象学家 。
because the fire mechanism of a small cluster tear bomb is complex , there is not a set of sophisticated theories .	由于小集群岩火焰机理复杂 , 无一组复杂的理论 。
multicore and gpu based systems are here and harnessing that power is hard with todays programming models .	多ore和gpu基于gpu的系统在这里和今天的编程模式很难和谐 。
after treatment with shen fu tang , some patients's symptoms have improved evidently .	与沈福唐治疗后 , 有些患者的症状明显改善 。
you're too much for me , ennis , you son of a whoreson bitch . i wish i knew how to quit you .	你对我来说太多 , 恩妮斯 , 你们的儿子都是整个理由的比特 。 我希望我怎么解决你 。
in addition , there is a 1015 page final term paper based on a topic of the student's choice .	此外 , 根据学生选择的主题 , 有一个1015页最终的期末论文 。
mary eventually left maimi , obtained a good education , and fostered her natural music ability .	玛丽最终离马米 , 获得了一个良好的教育 , 使她的自然音乐能力 。
anger can cause you to blame others for your problems and you may feel like getting revenge on those that have mistreated you .	愤怒可以导致你为你的问题责任别人 , 你可能会感觉到在那些失去你的那些人中获得复苏 。
the judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over katherine jackson's objection .	法官先前表示 , 他甚至批准凯瑟琳杰克逊的对象 。
we have two major categories of products , one is file centric apps and another is database centric apps .	我们有两大类别的产品 , 一个是文件中心应用程序和另一个是数据库中心应用程序 。
teachers often told me to see the patient after the talk saying that a lot of reason all i have been heeded .	老师经常告诉我在谈话之后看病人说 , 很多原因我曾经被过过过过过过过 。
and then there's that second , threefootlong horn on the woolly rhino: it was wide and flat .	然后有第二个 , 三英尺的马在羊毛上有三英尺的rn:它是广阔的和平面 。
yet i would rather see a young person pray prayers from the heart than the most eloquent rote prayer .	然而我宁愿看到一个年轻人祷告的祈祷比最平等的罗特祈祷者 。
“it’s an arcane means of communication , which for the most part should be abolished , ” she told me .	她告诉我: " 这是一个关于通信的arcane手段 , 对于大多数部份应该被废除 。 "
i am happy to see her play much better in hong kong ; i think she will not disappoint in the final round .	我很高兴看到她在香港玩得更好 , 我觉得她不会在最后一轮中失望 。
" being plucked from obscurity is a bit like , you know , going on a long journey , " boyle said .	男孩说: " 被困扰的是一点像 , 你知道 , 去长途旅行 。 "
'the obvious advantage of using your hands is that you always have them with you , ' says sian porter .	西安运动员说: " 很明显的用手是你总是拥有它们 。 "
he said , during a drinking session in pub , one of his staffs joked that they should put vitamin in their undies .	他说 , 在酒店的一次饮料会议中 , 他的一名员工说他们应该把维生素放在他们的星期 。
on the other hand , your weight loss is in fact a continuous function , so each piece of data should be attached .	另一方面 , 您的重量损失实际上是连续功能 , 所以每个数据都应该附加 。
no problem is permanent . storms always give way to the sun . winter always thaws into springtime .	没有问题永久 , 风暴总是给太阳带来的途径 。 冬天总是变成春天 。
the stamps depict the actress as holly golightly in the film breakfast at tiffany's .	邮票把女演员视作好莱在泰芬尼的电影早餐上突破 。
my wife went through my phone and uhm , may be calling you . so if you can , please take your name off that .	我的妻子走过我的电话和uhm , 可能叫你 。 所以如果你可以 , 请把你的名字拿出来 。
right . this is the brochure for mexico , yucatan is at the back , and this is the brochure for guatemala .	是的 。 这是墨西哥墨西哥的机会 , 尤塔坦在后面 , 这是古马拉的机会 。
our identity is tied to the value that we bring into the world and historically that value means our profession .	我们的身份被绑定到我们带入世界的价值和历史上意味着我们的专业价值 。
functionally , pump station are either gathering stations or trunk line stations , and in some cases both .	功能上 , 泵站是收集站或链路站 , 在某些情况下都是 。
experiment boldly . rip off the greats , and the goods as well . mimick and make it your own . try and err .	实验很大 , 爬出大型 , 货物也有 。 米米米克 , 试着错误 。
compared the two methods , the results of power characteristic number method are better than that of shearing force decomposition method .	比较两种方法 , 电力特征数法的结果比剪力分解法更好 。
m: well , i would not try to feed those little critters if i were you , they bite and can carry diseases .	嗯 , 如果我是你 , 我不会尝试喂养这些小批发者 , 他们会带病 。
researches on pure shear behaviors of dd3 single crystal are experimentally carried out for the first time .	第一次对dd3单晶的纯剪切行为进行了研究 。
under a series of the decoration of the clever and witty , commandos firefight , outwit the armory .	在一系列清洁和智慧的装饰下 , 命令消防 , 外出军队 。
you'll see two councilmen , a union official , a couple of offduty cops , and a judge .	你会看到两个议员 , 联合国官员 , 两个犯罪副本和法官 。
avoid alcohol and aspirin while using methotrexate and misoprostol for a medical abortion .	避免酒精和阿司匹林 , 使用甲基酸甲酸甲酯和米斯托醇用于医药吸收 。
thirdly , commercial banks should speed up disposing of nonperforming loan by various means .	第三 , 商业银行应该通过各种方式加快非绩效贷款 。
which brings us to my final piece of advice ; don’t try to extract from what doesn’t exist .	这给我们带来的最后一片建议 ; 不要从什么不存在的东西提取 。
talking about the fast charge of accumulator for the mine explosionproof electric locomotive ;	讨论了矿山爆炸电路的快速电荷 ;
some cities are studying the halfway measure of banning them from bicycle lanes while permitting them on streets .	一些城市正在研究自行车车道上的半路措施 , 同时允许他们在街上 。
li founded dayang in september 1979 with 85 employees , according to its web site .	李建立于1979年9月85名雇员 , 根据其网站建立了天ang 。
in this network the regional concept is limitlessly extended on informationization express highway .	在这个网络中 , 区域概念无限扩展在信息化公路上 。
i suggest we go to xxxx factory tomorrow morning , and go back to hangzhou from there , is that ok ?	我建议明天早上去xxxxxxx工厂 , 回到杭州 , 好吗 ?
we should learn how to face failure or misfortune bravely and generously and to try to deal with it .	我们应该学会如何面对失败或失败 , 勇敢地勇敢地处理它 。
that means big birds have to evolve different molting patterns to deal with their slowpoke feathers .	这意味着大鸟必须进化不同的熔化模式来处理它们的缓慢羽毛 。
table iii: solubility of the drugs , polymer and filler used in the study , in water and alcohol .	表二:药物溶解性、聚合物和填充剂在水和酒精中使用 。
" so , when it comes time for dinner , " he says , " pasta sauce without added sugar tastes bland .	" 所以 , 当它来晚餐时 , " 他说 , " 没有添加糖味 。
china hp also hosts another important it event each year aimed for endusers called hp electronic world .	中国hp也每年举行另一个重要的it活动 , 旨在为hp电子世界提供最终用户 。
he knew that xinjian was considered inferior and that a better school might help her find a better life .	他知道新疆被认为是优秀的学校 , 学校可能帮助她找到更好的生活 。
this example is an ifthen rule ; therefore , you would see the if condition and its corresponding action .	这个例子是一个ifthen规则 ; 因此 , 如果条件和其相应的行动 。
they introduced bittorrent support ; browser gestures ; a nice mobile version . . .	他们介绍了目录支持 ; 浏览器姿态 ; 一个漂亮的移动版本 。
in such situations , the endpoint address used at development time is simply a placeholder , and is rarely used .	在这样的情况下 , 开发时使用的端点地址只是一个地方 , 而且很少使用 。
impressed with her abilities , vozda offered fiolla a job in corporate sector law enforcement .	与她的能力有印象 , vozda在公司法律实施中提供了一份工作 。
pincer and shock trooper ships were falling out of the sky like ducks on a bad day at the marsh .	皮克和冲击部队在马什的坏日 , 就像鸭子一样落下来 。
objective: to analyse the effects of intertrochanteric fracture with dhs internal fixation in 60 cases .	目的:分析60例内固定dhs内固定的干扰性骨折的影响 。
the measurement of vector voltage can be got from the discrete sequential data of a sampled singal .	测量矢量电压的测量可以从样本的单音的离散序列数据获得 。
lillian:what if i tell her in a very nice way and bring her a sandwich to make her happy ?	莉莉安:如果我告诉她在很漂亮的路上 , 给她带来了她的幸福吗 ?
the rockery , or peak , or shore , or mound or point to the role of the park in a certain extent .	岩石 , 或高峰 , 或是海岸 , 或者指向公园的角色一定程度上 。
you may want to say , " what do you mean by 'the self is vast' isn't that just spiritual claptrap ? "	你可能想说: " 你是什么意思是 " 自我大 " 的意思不仅仅是精神剪辑 ?
nasolabial angle only reflected change of upper lip , but could not reflect characters of facial profile .	鼻腔角只反映上唇的变化 , 但不能反映面部的特征 。
mavs coach rick carlisle said: " i'm so happy for him . i'm so happy for dirk . "	马夫斯教练里克·卡里斯勒说: " 我很高兴他 。 " 我很高兴迪克 。 "
a new orders subindex fell slightly to 52 . 5 in october from 52 . 8 in september .	9月份 , 一个新的订单子指数略低至52.5点 。
ibm filed an application for his green card for permanent residence in 2004 , and he has yet to receive it .	ibm在2004年为永久居住的绿卡申请申请 , 他还没有收到它 。
3 coal mine , the article puts forward an automatic control system of mine pump house based on plc .	本文提出了一种基于plc的自动控制系统 。
in those early days it moved men , it opened prison doors and made missionaries out of members .	在那个早期的时候 , 它打开了监狱门 , 使命从成员中出来 。
conversely , using ctrl+c and ctrl+v to build new implementations takes only seconds .	相反 , 使用ctrl+c和ctrl++v建立新的实现只需要二秒 。
the release of seawater from the rock will raise sea levels over time , but not by much , says schrag .	沙拉格说 , 从岩石中释放的海水会提高海水平 。
anyone diving from it to the pool would have to make an almost perfect dive or be splattered on the rocks .	任何人都要把它从池里挖到一个几乎完美的潜水或被喷洒在岩石上 。
the serum was transported from anchorage to nenana by train where the first musher picked up the serum .	血清由锚杆传送到尼纳那 , 第一辆穆斯勒拿上血清 。
and love happens to people of all ages , because one's internal life changes , as well as one's opportunities .	爱发生在所有年龄的人 , 因为一个内在生活变化 , 以及一个机会 。
the chief suspect in the attack was al shabaab , a u . s . designated terrorist group that u .	袭击的首席嫌疑是阿尔巴伯 , 美国指定恐怖分组 。
for you this year , cheers for you today , tomorrow for your blessing: appearance and youth beautiful mood !	今年 , 欢迎您今天的祝福 , 明天为您的祝福:出现和年轻美的情绪 !
the reason we say nondual though is because anytime you think of one , it’s always in reference to many .	虽然我们说不平等的原因是因为你想到的任何时候 , 总是参考很多 。
this year , he's getting 30 percent of his baskets off dunks , and only 68 percent are assisted .	今年 , 他已经有30%的篮子 , 只有68%的篮子被援助 。
equipment is also much more basic , involves fewer slots , and is all handled on a 3d paperdoll .	设备还很多基本 , 涉及少数槽 , 并且全部在3d纸币上处理 。
fig2 . the ring only shows up in meetings with vip clients to label its owner married and reliable...	图2.环只有与vip客户见面的会议 , 以标签自己的所有者结婚和可靠...
gas prices alone surged 3 . 3% in april , and are up 33 . 1% over the past year .	汽油价格每年4月增长3.3% , 去年上涨33.1% 。
obama stood and walked over to make small talk with pool reporters as roberts donned his black robe .	奥巴马站着 , 走过去跟波尔记者一起 , 作为罗伯特斯捐赠了他的黑色的罗伯特 。
situated at the beautiful and fertile town—ruian , which is " the motorcycle of china " .	位于美丽和肥能的俄罗斯城镇俄罗斯 , 这是中国的摩托车 。
strongly appeal on the change in the role of primary school teachers in curriculum innovation .	强烈呼吁课程创新中的主要学校教师的变化 。
the slope mine under the town was slowly filled with salt brine making the surface subside .	镇下滑坡矿缓慢填满盐刷 , 表面补充 。
ingredients :wheat germ oil , chamomile , lavender , orange blossom , rose .	成份:小麦油 , 香菇 , 橙色花 , 玫瑰 。
look at my feet , grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots .	看我的脚 , 奶冻霜决定做一双布垫靴 。
it jumped up and down disrespectfully , mocking the hunting soldiers . it threw a nut at them .	它分别跳起来跳下来 , 打猎兵 , 把它们扔在他们身上 。
of course you are bronbron , you're 19 years old . you haven't reached your prime yet .	当然你是铜铜 , 你是19岁的 , 你还没有达到你的主要 。
the methods of how to use additive reasonably and improve the quality of cathode coppers are discussed .	讨论了如何合理使用添加剂 , 提高阴极铜质量的方法 。
the machine is a set of sharpening and polishing highprecision dualfunction in one of the sharpener .	机器是一组形状的高精度双功能 。
one thing absolute monarchs don't want is they don't want impediments to their personal rule .	一件绝对的猴子不想要的事情是他们不希望自己的个人规则 。
lapd swat is very highly regarded as probably the best urban swat team in the country .	拉普德瑞典很高地被认为是全国最好的城市游泳团队 。
room 905 , jinli mansion , no . 115 beizhan road , shenhe district , shenyang .	沈阳区905间 , 金利大厦115号北山路 , 深圳区 。
our girls never second guess themselves and they don’t talk themselves out of anything .	我们的女孩从来没有第二次猜到自己 , 他们不会谈到自己的任何东西 。
methods:the serological results of measles uncertain patients of 2006 in tangshan were analyzed .	方法:分析2006年唐山2006年测量不确定性患者的临床疗效 。
trash , wooden pallets and any other flammable material must be removed from areas of hot work .	木板和其他可燃材料必须从热工作领域删除 。
does the existence of this informal relationship give you the right to stretch the rules of the work environment ?	这种正式关系的存在给你带来了工作环境的权利 ?
third , cover your tactics , psychological tactics is to protect the manipulation tool .	第三 , 覆盖你的战术 , 心理战术是保护操纵工具 。
in the third part of my paper i mainly elaborate the theory of ecosocialism and the commence on it .	第三部分阐述了生态社会主义的理论和社会主义的理论 。
in this paper , the audio file stored format and the method of restoration the audio waveform are analysed .	本文分析了音频文件存储格式及音频波形的方法 。
the material can be scorched rubber , flash overflow and unacceptable vulcanized product .	材料可分为橡胶、闪过流、不可接受的硫化产品 。
many a whale catties battle scars that were left by a squid's fierce struggles .	许多小鲸猫被一个松鼠的激烈斗争留下的小猫的伤疤 。
property damage was estimated to be between $81 and $108 billion , according to noaa .	根据诺亚说 , 财产损害估计在81美元和108亿美元之间 。
if it’s a business trip , i am clearly going to bring mostly business casual items .	如果它是一个商务旅行 , 我明显会带来大多数商务的项目 。
at last , literature were unscrambled , arranged , summarized and analyzed earnestly .	最后 , 文学文献并不满足 , 总结和分析早期 。
it hasn't been reported that the coelomic fluid of earthworm shows nuclease activity .	据报道 , 地球气体的凝胶流体显示核酶活性 。
to achieve this in the above example , you use a regular expression to perform the replacement .	为了实现上述示例 , 您使用常规表达来执行替换 。
this paper has described the application of remote sensing technology in environmental monitoring .	本文介绍了远程遥感技术在环境监测中的应用 。
simulation ceramics ashes , straight safety mini crystal ceramics glass ;	模拟陶瓷 , 直接安全微晶玻璃 ;
they take themselves seriously the appearance of other in part , with be concerned about facesaving about .	他们把自己认真的看起来是另一部分的出现 , 关心节约的面孔 。
the allergopharma allergic abstraction was used to detect the allergens with the skin prick test .	采用全goalpharma异常抽象检测皮肤冲击试验的所有原因 。
image: coral bleaching in australia’s great barrier reef/matt kiefer , flickr	图片:澳大利亚大屏障/mattkiefer的珊瑚漂亮 。
for a quick , authentic meal , try the snack stalls down one of the side streets .	为了快速 , 真正的饭 , 尝试蛇停下一条边街 。
a father , who is working hardly as an ironsmith , brings up his son under the hardship of living .	一个父亲很难工作成为铁匠 , 在生活中带着他的儿子 。
in the first chapter of the paper , a review of qsar and docking methods , progress and applications is presented .	本文第一章介绍了qsar和ocking方法、进展及应用 。
the research development in catalysts for syndiotactic polymerization of styrene is reviewed .	综述了乙烯合成聚合催化剂的研究进展 。
have you attended a hospital to receive medical treatment or been hospitalised in the past two years ?	过去两年你参加医院接受医疗治疗或医院吗 ?
abdominal tenderness is noted , and pelvic examination reveals cervical motion tenderness .	腹部紧张性被注意到 , 胸腔检查显示颈部运动紧张性 。
cats and snakes are traditionally cooked together , given the name " dragon tiger fight " .	猫和蛇是传统烹饪的 , 给了 " 龙虎战斗 " 的名字 。
the id is also refereed to the pleasure principle , which also represents selfgratification .	id也被指为快乐原则 , 同时也代表自尊化 。
banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points .	银行并不列举自己借钱 , 为印度最新的一代建设 。
this system can utilize the transmission bandwidth more efficiently and achieve frequency diversity .	该系统可以利用传输带宽更有效地实现频率多样性 。
eventually it puts forward the focus of studying vbased solid solution type hydrogen stora...	最后提出了基于v基固体溶液类型的研究焦点 。
and the largest source of funds is the sales back to subsection , and has been carried out according to plan .	最大的资金来源是根据计划进行的销售资金的回报 。
activated clay is prepared via reation of bentonite and sulfuric acid at high temperature .	通过高温催化土壤活性粘土 , 制备了高温硫酸的性能 。
does your current lease allow you to request that your tenant vacate within a certain period of time ?	你现在的租赁允许你要求你在某些时期内的蚂蚁假期吗 ?
wise investing is the surest path to financial independence and it's something everyone can work on .	智慧投资是金融独立的最终路径 , 它是每个人都可以工作的东西 。
with thoughtful service and harmonious atmosphere , the nursing home is really the home of the aged .	随着思想的服务和谐的气氛 , 护理家真的是老年的家 。
college staff bought 332 magazines , 44 fiction and 29 nonfiction books .	大学员工买了332张杂志 , 44个幻想书和29本 。
mrs . cronin: my dear , why don't you tell me what it is . i'm sure i can help you .	克朗恩先生:亲爱的 , 你为什么不告诉我这是什么 。 我肯定我能帮你 。
of course , humans could take over for the missing birds , pollinating by hand and sowing the seeds .	当然 , 人类可以采取错误的鸟类 , 通过手和排种来进行污染 。
past efforts to reach a meeting of the minds on health care reform have ended in stalemate .	过去努力达到健康护理改革的心理会已结束 。
the company has its own research and development bases , and production bases in shangdong , shanghai and shanxi province .	公司拥有自己的研究和开发基地 , 上海和山西省生产基地 。
" let's stay at one of the cheap motels on the edge of town , " kathleen suggested .	凯瑟琳建议: " 让我们住在城镇的廉价车辆之一 。 "
" so questions remain concerning both accuracy and also applicability to other solar cycles , " she said .	她说: " 因此 , 问题仍然对太阳周期的精度和适用性有关 。 "
a tall man with white hair got out . it was albert , the husband of molly's sister .	白发的一个高高高男子出来 , 是阿尔伯特 , 莫利的姐姐丈夫 。
it's pouring in thailand ! a man walks down a bangkok street in heavy rains .	在泰国 , 一个男人走下了一条巨大的雨道 。
in the 1970's , americans avoiding service in the vietnam war arrived and put down roots .	在1970年代 , 美国人避免越南战争的服务 , 放下根 。
major components: cactus extract cream , olive oil , vitamin b5 , geraniums .	主要组成部分:cactus提取液 , 橄榄油 , 维生素b5 , geranium 。
in other words , even our worst jobsearch errors are the training ground for greater success .	换句话说 , 即使我们最糟糕的工作搜索错误都是训练成功的地方 。
but of the many contrasts given here what i find mostinteresting is sorrowful yet always rejoicing .	但是 , 很多相比的是我发现最有兴趣的事情 , 却总是很抱歉 。
we are surprised to hear about the damage . the order was carefully packed at our factory before shipment .	我们很惊讶地听到损伤 , 船前的订单小心包装在我们的工厂 。
winners take chances . like everyone else , they fear failing , but they refuse to let fear control them .	赢得者采取机会 , 像其他人一样 , 他们担心失败 , 但他们拒绝恐惧控制他们 。
police officers in the city aren't being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .	警察官在城里没有充分支付 , 甚至没有足够的钱给气体 。
part 4 learn the process of writing news articles like a reporter in this free journalism training video .	第四部分学习新闻文章的过程 , 像记者在这个免费的记者训练视频 。
when there's a strong job market , organizations need to do whatever they can to attract top candidates .	当有强劲的工作市场时 , 组织需要做什么 , 不管他们可以吸引顶级候选人 。
being put in front of a client for the first time and asked to explain something was a daunting experience .	第一次在客户机前面放置 , 请求解释某些事情是一个舞蹈的经验 。
don't fall into the trap of believing that because you can't test every line of code , you must test nothing .	不要落入信仰的陷阱 , 因为你不能测试每行的代码 , 你必须测试任何东西 。
the fifth partita was " the worst bach recording i've ever made . it was also the most pianistic . "	第五部分是我曾经做过过过的最糟糕的记录 。
fire and wind raged all around , snapping juniper trees and incinerating the sagebrush .	消防和风吹全周围 , 跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳跳舞舞舞舞舞舞舞舞舞舞青年树 , 令人兴奋的形象 。
the content of this page is from the illy port or illy customs import and export company directory ;	本页面内容是illy港口或illy海关进出口公司目录 ;
i have expressed my concern through my paintings which visualising the tension between human and environment .	我通过我的绘画表达了我对人类与环境之间的张力 。
the high efficient allocation of system resource by using multithread application highly improved the system performance .	采用多线程应用高效分配系统资源高效分配 。
in britain , men are recommended not to drink more than 21 units a week and women 14 .	在英国 , 男性建议不要喝超过21个单位和14个女性 。
the time constant for pnipam in the collapsed state is nearly temperature and concentrationindependent .	崩溃状态中pnipam的时间常数几乎是温度和浓度依赖 。
the exterior joinery elements will be in thermosprayed aluminum tinted charcoal gray .	外部jinery元素将在热处理铝镀锌粉灰 。
rotating packed bed is a new highgravity gasliquid masstransfer equipment developed in 1980 .	旋转包装床是1980年开发的一种新型高重力气体质量设备 。
no matter what language i learn , i always try to look at my cup as ‘half full’ .	不管我学到什么语言 , 我总是试图看我的杯子一半 。
don’t be insulted if a cashier holds your bill up to the light to check its authenticity .	假如一名cashier保留你的账单来检查其身份 。
despite the disappointments , milner , lammie and houston argue that dec salt can succeed .	尽管失望 , 米尔纳 , 拉米斯和霍斯顿认为 , 尽管盐能成功 。
the airbus a320 was flying from moscow to geneva when the attempted hijacking occurred .	飞机车a320正在从莫斯科飞到基内瓦的时候 , 试图招聘 。
owning to the arrangement of the course , 50 students found 6 companies and cheerz company is one of them .	拥有6家公司和樱桃公司的安排 , 50名学生都是他们之一 。
since that time , mcdonald's and its franchises have remodeled 11 , 000 stores .	自那时以来 , mcdonald和它的支持已经删除了11 , 000家店 。
can the bookstores and libraries of this world stay viable and relevant in this age of edownloads ?	这个世界的书籍家和图书馆可以在这个年纪的爱德华时代保持可见性和相关性 ?
physicists could solve it for only a small number of cases , such as that of two parallel plates .	物理学家只能解决一个小的情况 , 比如两个并行板 。
this finding adds yet more confusion to determining the best strategy for women with ntse acs .	这项发现还增加了困惑 , 确定女性最好的策略 。
nor did i agree with his somewhat emotional assessment of me as a " unique moron . "	我同意他的一些情感评估我是一个 " 独特的摩龙 " 。
ehrlich’s book , the population bomb , made him the mostfamous of modern malthusians .	埃哈里奇的书 , 人口炸弹 , 使他成为现代马尔托斯人 。
for example , there are restrictions that make it all but impossible to sell f22s to japan .	例如 , 有限制使它全部不可能卖f222的日本 。
mathias is a typical midfielder with important potential which he will have to show on the pitch .	马瑟西亚是一个典型的中场老板 , 他必须展示的重要潜力 。
just last saturday we saw each other again in berlin , along with mikhail gorbachev .	上周六我们看到彼此相互的柏林 , 沿着迈克哈尔戈尔巴切夫 。
the name of this fruit , yes , this is technically a fruit , comes from nahuatl , too .	这个水果的名字 , 是的 , 这是一种水果 , 还来自纳华 。
as soon as the monkey king goes into the cave , the other animals cover the cave door with rocks .	就像猴王走进洞里的那样 , 其他动物用岩石覆盖洞门 。
its way more m2m than is necessary , but it certainly does the job of giving the best of them .	它的路比需要的更多m2mmm , 但当然是给他们最好的工作 。
founded as a furtrading post , it developed rapidly after the coming of the railroad in1881 .	在1881年铁路到达后迅速发展 。
i found the distance to our main tent hard enough going , never mind a trek to the north pole .	我找到了我们的主要帐篷的距离 , 永远不介意向北极的一条路 。
the reactions were manifested by allergic shock , purpura , urticaria and angioedema .	反应由异常冲击、紫外线、尿尿和血管瘤表现 。
there are many minor gold deposits in the periphery of huanglin anticlinal . nucleus .	黄林抗凝胶周围有许多小矿床 。
a bottomup itcentric approach focusing on discovery and characterization of existing it assets .	一个底部it中心的方法集中于发现和现有的it资产的特征 。
to be engaged in studying a role so as to be able to replace the regular performer when required .	要求在学习一个角色 , 所以可以在需要时替换常规的表演员 。
the average skews higher than the median because of a few very high incomes , deaton explained .	德拉顿解释说 , 平均骨骼比媒体的高收入更高 。
furthermore , the plugin may overwrite your changes the next time it regenerates the site .	此外 , 插件可能重新编写下次的变更 。
now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up , but we did find some interesting preliminary things .	现在我们从未完成这项研究 , 所以我们从未写过它 , 但是我们发现一些有趣的初步事情 。
it will have to fight against that , even if the new ngage delivers an excellent gaming experience .	即使新的语言交付了优秀的游戏经验 。
if you find an apartment you like , submit an application to the landlord or property manager immediately .	如果你找到你喜欢的公寓 , 立即向土地或财产经理提交应用程序 。
the date can also recruit superior nodachi units as well: attack is a date watchword !	日期也可以恢复优先的诺达奇单位:攻击是一个日期观看字 !
the single chromosome obtained in the study is rice field eel chromosome 3 ;	在研究中获得的单色染色体3 ;
hesse created minimal sculptures that retain a relationship to the organic through shape and texture .	赫斯创造了最小雕塑 , 保持有机形状和纹理的关系 。
there was no history of trauma , apart from her having undergone acupuncture several years previously .	除了前几年以前 , 还没有历史的伤亡历史 。
in addition to myers , also described by western tourists by nontibetans cruel attack .	除了神秘之外 , 也描述西方旅游者通过非tibetanscruel攻击描述 。
other countries , notably india , must calibrate their government finances even more carefully .	其他国家不可避免的印度 , 必须更仔细地准备他们的政府财政 。
production begins in the fall and the film is expected to be released in the summer of 2011 .	2011年夏天 , 生产开始于秋季 , 电影预计将在2011年夏天发布 。
boring but serious english you are the redthreadwoven ball that i have dreamed to obtain .	烦恼但严肃的英语你是我梦想的红十二球 。
the shabab now control only 40% of mogadishu proper , down from about 60% a few months ago .	沙巴现在控制只有40%的摩加德兰合适 , 从几个月前下降了60% 。
and with warm weather predicted in spain , the german said his day of karting should stand him in good stead .	随着温暖的天气预测在西班牙 , 德国人说他的日子应该站在好的稳定上 。
results: 108 canals were successfully reopened with a successful rate of 92 . 3% .	结果:108例口腔成功重建成功率92.3% 。
some complex flow characteristics such as separation , circumfluence appears around spur dikes .	一些复杂的流动特性如分离 , 环流出现周围的盘状 。
well , that was very decided indeed that does seem as if but , however , it may all come to nothing , you know .	好的 , 这确实是非常决定的 , 看起来似乎是假如 , 然而 , 它可能都是无所知的 。
van der sloot has said he left holloway on a beach near her hotel after they had kissed .	范德·斯洛斯特说他在她的酒店附近离开海滩 。
here she talks not only about real risk factors , she also rules out signs that could be misread .	这里她不仅谈到真正的危险因素 , 她也规定出错误的迹象 。
this is no more effective than prayer which when it does seem to work can be explained away as coincidence .	这并不比祈祷更有效的时候 , 似乎工作似乎可以被解释为合作 。
twopieces adjustable ladder can be designed and manufactured according to order demand .	可根据秩序需求设计可调整的两个piec可调整的梯度 。
no sign of an epic clash of the titans such as the 1980's maradona platini one .	在1980年代马拉多纳普拉蒂尼的马拉登广告中 , 没有迹象 。
ltd . dongguan branch is a good faith for the purpose of formal professional decoration company .	东莞分公司是一家正式专业装饰公司的良好信仰 。
'all of the sudden , everything i loved about the city was just so frightening to me , ' she said .	她说: " 突然 , 我喜欢这个城市的所有东西都是如此恐惧的 。 "
several theoretical examples given in the paper show that the terrain correction of the surface ...	本文给出了几种理论实例 , 证明了表面的地形修正 。
the second instance indicates the code page used at the source , which is also windows usenglish .	第二个例子显示了用来源使用的代码页 , 这也是windows使用的 。
however , the reelability has a negative relationship with the speed of heating if the set temperature is high .	然而 , 如果设定温度高时 , 可燃性具有负相关关系 。
yea , chinese history is great , and chinese food is awesome . let's enjoy our lunch man .	是的 , 中国历史很伟大 , 中国食品丰富 , 让我们享受我们的午餐男人 。
charlotte wrote as currer bell , emily as ellis bell , and anne as acton bell .	查洛特写作当前的贝尔 , 艾米莉作为欧利斯贝尔 , 安妮作为行动铃 。
i shall never forget those days when i lived in the army with the soldiershas a great effect on my life .	我永远不会忘记这些日子 , 当我住在军队里 , 士兵对我的生活有很大的影响 。
the first thing bram did upon his return was run to mo , giving her hugs and kisses .	第一件事brbram在回归的事情是跑到妈妈 , 给她的丈夫和亲吻 。
fortunately , gout is treatable , and there are ways to reduce the risk that gout will recur .	幸运的是 , 路透是可治疗的 , 减少路透的风险将恢复 。
every element has a method to return the label of its category and a method to bind the clicking action .	每个元素都有一种方法来返回其类别标签和一个方法绑定剪切行为的方法 。
england setup with a stopper and cover , this exploits the talents of terry and ferdinand .	英格兰设置了一个停车盖和盖盖 , 这个探索terry和ferdinand的才华 。
this underlines that you should use double indexes if you want semantically correct numeric comparisons .	如果你想要语义上正确的数字比较 , 你应该使用双指标 。
university of the freedom of living people to temporarily forget the past , and floated up to enjoy the present .	生活大学的自由 , 人们暂时忘记过去 , 浮动享受目前 。
tritium emits a weak form of radiation that does not travel very far in the air and cannot penetrate the skin .	触发出一种弱的辐射形式 , 不能渗透皮肤 , 不能渗透皮肤 。
finally , concrete suggestions and measures are proposed for the implementation of the group' s development strategy .	最后提出了集团开发策略实现混凝土建议和措施 。
in general and basically , i'm still one of those who are beneficial and harmless to the mankind and our society .	总体来说 , 我仍然是人类和我们社会的有益和无害的人之一 。
this erosional basin was closed and evolved into a depositional basin during middle late pleistocene .	这种腐蚀盆地闭合并进化为中晚期盆地沉积盆地 。
additionally , enthalpy and entropy both contributed to enantioseparation when mobile phase was acetonitrile .	另外 , 当移动阶段时 , 积极和熵都贡献给了抗分离 。
each change brought fresh accessories , clothing , jewelry and body colors to the new collection .	每个变化带来新鲜的配件、衣服、珠宝和身体颜色 。
while meeting financial group influence in foreign hotel to press on to the border , is because " wolf " come .	尽管会见金融集团对外国酒店的影响 , 但是因为 " 狼 " 来 。
" of the four wars in my lifetime none came about because the u . s . was too strong . " ronald reagan .	" 我生命的四个战争中没有人到来 , 因为美国太强了 。 " 罗纳德雷根 。
in september , the company slashed its sales forecast for 2010 by 25% to 600 , 000 vehicles .	9月 , 该公司推出了2010年9月的销售预计 , 达到了6000辆汽车 。
isn't that against china's principle of noninterference in the internal affairs of other countries ?	不那么对中国内部事务的原则不干扰 ?
objective:to investigate the electroneuographical characteristics in patients with guillianbarre syndrome .	目的:探讨guillianbre综合征患者电神经学特征 。
because the kidneys produce carnitine , kidney disease could lead to a deficiency of carnitine in the body .	由于肾脏产生的肾脏病 , 肾脏疾病可能导致身体缺损 。
to worship others blindly and belittle others at will are both factually the display of lack of selfconfidence .	敬拜别人 , 信仰别人 , 事实上都是缺乏自信的显示 。
he posited that animals acquired certain traits during their lifetimes because of their environment and choices .	他正在说 , 动物在生命期间获得某些特点 , 因为它们的环境和选择 。
gaps are left between the outer cylinder and the inner cylinder , and air in gaps is pumped into vacuum .	外缸与内缸之间的差距离开 , 空气被泵入真空 。
we'd like someone to design a vector illustration of this fun , cute , accessible monstertype character .	我们喜欢有人设计这个乐趣的矢量插图 , 可访问monstertype字符 。
913 and , he didn't publish anything related to the lewis structure until about 1912 or 1913 .	913和1913年 , 他没有发表任何与1912年或1913年相关的法律结构相关的事情 。
dynamic program data from backend business logic can also be placed at the specified location in the html .	后端业务逻辑的动态程序数据也可以在html指定位置放置 。
experimental results on plasma instability and potential confinement configuration in mm4u tandem mirror are presented .	介绍了mmmm4utm4u光电镜中血浆稳定性和潜在限制配置的实验结果 。
so , these onchanging properties that describe the state of the equilibrium state of the system are called state variables .	因此 , 描述系统平衡状态平衡状态的这些交换性能被称为状态变量 。
an optimal sequencing of the storage elements in the single scan chain design for testability is presented in the paper .	本文介绍了单扫描链设计中的存储元素的最佳序列 。
in this paper , macroporous resin was used to treat wastewater resulting from manufacturing sulfanilamide .	本文用宏观树脂处理废水导致硫化硫化硫 。
to be responsible for the partymasses work of administration and its directly affiliated institutions .	负责党mas的作品及其直接实施的机构 。
the gentleman was infinitely resourceful and had close contacts in the army and in political circles .	绅士无限资源丰富 , 在军队和政治界密切接触 。
a motor vehicle which reaches the standards for being discarded as unserviceable shall not run on road .	一辆汽车到达标准的车辆不可维护的路上不能运行 。
used for the treatment of acute and chronic enteritis and diarrhea caused by bacterium or fungus .	用于急性和慢性肠炎和腹泻引起的细菌或真菌的治疗 。
other agreements in 1880 and 1892 sealed the protectorate status of bahrain to the british .	1880年和1892年密封大脑保护地位 。
objective: to observe the effects of synthetical rehabilitation cure on guillainbarre syndrome .	目的:观察合成康复治疗guillainbre综合征的疗效 。
small doohickey 2: sunshine fades not more easily than be being cleaned in day of overcast and rainy .	小剂量dohicky2:阳光下降不容易被清洗 。
the four vessels were then reinforced by two type 037 antisubmarine patrol crafts .	然后通过两种类型037型抗血管工艺加强了四个船舶 。
so research and development as a new treatment for burns and wound healing of the drug become yet to resolve the issue .	因此 , 研究和开发作为一种新型烧伤和伤口愈合的治疗尚未解决这个问题 。
represent medicine: much pepsin , pancreatin , more enzymatic piece , mai feiming wait .	代表医药:很多pepsin , 胰腺素 , 更多的酶片 , 马上费用等待 。
increasing starch concentration had little influence on the gab parameters but nonetheless decreased aw .	增加淀粉浓度对垃圾参数的影响很少 , 但没有任何降低了aw 。
deputy mayor he jihua meets with principal members of kagoshima cultural exchange group .	国务院长吉华会见了康石马文化交易集团的主要成员 。
current champion ronnie o'sullivan believes ding junhui has what it takes to go all the way .	目前冠军罗尼奥·奥斯利维安相信丁俊华有什么需要去的路 。
timely deployment of work safety , strict implementation of territorial regulatory responsibility .	时间部署工作安全 , 严格实施领土监管责任 。
the public security work in poor areas will face favorable opportunities of development and confront grim challenges .	贫困地区公安工作将面临良好的发展机遇 。
today's dynamic business needs are driving it departments to implement standardsbased computing .	今天的动态业务需要驱动it部门实现基于标准的计算 。
it plans to equip other ultralight kits with electric motors ranging from 10 to 60 kilowatts .	它计划将其它超光电机设备从10到60公斤的电动机 。
mgm has now been taken over by new owners , however , and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past .	然而 , mgm现在已经被新老板采取了 , 而它的钱的困难似乎是过去的一件事 。
let us consider that we are all insane . it will explain us to teach each other . it will unriddle many riddles .	让我们想我们都是印尼人 , 它会解释我们彼此教学 。 它将不会很多骑士 。
but there are a variety of things about people who can communicate from the dead or ghosts or seances or what have you .	但是有关那些可以从死者或鬼子或事情交流的人们的各种事情 。
sift together the dry ingredients into mixing bowl . add in diced butter and knead to form dough .	sift一起把干燥成分加入混合碗中 , 添加在蝴蝶和膝盖形成足够 。
yet despite much speechifying from bankerbashing politicians , such views do not seem to have taken hold .	虽然很多人来自银行的政治家说话 , 这样的观点似乎没有采取持有 。
customers will pay 2 star prices for a 5 star offering , a value proposition unmatched in the market place .	客户将支付2颗明星价格为5星提供 , 在市场上不匹配的价值建议 。
i think the reader gets the point . at some point we're all acted like this: we've been too busy to do god's work .	我想读者得到了这个点 。 在某些时候我们都是这样的行动:我们一直忙于做上帝的工作 。
and basically everything what agassi and rios , and some other guys , what they have in life is thanks to the tennis .	而且基本上所有的事情都是和里斯一样的 , 有些其他人都感谢网球 。
in many cases they interfere with the normal economic order in our country affecting the market of many highquality goods .	在许多情况下 , 他们与我国正常经济秩序相互干涉 , 影响许多高质量的商品市场 。
tax related crimes include all kinds of offence aganist china's tax system according to chinese criminal law .	税务相关犯罪包括各种违法机构的税务制度 。
first , image capture and pantilt control are firstly achieved based on hikivision's image capture board .	首先 , 图像捕获和pantilt控制首先是基于hikivision的图像捕获板的 。
the other part may be steeped in the principles of debate , such as identifying fallacies , or understanding bias .	另一部分可能在辩论原则上稳定 , 比如识别疲劳或理解偏见原则 。
this is true whether you are doing street photography or visiting a natural or manmade site .	这是真正的 , 你是否在做街道摄影或访问自然或人造网站 。
if you can't make a lateral leap , look for ways to expand your current position in the direction of your interests .	如果你不能做外腿 , 寻找在你的利益方向扩大目前位置的方法 。
your breath will come in through the crown of your head and will fill your body in a manner you are not really accustomed to .	你的呼吸将来到你的头冠上 , 会填补你的身体 , 你真的不习惯 。
according to the variation of pressure and speed , optimize the model to reduce the pressure loss .	根据压力和速度变化 , 优化模型降低压力损失 。
it becomes a hot topic these years . the major characteristics of channel are multipath transmission and shadow effect .	这些年来 , 通道的主要特点是多路径传输和阴效应 。
" every time negotiations are underway , money always makes the decision , " pellegrino told sport . es .	" 每次谈判都是底下的 , 金钱总是让决定 , " 普莱格里诺告诉体育 。
shampoos and other products designed to open scalp pores do not stop hair loss or promote regrowth of hair .	山坡和其他产品设计的开放防止头发损失或促进头发的繁殖 。
the results from greenhouse experiment showed that the efficiency of biocontrol could arrived at 72 . 1% .	温室试验结果表明 , 生物控制效率可达72.1% 。
of course , none of us thought we'd be sitting on top of that peak in the not too distant future .	当然 , 没有人认为我们在未来的峰顶上坐在那个高峰 。
this week in our series , larry west and tony riggs describe an antiwar movement that was growing .	本周在我们系列、拉里西部和托尼·里格斯描述了抗war运动正在增长 。
even tutoring at a forprofit learning center or leading tours at a historic site required a master’s .	即使在一个前利润学习中心或领导旅游需要一个主人 。
the bct fee will be waived for all singaporeans and singapore prs above 16 years old .	bct费用将在16岁以上所有新加坡人和新加坡人士等待 。
so in this paper , the way of realization of the hl7 middleware on multiparameters monitor is intro duced .	本文介绍了hl7中间件实现的方法 。
i’m on the shit list in my platoon for quitting , and my chain of command won’t move me if i ask .	我在我的平原列表中 , 我的命令链不会移动我 。
the chongqing upt head hunting company is taken as an example to do a preliminary research in operating pattern .	重庆上海猎头公司作为运营模式的初步研究 。
the model of effect information entropy project risk analysis has its unique theory and method in solving these problems .	信息熵工程风险分析模型具有独特的理论和方法 。
the businessschool method of valuing shares is based on the discounted value of future dividend payments .	基于未来支付价值的折扣价值的商业学校方法 。
how can you say so ? without breach in continuity how can there be rebirth ? can there be renewal without death ?	你怎么说 ? 没有呼吸在持续性中如何再生 ? 可以没有死亡的再生 ?
censure: a punishment in which the mage is warned against future violations , similar to parole .	刑罚:大规模警告未来违反未来暴力的惩罚 , 类似于恐怖 。
the next section explains this cost more fully as it explores how startup costs are initially incurred .	下一节解释这个成本更充分完整 , 因为它最初是如何启动成本的 。
a scientific study of athletics is the process of cognition to reveal the essence in things and their objective laws .	运动员的科学研究是揭示事物和客观法的认知过程 。
but feiler's wife , linda , had a hunch that something was wrong: " you know as a wife , as a spouse .	但菲律师的妻子林达 , 有一个猎物是错的: " 你知道一个妻子 , 就像一个声音 。 "
in principle , each copy of the genome ; s estimated 60 , 000 genes is exactly the same .	在原理上 , 每个基因组的副本都是相同的 。
if there are no or not enough researchers looking into this subject , what should this author be entreating the government to do ?	如果没有足够的研究人员查看这个主题 , 那么该作者应该对政府做什么呢 ?
again , if you want to match either of these characters verbatim , you must use an escaping backslash .	再次 , 如果你想匹配这些字符的字符 , 你必须使用逃避背景 。
however , when using the model for the 2008 european championship , the forecast winner did not make it to the second round .	然而 , 当2008年欧洲冠军的运用模式时 , 预测赢家没有把它放到第二轮 。
with multifunctional die , the square and round hole angle steel flange can be manufactured .	随着多功能的死亡 , 平方和圆孔角钢梁可制造 。
good mind is broad , generous , and tolerant of the universe for the benefit of mankind the common people .	好心是广泛、慷慨、容忍宇宙的利益 。
here , i first of all express our most sincere congratulations to the class group achieved outstanding results and classmates !	在这里 , 我首先表达我们最诚挚的祝贺到班团体实现优秀的结果和同学 !
yalong bay center place , won a national construction " luban award " modern garden plaza .	沿湾中心赢得了一个国家建设 " luban奖 " 现代园林广场 。
for some weeks , my 26yearold son , david , had been after me to go with him to atlantic city , n .	几个星期 , 我的26岁儿子大卫一直跟他去大西洋城市 , 我的26岁的儿子大卫一起去 。
the bank had the trust of its customers and had not seen any meaningful outflow of funds , tilmant said .	这家银行有信任其客户的信任 , 并没有看到任何有意义的基金流 。
endurance swimmer diana nyad has become the first person to swim from cuba to the us without a shark cage .	保险游泳员迪安娜·尼亚德已经成为第一个人从古巴到美国没有鲨鱼笼子游泳 。
" it would be irresponsible for the president to veto this legislation , " boehner told reporters .	博纳告诉记者说: " 这次议会是不负责任的 。 "
their personal stories show the tragic reality of cancer in poor countries and its strong impact on people and their families .	他们个人故事显示贫困国家癌症的悲剧现象及其对人和家庭的强烈影响 。
after akmal shaikh , the mentally ill man , is executed tomorrow – you are on short rations for a year !	凯姆·沙克之后 , 精神病人明天执行 , 你每年都是短期的理由 !
anyone who violates the regulations or disobey theexaminer will be handled according to related regulations .	任何人违法规定或防止考试者将根据相关规定处理 。
perhaps less than a kiloton , which sounds like a lot but is actually small as nuclear devices go .	也许不到一个kiloton , 听起来像很多核设备一样小 。
at a more basic level , americans are afraid not just of dying , but of talking and thinking about death .	在更基本的基础上 , 美国人不仅害怕死亡 , 而且有关死亡的思考 。
tan later , " juying lu pen consciousness " that read: " china's great sages , no clouds change also .	谭晚些时候 , " 朱明露笔意识 " 这个阅读: " 中国伟大的年龄 , 没有云变化 。
prf global inc is a u . s . a . corporation located in huntington beach , california .	prf全球inc是加州华盛顿海滩的美国公司 。
typically , large manufacturers will have a quality system that exceeds the medical device qs regulation .	通常 , 大型制造商会拥有超过医疗设备qs规范的质量系统 。
a man who likes to moralize is usually a hypocrite , and a woman who does the same is invariably plain .	一位喜欢道德化的人通常是一个假说的男人 , 同样的女人是不可避免的 。
though none of us will individually alter the course of the universe , collectively we can do this !	虽然我们没有人会单独改变宇宙的过程 , 集体上我们可以做这个 !
" but , " he added , " through the grace of god and wisdom of our leaders , these plots were neutralized . "	" 但是 , " 他补充道 , " 通过我们领导的神和智慧 , 这些插件被中性化 。 "
a survey of arbuscular mycorrhizae of wild flowers in longtou mountain area and its application ;	龙乌山地区野生花的一项调查和应用 ;
remember , the name of god represents the god we name , and the lord god himself is this tower .	记住 , 上帝的名字代表我们所名的神 , 上帝自己是这个塔 。
to safely use wasted onebase propellant , detonation occasion of charge was judged through witness steelplate .	为了安全使用一个基于浪费的推进剂 , 通过证据钢板判断电荷的破坏情况 。
since fda began scrutinizing the drugs last march , shares of amgen have sunk 27 percent . u .	由于fda在去年3月开始突破药品 , amgen股价占美国的27% 。
this paper is a summary on the experimental investigation of almg alloys with the alloying addition of re .	本文总结了利用合金加入的almg合金合金加入的实验研究 。
this is unzipped on the broker and saved on the broker's file system according to message set .	这是根据消息集来保存的 , 并且在oker文件系统上节省的 。
the book's writer , john b . watson , urged extreme firmness in dealing with children .	这本书的作家约翰b.watson在处理孩子的极端企业 。
you shouldn’t need that many more words to explain what the picture means or why you’ve included it .	你不应该需要更多的话来解释你所包含的图片意思或为什么是什么 。
pepper , basil , oregano , turmeric , thyme , lime , onion and garlic are only a beginning .	胡椒 , 橡胶 , 橡胶 , 橡胶 , 油墨 , 石灰 , 洋葱和蒜只是开始 。
try and clear your mind before bed time and make an effort to think positive thoughts that aid sleep .	试着在床前清理你的思想 , 努力思考援助睡觉的积极思想 。
but after china joined the npt in 1992 and the nsg in 2004 , it reined in such help , at least officially .	但是在1992年加入npt和2004年nsg之后 , 至少正式帮助 , 中国加入了npt 。
haun ni asked molly , whats the matter , molly asked kim she isnt a person can love a person no longer love ?	汉妮问莫莉 , 什么事情 , 莫莉问金姆不爱一个人不再爱一个人吗 ?
the problem lies in the insufficiency and low efficiency of humancapital investment in rural areas in china .	中国农村资本投资不足低效率的问题 。
for a while , aunt fan had large breasts too—they'd open up and she'd pull stuff out .	对于一段时间来说 , 阿姨的球迷也有很大的胸部 , 她也会把东西推出来 。
most of the characters have no mouths , dot eyes , and stick limbs ; those with lips are unintelligent .	大多数字符没有嘴 , 眼睛 , 腰肢 , 嘴唇不聪明 。
grandma , tell me how you make everything so delicious ? someday i want to be the best cook there ever was , just like you .	爷爷 , 告诉我你怎么做这么美好吗 ? 有些天我想做最好的烹饪 , 就像你一样 。
romania , under its president , traian basescu , is a bastion of atlanticism in the black sea region .	罗马尼亚是黑海地区大西洋主义的基础 。
the direct link between alcohol and the liver is well understood but what about the impact of alcohol on other organs ?	酒精与肝脏直接联系是很好的理解 , 但酒精对其他器官的影响是什么 ?
but i do think it is time to reevaluate the things i do have and whether or not they add any value to my existence .	但是我认为这是时间来评估我所做的事情 , 或者不要对我的存在添加任何价值 。
the last recipe item in the list , shown in listing 5 , contains an additional html class: onlinerequired .	清单5所示的最后一个接收项目 , 包含额外的html类:在线需要 。
acronym for " thank god its almost friday " , word is only usually used on thursday .	周四 " 谢上帝 " 的周五 , 单词通常只用在周四 。
ed begely jr . , the 61yearold activist and actor , has been doing it for longer than any of them .	埃德·贝格先生 , 61岁的活动家和演员一直在做它比任何人都要长 。
i'm tough , i'm ambitious , and i know exactly what i want . if that makes a bad woman , okay .	我很艰难 , 我很尴尬 , 我知道我想要的是什么 。 如果那个坏女人 , 好的 。
we asked relationship experts what you should discuss before getting hitched . here are 13 questions they came up with .	我们问关系专家在接触之前应该讨论的事情 , 这里有13个问题 。
gady epstein , beijing bureau chief for forbes , has been covering china and asia since 2002 .	北京福布斯首席盖迪·epstein , 自2002年以来已经覆盖中国和亚洲 。
our first stop was dongcheng , the county seat of dongguan –already an emerging force in export trade .	我们的第一站是东城市东城 , 东莞县已经出口贸易的出口力量 。
we had legislation about the national health service passed 10 years ago and nothing has happened since .	我们十年前已经立法了关于国家卫生服务的立法 , 并且没有发生的事情 。
till now , the paper constructs a framework according to the model which root in theory and tested by practice .	直到现在 , 本文根据实践中根据理论和试验的模型构建了一个框架 。
the passer touches a person to let them know he needs to get through but allows his hand to linger longer than necessary .	乘客触摸一个人 , 让他们知道他需要通过 , 但是允许他的手比必要更长 。
he went to her , scolded her gently for her earlier faithlessness , and assured her that her search was over .	他去了她 , 轻轻轻地为她早期无信 , 保证她的搜索已经结束了 。
unzip sj_tomcat . zip to the root of your tomcat installation’s webapps directory .	unzipsjtomcat.zip到您的tmcat安装的webapps目录 。
the team showed only those cells with ezh2 phosphorylated by cdk1 differentiated into bone cells .	该团队只有通过cdk1分化成骨细胞的ezh2磷化的细胞 。
but the chinese does not recognize this fact , nor if he should do so would it diminish his sense of innate superiority .	但中国人不认识这种事实 , 也不如他应该做的话 , 那么它会消除自己的优势感 。
the aim of the study was to investigate the effects of plant growth regulatorliduo was on wheat yield .	研究目的是探讨植物生长调节剂对小麦产量的影响 。
whenever we forget these basic truths about gifts , it always causes trouble in the church .	每当我们忘记这些关于礼物的基本真理时 , 它总是引起教堂的麻烦 。
in order for the world to realize the coming of maitreya , a number of conditions must be fulfilled .	为了世界实现马里亚的未来 , 必须实现许多条件 。
doctor frank paul is an expert in glaciology from swiss federal institute of technology .	弗兰克保罗是瑞士联邦科技研究所的玻璃学专家 。
bud film contract and leaf long , lozenge or wedge , have notch shape a toothlike part of anything .	预算电影合同和叶长、洛杉矶或婚礼不像任何东西一样 。
perform monitoring , inspection and quality control at inhouse and subcontractor steel fabrication and welding section .	执行监测、检查和质量控制在室内和子承包机钢制造和焊接部门 。
this invention describes a hydroxylamine benzene dismutase , its coding gene and applications .	本发明描述了一种羟基胺苯分散酶、其编码基因和应用 。
close shop to try and control monetization and you can only rely on your own internal innovation machine & capital .	紧密的商店尝试和控制动力 , 你只能依靠自己内部创新机械和资本 。
it might be possible to get those same restrictedcalorie benefits from parttime dieting , the researchers said .	研究人员说 , 可能获得相同的限制性食品的利益 。
the relief effort wasn't enough to get assembly lines restarted elsewhere , however .	然而 , 救援努力不足以获得组装线的其他地方重新恢复 。
address: room 201 , 4th block , ceramics research insitrute , fengxi road , chaozhou , china .	地址:201 , 4th块 , 陶瓷研究出版社 , 丰西路 , 潮州 。
a palladium phthalocyaninepvc membrane electrode for thiocyanate ion was prepared .	制备了一种用于甲状腺离子血管膜电极 。
the stub and skeleton objects also take care of beginning and committing containermanaged transactions .	stub和keleton对象也需要关心开始和委托容器事务 。
and i will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth , blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .	我会在天上和地球、血液和火柱上看到天上和天上 , 还有烟 。
since the beginning of the new century , the beginning of the largescale introduction of this subject .	自新世纪开始以来 , 本课题的大规模引入开始 。
he founded an authentic transaction network for famous chinese modern paintings and calligraphies in 2004 .	他在2004年建立了一家著名的中国现代绘画和书法的认证交易网络 。
communication with inotify is established through a system call . the available functions are as follows	通过系统调用建立了inotify通信 , 可用函数如下 。
sleepwalking is one of the disturbances of consciousness that fall in the scope of psychopaths .	睡眠行走是心理病范围内下降的意识障碍之一 。
a: those who entered china illegally have violated china's law . they should be handled by china according to the law .	答:在非法进入中国法律的人 , 应当按法处理中国人 。
and the blood test is reliable as early as seven weeks into the pregnancy , whereas ultrasound is not .	血液测试早在妊娠七周内可靠 , 而超声不能 。
psc media also increased the amount and the caliber of blood vessel in cam model in vivo .	psc媒体也增加了cm模型血管的数量和caliber 。
now read the text , have rarely been touched , and enjoy the film , often tears in your eyes .	现在阅读文本 , 很少被触摸 , 享受电影 , 通常在眼睛里泪 。
failing that , his wife will have a sizable dossier with evidence of infidelity to confront him with .	失败的是 , 他的妻子会有一个可行的剂量 , 证据证明他与他面对 。
the key is embolic infarction is a focal change , whereas autolytic change is global and diffuse .	关键是实现的梗死是一个关键的变化 , 而自动变化是全球和扩散 。
i hope shasha's classmates or friends coming abroad can read your essays if possible .	我希望沙沙的同学或朋友在国外可以阅读你的评论 。
the catv graphical components library , which this paper introduces , is just the base of the aided software .	本文介绍了catv图形组件库 , 只是艾滋病软件的基础 。
but the milk is full of white blood cells that thicken and make the milk go bad more quickly .	但牛奶充满白细胞厚厚而且使牛奶坏得更快 。
also , cooking and edible quality were mostly determined by gca of restorers and sca of f1combinations .	同时 , 烹饪和食用质量主要由gca恢复器和f1组合所决定 。
the technique supports euclidean distance measure and lshift euclidean distance measure .	该技术支持欧盟距离测量和ls移欧盟远距离测量 。
" cerasomes were designed as a therapeutic alternative to common chemotherapeutics , " said kester .	克斯特说: " 宫颈设计为普通化疗治疗的治疗替代剂 。 "
the average price for gasoline was down 7 cents at $3 . 70 per gallon in the latest week .	汽油的平均价格下跌7美分 , 最近一周加仑每加仑的3.70美元 。
when her bitter ready to surrender , and found that all video clip in locked in the record has been force than the ;	当她准备投降机的时候 , 发现所有的视频剪辑比记录中的所有视频剪辑都要强 。
of course you can buy some unlocked phones right nowbut it's usually a niche way of operating . .	当然你可以购买一些不锁定的手机 , 但通常是一个运行的方法 。
experiments showed the effect of metal ions on the shape , size and surface structure of lipid rafts .	实验表明金属离子对脂肪植物的形状、尺寸和表面结构的影响 。
" if i started all from scratch in the united states , i would have spent much more time looking for funding , " jiang said .	" 如果我开始从美国开始 , 我会花很多时间去寻找资金 。 " 江说 。
if there is a neurological disparity between the genders , it could explain important behavioral differences .	如果患者之间有神经分歧 , 它可以解释重要行为差异 。
objective discussing the clinic application value of dry chemistry test paper method and urine deposit mirror inspecting method .	目的探讨干燥化学试验法和尿沉积镜检测方法的临床应用价值 。
resulting assumption: i am a great employee and make a significant contribution to my team	结果假设:我是一个伟大的员工 , 为我的团队做出重要贡献 。
this journal has the right to select and publish the writings and pictures published in this journal .	本记者有权选择并发表在本期刊发表的作品和图片 。
articke 12 the rate leviable on the smallscale taxpayers goo ds or taxable services shall be 6% .	第十十条小规模纳税人或税务服务的可行性 。
the motor function in the two groups was markedly improved after treatment , especially in treatment group .	两组电机功能明显提高治疗后 , 尤其是治疗组 。
droughts spread through the subtropics , accompanied by heatwaves and intense wildfires .	干旱通过亚热带传播 , 伴随着热浪和强烈的野火 。
i like a picture which john lennon and yoko ono hugging , they are like a smooth circle .	我喜欢一张约翰·莱恩松和约翰·莱诺的照片 , 他们就像一个平滑的圆形 。
his mop of black hair and silverrimmed glasses make him a dead ringer for harry potter .	他的黑头发和银色的玻璃使他成为哈利波特死戒指 。
a letter generally mails to americaeuropeafrica by airmail . first 20 grams is 20 yuan .	一封信通常邮寄到美国的非洲航空邮件 。 第二20个语法是20元 。
zakah is a portion of one's wealth that must be given to the poor or to other specified causes .	扎卡是一个财富的一部分 , 必须给予穷人或其他指定的原因 。
so what happens almost instantaneously after the collision , the electron up here falls back down .	所以在碰撞后几乎发生了什么 , 电子在这里倒下来 。
what's this ? this is what it looks like when you stand at the foot of one of the giant junipers at mount lala .	这是什么 ? 这看起来就像你站在拉拉的一个巨大的犹太人一样 。
breathable leather interior aids in wicking moisture away from your feet so they stay healthy and dry .	可呼吸的皮革内部援助从你的脚部消毒水 , 因此他们保持健康和干燥 。
she feeds the orphaned calf three to four times a day , the same amount an infant requires in a day .	她每天喂牛奶三到四倍 , 同样的婴儿需要一天 。
to the best of our knowledge , brain capillary telangiectasia rarely has been previously reported by swi .	为了我们最好的知识 , 大脑脊髓炎少见以前被瑞典报道 。
ann: look , this news is about a post80s girl who spent 3000 yuan for her dog's birth .	安妮:看吧 , 这个消息大约是一个80岁的女孩 , 她花了3000元的出生 。
used the er graph tool to design the system information model , and has constructed the system database physical information model .	使用er图形工具设计系统信息模型 , 建立了系统数据库物理信息模型 。
no flooding on our way up to the land , but here and there in the mountain area are fallen branches on the road .	没有洪水在我们的路上 , 但在这里 , 山区的山区落在路上 。
frame of manufacturing management layer and supervisory control layer network system make out subsection .	制造管理层的框架和监督控制层网络系统做出了补贴 。
results and conclusion the present laboratory examinations do not show obvious help for the early diagnosis of bmt .	结果与结论目前实验室检查并不显著帮助bmt早期诊断 。
and the designed sensor can also be used to measure some other types of linear displacement or rotation angle .	而设计的传感器也可以用于测量其他类型线性位移或旋转角的测量 。
analysis about some phenomenon of using characters of bronze inscriptions in the han dynasty .	分析汉代铜描述的一些现象 。
there are some different pt conditions between the west and east of the southern area to the chonglichicheng large fracture .	东南地区西部和东部地区的pt条件有不同的pt条件 。
schoolrunning strategy: adapt actively , advance moderately , and develop independently .	学校运行策略:适应积极、积极发展 , 独立发展 。
the formula is therefore considered as available to the calculation of drawing force on tube sinking .	因此公式被认为是可用于管道沉淀的绘画力计算 。
the value to set is a reference to either a java . lang . object , or a subclass thereof .	设置的值是一个java.lang.lang.onclaf的参考 。
the national collegiate athletic association governs college sports in the united states .	国家卫生运动协会在美国大学体育学院 。
" you mean the people who live in the big house next door , don't you ? " asked one of the girls .	" 你意味着那些住在下门的大房子里的人 , 不要你吗 ? " 一个女孩 。
my husband's first coaching experience was with a juniorhighschool basketball team .	我丈夫的第一次教练经历是一支高中篮球队 。
objective to study the clinical features and treatment of traumatic cerebral intraventricular hemorrhage .	目的探讨创伤脑室内出血的临床特点及治疗 。
there are defects such as wash , blowhole , dispersed shrinkage in the butterfly type valve .	如洗涤、吹孔等缺陷 , 在蝴蝶式阀中分散的shrinkage 。
this amount increases each year you're here inline with inflation and subject to government regulations .	这个数额增加每年你在这里与通货膨胀和主体相互联系 。
the longterm causes of the cold war were fundamentally due to the ideological differences between east and west .	冷战的长期原因是由于东西思想差异的基本原因 。
one of the downsides of antidepressant pills is that they can take a long time to work — between two and eight weeks .	反抑郁药物之一的抗抑郁药物之一是他们可以在两个星期和八周之间进行长时间工作 。
i have a great relationship with him , even after the primavera game he called me wanting to know everything about my condition .	我和他有一个很好的关系 , 即使是在原始游戏之后 , 他称之为我想知道我的一切条件 。
the society of boys' centres is the main beneficiary of a scholarship & development fund set up by us .	男孩中心的社会是美国建立学术发展基金的主要好处 。
in this paper , the construction management of the modern landscape greening project is analyzed in this paper .	本文对现代景观希腊工程建设管理进行了分析 。
guangzhou city people's congress , canton canton ya huang yongguang said school principals .	广州市人民国会 , 华盛顿黄永广说学校主席 。
objective :to establish a quality control of compound tetracaine hydrochloride gel newly prepared .	目的:建立一种新制备的复合四氯酸盐凝胶的质量控制 。
rooms divided into standard rooms , deluxe rooms , single rooms , all kinds of suites .	房间分为标准房间、豪华房间、单房、各种套房 。
objective:to investigate the bacteria infection and drug resistance state in the medical intensive care unit .	目的:探讨细菌感染与药物耐药状态 。
objective to investigate the absorption kinetics of ligustrazine at different intestine segments in rats .	目的探讨大鼠肠道不同肠段脂质素吸收动力学 。
i could smell the fresh , wonderful scent of devil's hole , the water , the moss , the laurel .	我可以闻到新鲜的 , 美丽的魔鬼洞 , 水 , 摩西 , 劳尔 。
returned to south koreas ginger both smoke and willow township enjoy the two people in love time .	回到韩国南朝鲜都会吸烟和愿望城镇在爱时享受两个人 。
so this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons .	因此 , 这只是你可以在单轨道上拥有最多电子的想法 。
forget about level surfaces , forget about standing back , and just pick up your quadrotor and throw it .	忘记水平表面 , 忘记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记记录 , 并且只要把它扔掉 。
" docking " means that adequate information sharing , mutual understanding and the parallel development of same period .	" 打击 " 意味着足够的信息共享、相互理解和同时期的平行发展 。
blue roses also have mythical qualities because until the japanese discovery they were impossible to grow .	蓝玫瑰还有神话质量 , 因为直到日本发现他们不可能生长 。
just before we left , the husband told me he and his wife had moved in 34 years ago , right before they got married .	就在我们离开之前 , 丈夫告诉我34年前 , 他的妻子在婚前移动 。
trapped in a crowd , the music is loud . i said i love my freedom too , now i'm not sure i do .	我也喜欢我的自由 , 现在我不确定我做的 。
for an invention to be patentable it must not be obvious 'to one of ordinary skill in the art' .	为了发明专利 , 它不必明显 " 到艺术中的普通技能之一 。
on may 5th , leonard stringfield releases and article in batavia , illinois about aliens .	五月五日 , 莱昂纳德字符串字符串发布和文章在巴塔维亚 , 伊利诺伊关于孤独 。
st lucia is clearly an island on the move ; one can only hope that it will retain its unspoilt charm .	圣lucia明确是一个岛屿 , 只有希望它能保持它的无poilt魅力 。
please maintain clean environment , turn off cellular phone and b . b . call , prepare .	请维持清洁环境 , 转移手机和b.b.调用 。
moreover , the treatment efficiency of hpac was better than which of traditional pac or aluminum sulfate .	此外 , hpac治疗效率优于传统的pac或铝硫酸钠 。
what value can songbird add if the user navigates from a music blog to cnn ? probably none .	如果用户从音乐博客到cn中导航的话 , 歌鸟可以添加什么值 ?
i was just in denmark , and it occurred to me there’s not a hint of a big gulp society there .	我只是在丹麦 , 它发生在我身上并没有一个大gulp社会的隐藏 。
to deal with the increasing load of idp , it is essential to implement load balance based on cluster .	为了处理idp的增加负载 , 基于集群实现负载平衡是必要的 。
but in the presence of so violent a temptation , reason vanished ; nothing remained but instinct .	但在那么暴力的现象中 , 原因变了 , 没有什么依然是直觉 。
it is great to be here in the same time as the irish group . that gives us a new perspective about the way to work with ceramics .	与爱尔兰集团一样 , 这是我们对陶瓷工作的新观点 。
first , service premium is a key issue of credit market with the transition from shortage economy to surplus one .	首先 , 服务总理是信用市场的关键问题 , 从短缺经济转移到超过一个 。
she worry you listen , but didn t also way , then she saw the northsouth and mis blue , said later .	她担心你听着 , 但还没有办法 , 然后她看到北方和蓝导弹 。
she saw it through a mist of fancya pale , sombre halflight , which was the essence of poetic feeling .	她看到它是一群迷惑的fancyapale的一半光芒 , 这是诗歌感觉的本质 。
but change enough words , though it is only one at a time , and your thought ends up dead just the same .	但改变足够的话 , 虽然它只是一次 , 你的思想终于死了 。
evidently two of the girls there had an altercation and one pushed the other off the wharf and into the water .	显然两个女孩有一个改变 , 另一位女孩推出了白色和进水 。
the sunset glow floods the inlet of the river , blending with the hues on the horizon , and me .	太阳光闪烁着河流的入口 , 与丈夫混合在水平上 , 我 。
one pair may not fit inside all of your shoes , so you may want separate orthotics for dress shoes or sports .	一对不适合你的鞋子内部的鞋子 , 所以你可能希望独立的身体鞋子或运动 。
he then surrendered to guards and handed over a letter , but details of his particular plight were not made known .	然后 , 他又向警卫和处理信件 , 然而 , 他的特殊插件的细节不知道 。
add to this ideas promulgated by religious groups in which transgressive sex is sinful even as a fantasy .	加入宗教团体的这一想法 , 即使是一个幻想 。
a sponge that absorbs c02 and boosts hydrogen fuel production , said an australian researcher .	澳大利亚研究人员说 , 吸收c02和增强水性燃料生产的支持 。
ralph sings , norton plays " swanee river " and then " melancholy serenade " fast tempo .	拉尔夫歌曲 , 诺顿扮演 " 瑞典河 " , 然后 " 马来霍里·塞雷纳德 " 快速温度 。
the transaction mechanism and the system will be maintained by the company , the proxy stores , retailers old sales .	交易机制和系统将由公司维护 , 代理商店 , 零售商旧销售 。
to use the period inventory system effectively , the manager must be able to control inventory by visual inspection .	为了有效地使用周期库存系统 , 管理器必须通过视觉检查来控制库存 。
but i say unto you , that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .	但我对你说 , 应该更容易对判断的土地进行判断 , 比起判断的日子 。
it's a sentiment once professed for every artist from shaun cassidy to paul mccartney .	这是一位来自山凯西教授的每个艺术家保罗mccarney教授的情感 。
the cost savings are enormous , and the timetomarket for new applications or functionality is greatly improved .	节约成本巨大 , 新应用程序或功能的时间市场大大提高 。
out went suits in favour of the opennecked shirts that mr lafley usually sports .	拉夫莱先生通常运动的开放式衬衫 。
thenthe optimal driving curve under the conditions of matching and linear voltage control is derived .	然后在匹配和线性电压控制条件下最佳驱动曲线 。
suddenly , huan zang could not control himself but began to laugh with his beloved wife and adorable babies .	突然 , 湖南张不能控制自己 , 但开始笑着他爱的妻子和可爱的孩子 。
i knew how hard dad worked to scrape together enough money for my accordion and lessons .	我知道爸爸怎么努力一起工作 , 为我的根据和教训提供足够的钱 。
get some pliers or something to hold the hinge with and hammer lightly at the hinge . do so for both hinges .	让某些声音或某些东西保持和锤子轻轻地躺在床上 。
gentleness is a sharp sword . gentleness is a latent power which can let all the people submit themselves to it .	温柔是一个尖锐的剑 。 温柔度是一种潜在的力量 , 让所有的人都提交自己 。
both in theory and in practice , ethics and the economy have become irreconcilable opposites .	在理论和实践中 , 道德和经济都变得不可重视 。
for me it is a very dangerous if i didn't have any ready to enter for the exam , i will get a bad grade .	对于我来说 , 如果我没有准备进入考试的话 , 我会得到一个糟糕的级别 。
but the twotime academy award winner is also one of hollywood's highest profile christians .	但两次学术奖励者也是好莱坞最高的基督徒之一 。
number two , pointer dereferencing starts at the pointer and follows its arrow over to access its pointee .	数字二 , 指针导向导向开始 , 并遵循箭头访问它的指针 。
it is believed that on december 21st , 1891 , the first basketball game in history was played .	相信在12月21日 , 1891年12月21日 , 历史上第一个篮球比赛 。
in the wake of the midterms , he has voiced a willingness to work with the republicans in congress .	在中期醒来的时候 , 他声称与国会共和党人一起工作的愿望 。
japan's is far greater , yet the yen has become one of the safe havens for those fleeing the dollar .	日本远远远越来越多 , 但日圆已经成为那些逃离美元的安全之一 。
the land they're squatting on has arable tracts , trees , hills to the west and natural springs .	它们正在向西方和自然春天的土地方方方向有着可行的轨道、树木、山顶 。
dr . jenningswhite has published many articles on the topic of organic chemistry and perfumery .	金宁白博士在有机化学和香水的主题上发表了许多文章 。
michael:paulo ? i don't believe it . i thought he worked all the timelike my brother .	迈克尔:保罗吗 ? 我不相信它 。 我想他一切时间就像我的兄弟一样工作 。
my sister has mistaken me for a mushroom . she keeps me in the dark and feeds me shit .	我的妹妹为一间蘑菇错了我 。 她把我放在黑暗里 , 喂我 。
cardinal rosales praised the life of the “extraordinary” saint . “this is his home town .	卡丁·罗萨尔赞扬了 " 外星 " 圣的生活 。 " 这是他的家乡 。
" it's only the malicious guys who have to worry about what happens once they submit a result , " livshits says .	" 这只是那些需要担心什么事情发生的恶性家伙 , " livshitits说 。
they made their way to the secondfloor store room , broke down the door and dressed themselves in officers' uniforms .	他们走到第二楼的房间 , 走下门 , 穿着自己的办公室 。
the method of ontology merging based on fca can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods .	基于fca的本体合并方法可以克服传统的本体论合并方法 。
hplc method for the determination of larginine in cefepime hydrochloride for injection was established .	建立了hplc法测定甘油在乙酰胺注射液中的hplc方法 。
software process engineering metamodel is the standard specification that formally describes the software development processes .	软件工程元模型是正式描述软件开发过程的标准规范 。
for experience discussion of , the article introduces the thinking of a large number of preqin confucianism and taoism .	针对经验的讨论 , 介绍了大量前秦儒家思想的思想 。
returning to the familiar kitchen he slides a knife along his letters , slitting out their folded information .	回到熟悉的厨房里 , 他沿他的信片滑了刀 , 把它们折叠的信息滑出来 。
then the people of the land killed all who had plotted against king amon , and they made josiah his son king in his place .	然后 , 土地的人们杀死了所有的人 , 反对国王阿蒙 , 他们使约西亚王在他的地方 。
ulta , another retail chain , was among the first to put mass and prestige offerings on the same selling floor .	另一个零售链之一 , 是第一次放大量和预订同样的销售地板 。
daguerre did not need to make money from the invention to live , since he had been pensioned by the french government .	达格尔不需要从发明到生活之后的钱 , 因为他被法国政府被惩罚 。
how can you tell people that eating the filets of a shark is fine , but eating the fins of that very same animal is not fine ?	你怎么能告诉人们吃鲨鱼的文件很好 , 但是吃这类动物的最后是不错的吗 ?
for sensing air temperature under heavy loading appliances such as fan heater , hot air tunnel ...etc...	为了感觉空气温度 , 如风热通道、热空气隧道等重负载设备 。
when power converters operate at boost mode , the lowvoltage side battery will discharge and provide power for dclink ;	当电力转换器在增强模式运行时 , 低压侧电池将放电并为dclink提供功能 ;
its downfall occurred in 1256 as a result of the expansion of the mongol empire into iran and syria .	它的下降发生在1256年 , 由于蒙古帝国扩大到伊朗和叙利亚 。
this paper has established a bistable region diagram and a boundary diagram of the failure to attenuating vibration .	本文建立了一个禁区图和一个边界图 , 使振动失败的边界图 。
the contextual linkages of records should carry the information needed for an understanding of the transactions that created and used them .	记录的上下文链接应对创建并使用的事务所需要的信息进行理解 。
in this hot summer , let your computer desktop has become full of fantasy , full of temptation to it !	在这个热夏天 , 让你的电脑桌面变得充满幻想 , 充满诱惑 !
micro electro mechanical systems multigranularity macromodeling nonstandard structure model order reduction ;	微电机械系统多粒度宏模拟非标准结构秩序降低 ;
aim to investigate the chemical constituents of the rhizomes of anemarrhena asphodeloides bunge .	目的探讨亚洲海南沥青的化学成分 。
" before it happened i loved school , i loved everything about it , " redding , now 19 , said on cnn television .	" 在我喜欢学校之前 , 我喜欢一切东西 , " 现在19岁的红色电视台说 。
the space is dotted with various types of houses and tradesman 's workshops with their messy yards .	空间与各种类型的房屋和贸易商务员的工作场合 。
we also learnt about some local fauna including a toad in the family bufonidae which is toxic if eaten .	我们还学习一些当地的范围 , 包括在家里的巴菲尼达 , 如果吃毒的话 , 那么我们也会学到一些当地的范围 。
but therein lies a danger the danger of assuming that tangible , quantifiablethings are all there is to an impasse .	但在那里 , 假设可能的危险中 , 数量化的东西都有冲突 。
the construction theorem of regular semigroups with orthodox transversals was given by a simpler formal set .	通过简单的正式集 , 给出了常规半群的正式半群结构理论 。
qualitatively analyze the existing problem of the antenna height scanning for the eut with radiating characteristicsin the measurement method .	定量分析天线高扫描的存在问题 。
but we must remind our comrades that they must truly follow the spirit of the " may 7th directive " .	但我们必须提醒我们的同志 , 他们必须真正遵循 " 五七 " 的精神 。
young bloods are full of ambition and pride once they have collected their first trophy the skull of their kill .	年轻的血液充满了雄心和骄傲 , 一旦他们收集了他们杀死的第一条裤子 。
tumbling this price positions significantly increase potential null layout has been positive .	把这种价格定位显著增加潜在的null布局已经积极了 。
the result testified the difference of antiinfection for nematodirus spp between poll dorset and mongolian sheep .	结果证实了调查马匹与蒙古羊之间的抗感染的差异 。
" beyond the mountain's olive tree " , " little river up " , " village crossing " and others .	" 超过山顶橄榄树 " , " 小河 " 、 " 村庄跨越 " 等 。
in a video image from new zealand's tvnz , men carry a wounded man after he is pulled from the rubble .	在新西兰电视台的视频图片中 , 男人在他被拉出来的垃圾中携带伤害的人 。
in 1990 hazen took on a second position , as professor of earth science at george mason university .	1990年 , 随着乔治马逊大学地球科学教授 。
ozark's turkey farmers are not immune to the issues that are hurting farm communities everywhere .	ozark的土耳其农民不免受任何地方刺激农村社区的问题 。
the alien seeds thus took roots , sprouted and grew into such big plantain trees on top of other trees .	因此 , 生长在其他树顶上的大型植物树上生长 。
“the volksparteien are coming to an end , ” says peter l&ouml ; sche , a political scientist .	政治科学家彼得·l&uml说: " 火山人员正来到结束 。 "
sediment samples collected from seven stations in xiamen western harbour were processed qualitatively and quantitatively .	定量地处理了夏门西海岸七站的沉积样本 。
both succumbed to the temptations of drink and women , and had uneasy relations with the critics and the press .	两者都成功的是喝酒和女性的诱惑 , 而且与批评家和新闻有着不明显的关系 。
dashboard receives contextual information from the focused application and uses it to query a selection of backend stores .	达什板收到了从集中应用程序的上下下文信息 , 并使用它查询后端存储的选择 。
agv grandbase system is a set of software to control and manage many agvs to accomplish many material transit tasks .	agv大基础系统是一套用于控制和管理许多gv来完成许多材料传输任务的软件 。
as the first chapter of book five begins , there is a drought in surrey which has prompted a hosepipe ban .	作为第一章的第一章 , 书五章开始有一个药物 , 已经提倡了一个hosepipe禁止的药物 。
with convenient transportation:it's 220km from shanghai , 65km from hangzhou , 290km from ningbo .	运输方便:上海220公里 , 65公里从宁波290公里 。
when the swiss author robert walser created a portrait of a poet , he actually wrote a selfportrait .	当瑞士作家罗伯特·沃尔泽创造了一个诗人肖像时 , 他实际上写了一个自我肖像 。
everything you have thought , said , and done makes up the kind of person you are now , and also contains the seeds of your future .	你有思想的一切都说 , 做的是你现在所做的一种人 , 也包含你未来的种子 。
one terrorist nuke , assembled from stray exsoviet fissile material , can ruin your whole day .	一个恐怖主义nuke , 由strayexsovietfisile材料组装 , 可以破坏整个日子 。
afternoon listening to two friends talk about the past , think of " the dream into reality . " this paragraph of word .	下午听了两个朋友谈到过去的话 , 想 " 梦想 " 的现实 。
the nature and characters of operations research , the knowledge system , the developing history , applications , functions in the business decisions .	运营研究、知识系统、开发历史、应用、功能等特点 。
" i'm a vampire , and i've been alive for over 500 years , " bensley said , according to erickson .	据伊里克森说: " 我是一个真空的事情 , 我已经活了超过500年了 。 "
so does theresa may , who is under pressure to cut police numbers as a result of the austerity programme .	所以 , 五月份 , 被压力削减警察数字的结果 。
well it came when elijah , the amazing prophet of the one and only god picked me to be a prophet like him after he died .	好的时候 , 一个惊人的前言 , 只有上帝就像他死后的前言一样 , 就像他一样 。
attending his reading , he said , were large numbers of hispanic people , 40 , 000 of whom lived in the same city .	参加他的阅读 , 他说 , 很多西班牙人 , 4万人住在同一城市 。
in order to make sure , i think you should have a threeglass urine test made as well as an examination of the prostatic secretion .	为了确定 , 我觉得你应该有三个玻璃尿试验 , 并考试持续分泌 。
the school has minhang , yangpu two main campus , is now actively strive to build a new campus port .	这所学校有小张 , 杨浦两个主要校园 , 现在积极努力建立一个新的校园港口 。
the company has cable research institute with powerful technical strength and domestic advanced product r&d capability .	本公司拥有强大的技术力量和国内先进产品r&d能力研究机构 。
wang condensation cold that lost touch with organizations , the white sea angel dumpling also admitted his revenge .	王凝结冷却与组织失去联系 , 白海天使堆积也承认他的收入 。
therefore , it is critical that governments place investing in immunization high on their national health agendas .	因此 , 政府在民族卫生协会上投资免疫高度的关键性是关键的 。
this paper presents the principle and methods for design and calculation of the deviationmeasuring mechanism of the inclinometer .	文章介绍了clinoter偏差测量机理的设计原理和计算方法 。
under the influence of welfare pluralism , community care has become one of main strategies of coping the problem .	在福利多元主义影响下 , 社区护理已成为复制问题的主要策略之一 。
i actually jogged every day when i was in jail , and i took shower with cold water no matter if it was snowing oring .	实际上 , 我每天都在杰利时玩笑 , 我就带着冷水不管是雪 。
richclient documents can be saved to a persistent medium as new documents or as part of the data from which they originated .	丰富的文档可以被保存到一个持久的媒体 , 或者是他们原来的数据的一部分 。
the chemical deburring solution features good stability , long service life and lower roughness of the treated steel surface .	化学破坏溶液具有良好的稳定性、长寿寿命和低粗糙性 。
he is supported by 4 junior ministers with specific responsibilites , who are also elected politicians .	他支持4名专门负责人 , 同时也被选举的政治家 。
housing activists and scholars said this electionyear bill will ease , but not end , the housing crisis .	住房活动家和学者表示 , 这个选举年计划会轻松 , 但不结束 , 房屋危机 。
jillian's goal is to capture the best portrait she can within that timeframe and your job is to assist her in doing so .	吉利安的目标是捕捉她在那段时间内最好的肖像 , 你的工作是帮她这样做 。
mr evans says that from now on immigration will play a bigger role in the “structure of australia’s workforce” .	埃文斯先生说 , 从现在移民将在澳大利亚工作力的结构上发挥更大的作用 。
it is a very sobering responsibility to know that you are preparing for the future , china's next generation of leaders .	中国下一代领导人正准备下一代中国领导人 。
this loss embitters humans , and they have a warlike view of diplomacy — swing first , ask questions later .	这样的失去了人类 , 他们有一个警告的外交观 , 首先要问问题 。
core plate strengthening soft soil base is with the characteristics of rapid speed , better effect and easy construction .	核心板加强软土基的特点是快速速、效果好、易于施工的特点 。
for example , mindtree consulting was founded 1999 in anticipation of the very threats that have now materialised .	例如 , 心理树咨询成立于1999年期待现有材料的非常威胁 。
it is 50 times bigger than the original one and covers 240 sqm the equivalent area of 22 london buses .	它比原来的一个大约50倍 , 覆盖22个伦敦公交车等价区240倍 。
but god not only forgives the past , he clothes you in righteousness as though you had never committed a sin .	但上帝不仅原谅过去 , 他衣服你 , 虽然你从未犯罪 。
watching people cling to6 each other , crying , and holding each other in that last embrace makes me appreciate what i have even more .	看着人们彼此关闭6 , 哭泣 , 彼此相互抱着彼此的时代 , 让我感谢我更多的东西 。
delayed coke is a quite mature processing technic , and it is looked as an ordinary means of deepprocess .	延迟的焦是一项非常成熟的工艺 , 看起来是一种普通的脱色手段 。
at the peak of the housing boom in 2005 , sales of both existing and new homes were running at twice the 1976 rate .	在2005年房屋繁荣的高峰时 , 现有和新房屋的销售都在1976年的两倍 。
methods: 6 sb patients and 8 normal persons were monitored with polysomnography during the whole night .	方法:6例sb患者和8例正常人员在整个晚间监测多态性 。
and her boys , were they getting on well at belvedere ? was that so ? father conmee was very glad indeed to hear that .	她的男孩 , 他们在贝尔维尔德很好吗 ? 那么吗 ? 父亲康米斯真的很高兴听到这件事 。
nonmedical use of prescription drugs was also more common in the 5059 age group than in the 60andover age group .	非医用药在5059岁小组中也比6000名年龄组更常见 。
the distinguished chinese guests , it is certainly in the fundamental interest of our people to trade and be friend with chinese people .	不同的中国客人 , 肯定是我们人民的基本利益与中国人民交易的朋友 。
we can also guess that such a toothbrush may hurt the man’s teeth as well as his mood , inconveniencing him greatly .	我们也可以猜到这样的牙刷可能会伤害男人的牙齿和他的情绪 , 很大程度上让他感到困惑 。
but an overconfident lee thought that , having reinforced both flanks , meade would be weak in the center .	但一个超自信的李思想认为 , 两个平坦都加强了 , 梅德将在中心弱 。
vanilla , being the most popular flavor , was in a separate case at the front of the store for quick pickup .	范尼拉是最受欢迎的风味 , 在商店前面的一个独立案例 。
women over thirty and/or women who are divorced have an almost leperlike status in chinese dating culture .	三十岁以上的女性离婚的女性 , 几乎在中国日报文化中存在着几乎像莱珀一样的地位 。
people familiar with these moors often miss their road on such evenings ; and i can tell you there is no chance of a change at present .	人们熟悉这些妈常错过他们的路 , 我可以告诉你目前没有机会的变化 。
sexy tianjin is a new shellfish tv show about love , lust , youth culture and street life in china's city .	性天津是中国青年文化和街道生活的新型壳鱼电视节目 。
and then i heard the news on tv screen , the death roll is now 21 , 000 and over 100 , 000 injured .	然后我听到电视屏上的消息 , 死滚现在21 , 000多人受伤 。
experimental results showed that eg inserted into the cellar char with a " worm " like structure after it was expanded .	实验结果显示 , eg插入到细胞查询后的 " 蠕虫 " 像结构一样 。
insincere answer could be more natural just as the versatile golf player waves his arms at pleasure .	真正的答案可以更自然 , 因为高尔夫球员在高尔夫球员高尔夫很高兴 。
other kinds of corn have less water and do not pop . when you heat a seed of corn , the water inside makes the corn explode .	其他种玉米有较少的水 , 不要粉 。 当你加玉米时 , 内部的水使玉米爆炸 。
chemical in red wine , fruits and vegetables stops cancer , heart disease , depending on the dose	红葡萄酒、水果和蔬菜停止癌症、心脏疾病的化学依赖剂量 。
i had never realized i could spend so much before i got going on this adventure , now i have to live on my credit card for a while .	我从来没有意识到我在冒险之前花太多钱 , 现在我必须一段时间住在我的信用卡上 。
are the responsibilities of each committee clearly defined ? do these definitions meet the needs of the district ?	每个委员会的责任明确定义吗 ? 这些定义符合该区的需要 ?
one application the researchers envision for the camera is flow cytometry , a technique used for blood analysis .	研究人员注意摄像机的一项应用是流式细胞仪 , 用于血液分析的技术 。
he had promised , he said , to “maintain the confidence and preserve inviolate” the secrets of his client .	他承诺说 , " 为了保护自己的客户的秘密而保护信心和保护保护 。
in the paper the structure of dnb was introduced , and the theory of negative high voltage power supply was stressed .	介绍了dnb的结构 , 强调了负电源供电理论 。
but how to standard conduct neuropsychological assess scale of pocd is no consensus currently .	但如何标准导致神经病理评估范围不共识 。
every time i ask her for advice , she is always ready to help , and explains to my full satisfaction .	每次我问她的建议 , 她总是准备好帮助 , 解释我的满意 。
this versatile dual scanner has two pairs of output lines which makes it suitable for a wide variety of uses .	这种版本双扫描器有两对输出线 , 使得它适合多种使用 。
if you treat bschool like an amazing educational experience , chances are you'll get a lot out of it .	如果你像一个令人惊讶的教育经验一样治疗bsool , 你就会得到很多的机会 。
britain withdrew an invitation to the ambassador from syria over violence against protesters there .	英国驻驻叙利亚大使邀请来自叙利亚暴力反对抗议员 。
i retorted angrily: “their vocal cord sounds as if it was kissed by god , without any hurt . ”	我愤怒地回答: " 听起来像上帝吻的话 , 没有任何伤害 。 "
but subsequently they had quarrels and combats with the natives , of whom they killed a considerable number .	但是随后他们有四分之一的战争和土地的战斗 , 其中他们杀死了一个可考虑的数字 。
the research study was thoroughly developed in the guiyang senior high school and obtained the remarkable result .	本研究在贵阳高中开发的广阳高中 , 获得了显著的结果 。
he got petya transferred from obolensky's regiment to bezuhov's , which was in formation near moscow .	他从布洛伦斯基的政权转移到贝乌霍夫 , 这是在莫斯科附近形成的 。
strengthen intelligenceled operations , including the use of strategic undercover and covert operations .	加强智能操作 , 包括使用战略底部和覆盖操作 。
the second part is an introduction of the background of the english schoolbased curriculum development in our school .	第二部分是我校英语课程发展的背景 。
the dream is to be inmorpheuswhen , a few not by complete lowkey coriaceous cell group working place causes .	梦想是在未知的情况下 , 几个不完全低键细胞组工作原因 。
the chinese premier also visited the luanda general hospital , a social welfare project funded by china .	中国总理也访问了中国一般医院 , 一个由中国资助的社会福利项目 。
another example is changing the location of a table space container , which can also be done using backup and restore .	另一个例子正在改变表空间容器的位置 , 它也可以使用备份和恢复来完成 。
he believed that , without causing damage to the mansion of business name brand , but will enhance their clout .	他相信 , 没有引起商业名牌的破坏 , 但不会提高他们的衣服 。
mercator's world is a bimonthly magazine on the exploration , discovery , and mapping of earth and space .	mercator世界是探索、发现和映射地球和空间的双月杂志 。
the euricase will run you $198 . 95 and transferring video and images is done by usb from your computer .	欧元酶将运行你198.95美元和转移视频和图像 。
an investigation of foraminifera was conducted in the last glacial loess along the coast of the bohai sea .	在波海海岸最后一次冰川损失调查中 , 进行了一项研究 。
tests are similar to recent actual gres in length , question types , and degree of difficulty .	测试类似最近实际的格栅 , 问题类型和困难程度 。
the paper compares the economical efficiency of the vrv heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems .	比较了vrv热泵空调系统的经济效率 。
the film is an american version of a two thousand eight french thriller called " pour elle . "	这部电影是美国版本的一个叫做 " 波尔埃尔 " 的两千八个法国版本 。
20 the lampstands of pure gold with their lamps , to burn in front of the inner sanctuary as prescribed ;	二十灯纯金灯 , 用灯泡烧在内部卫生前面 ;
there were many taoist sects in the t'ang dynasty , in which , the shangqing sect had the most important influence .	唐代有许多道教学家在唐代 , 其中 , 上清区有最重要影响 。
the development of commodity economy has given birth to the popular of christmas and other foreignfestival .	商品经济的发展给出了基督制度和其他外国节带来的出生 。
xu song in " a little knowledge of xinjiang " in the show every side of the ideological governance .	徐歌在 " 新疆 " 小学知识 , 显示每一方面的思想治理 。
the date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of liaoning province is of obvious inter decadal characteristics .	辽宁省春季排水期的第一个排水期是十年间的特点 。
all ssaa inc . instructors have attained the certificate 4 in workplace training and assessment .	所有sac.指令员都在工作场所培训和评估中获得证书4 。
" we could have given this money to the people in the camps in darfur , to the vaccine for aids , " ibrahim said .	伊布拉希姆说: " 我们可以把这笔钱送到达尔夫的营地里 , 给艾滋病疫苗 。 "
see , us thumbslummers and boxjumpers , we get a little puckish when it comes to cars , you know ?	看吧 , 我们拇指拇指和拳击手 , 我们在车上去时有点困难 , 你知道吗 ?
who can know that your eyelids have not been touched with lampblack ? for your eyes are darker than rainclouds .	谁能知道你的眼睛比雨云没有触摸到的黑色 ?
and in the middle , you have a large number of " maybes " who seem like they might just be able to contribute something .	在中间 , 你有很多 " 也许 " 的 " 可能 " , 他们似乎只能贡献一些东西 。
is a change in the database manager or database configuration the reason for a bottleneck , such as a sort overflow ?	数据库管理器或数据库配置原因是瓶颈的变化 ?
objective: to investigate the risk of cerebral infarction of patients with type 2 diabetes and control methods .	目的:探讨2型糖尿病患者脑梗死的风险 。
as soups in this cookbook are mildly nutritious , they are , therefore , suitable to be consumed all the year round .	由于这本烹饪书里的汤很温和营养 , 因此 , 适合全年消费 。
resultsthe gestational age at delivery and birthweight were significantly smaller in severe group than that in mild one .	结果交付量和出生重量的妊娠年龄比较严重组明显小 。
president bush has chosen a cubanborn business executive to be his new secretary of commerce .	布什总统选择了一家出生商务部长 , 成为他的新秘书 。
although it's bad that i couldn't have rice as my lunch , i could still get by with those noodles and dumplings .	虽然很糟糕的是 , 我不能吃饭 , 但我仍然可以通过这些正常和饺子来获得 。
last july , bpp was given degreeawarding powers , which meant it was allowed to call itself a university college .	去年七月份 , bpp被授予了奖励权力 , 这意味着它被允许叫做大学 。
i published my first chinese article in 1979 , but writing in earnest did not begin until the fall of 1983 .	我在1979年发表了我第一篇中国文章 , 但在1983年秋天开始写 。
when you can take a step back and begin to understand why things are happening , you can look for the positive aftermath .	当你可以回到一个步骤 , 开始了解为什么发生的事情 , 你可以找到正数学 。
this means you have to fight if you want to stay skilled , and gives less incentive to rest while your fiefs give income .	这意味着 , 如果你想保持技能的话 , 那么在你的财务给予收入时 , 你就必须战斗你 。
rose of silver up the home , but in order to travel , therefore with guodong no instant returned to jiaming ;	为了旅行 , 广东没有瞬间回到嘉明 ;
new standards in various industries , including healthcare , have prompted development of xmlenabled applications .	各种行业新标准 , 包括卫生保健 , 促进xmlenable应用程序的发展 。
if you've made a serious mistake , if you've hurted others or yourself , it's of no use to feel guilty .	如果你做了严重的错误 , 如果你伤害别人或自己 , 那就不用感觉罪 。
a host or service is determined to have stopped flapping when its percent state goes below a low flapping threshold .	一个主机或服务决定在低压阈值下的时候停止平台 。
the variable coefficients , the solution itself and its normal flux may be discontinuous across the interface .	变量系数 , 解决方案本身和其正常流感可能是在接口中不断的 。
aim to investigate the in vitro and in vivo stability of 9nitrocamptothecin lactone form in rat plasma .	目的探讨大鼠血浆中的体外稳定性及生存稳定性 。
it should send parents — and pediatricians , educators and psychologists — looking for ways to help .	它应该发送父母和儿科学家、教育家和心理学家寻求帮助的方法 。
at the first outset , heavy , miry ground and a matted , marish vegetation , greatly delayed our progress ;	在第一次出口 , 重 , 米地和一匹马匹配的海洋植物大延迟了我们的进步 ;
dado: in classical architecture , the plain portion of the pedestal of a column , between the base and the cornice .	爸爸:在经典的建筑中 , 平原部分的柱子 , 基底和玉米之间 。
shahin was a mechanic , this was his workshop , and there was a tattered mattress inside a tiny room at the back .	鲨鱼是一款机械 , 这是他的工作坊 , 而在后面有一间小型的房间里有一件美味的事情 。
chang an received the news , not only did not escape , but wearing a suit , ready to rescue their parents .	张安接到了新闻 , 不仅没有逃避 , 却穿着衣服 , 准备救父母 。
he captures the shantytowns where a billion people live now , and where three billion are expected to be living by 2050 .	他现在捕捉了一百亿人居住的山蒂镇 , 在那里有三十亿人预计生活在2050年 。
some counties in midwest america have declared a state of emergency due to rainstorms and tornadoes .	由于雨灾和恐怖灾害 , 西美中部一些国家宣布紧急状态 。
gossip: spotted nate archibald learning you don't know a good thing till it's gone and found someone else .	高斯比:指着娜特·阿希巴德学习你不知道一个好事情 , 直到找别人 。
conclusion lidocaine combined with dexamethasone could prevent the phlebitis caused by doctaxol .	结论利多卡因与德克萨马尼结合的结论可以防止由dctaxaol引起的电话炎 。
two people wake up , suddenly see jun with spring flowers and adopted by who came and said to search for bingyin .	两个人醒来 , 突然看到俊俊与春花一起采取 , 并且采取了谁来找金银 。
she muttered nonsense , silent moon shed a soft light , projected on the ground out of a circle .	她突破了非sense , 沉默的月亮在一个柔软的光线上 , 被投射在一个圆形的地上 。
leaders , distinguished guests , ladies and gentlemen , all the employees of jinghua , good afternoon !	领导人、分歧客人、女士和绅士 , 所有员工都在明华 , 下午好 !
the typical lijiang spruce forest is hardly to see in the lashihai region because of the human's impact on it .	由于人类对人类影响 , 林江空间林的影响 , 典型的林江空间林几乎难看到拉希海地区 。
in fact , burros in the wild are related to pack animals that ran away or were freed by gold miners and others .	事实上 , 野生中烧伤与野生的动物相关 , 远离或是由黄金矿和其他人逃离 。
archeologists surmise that the gardens were laid out atop a vaulted building , with provisions for raising water .	考古学家们确信花园被放弃了一个豪华的建筑 , 为提高水的规定 。
will the arctic be a 21st century sarajevo , triggering a major war over energy resources ?	北极将是21世纪的萨拉杰夫 , 在能源资源上触发一个主要战争 ?
yueyue’s unexpected death has revived a fierce international debate over good samaritan laws .	岳岳岳岳的未期望死亡已获得了一场激烈的国际争论 。
the principle , manufacture and application of periodically poled lithium niobate are introduced in detail .	详细介绍了周期极锂的原理、制造及应用 。
overcome by grief and dementia , leoric had many of the townsfolk executed for the crime of high treason .	克服了格里斯和德里亚的克服 , 李利亚有许多城镇民间在高原因犯罪中执行 。
result the membrane filtration avoided interference of media by using isopropyl myristate as solvent .	结果膜过滤避免使用isopropyl神经作为溶剂干扰介质介质的干扰 。
in1893 , at the age of 27 , he reports on an illumination method he has devised for photomicrography .	在1893岁的时代 , 他报道了一个照明方法 。
thereby the significance of these poems to her was made very clear , and readers may benefit from her experiences .	因此 , 这些诗的意义很清楚 , 读者可以从她的经历中获益 。
the making home affordable program aims to prevent up to 4 , 000 , 000foreclosureforeclosures .	制作家庭可福的计划目的是防止4000000000公斤的幸福 。
in fact , gaseous velocity and pressure in a cross section change in radial and circumferential direction .	事实上 , 在雷射和环境方向下 , 气速和压力在交叉截面变化中的变化 。
therefore , if you spend 2 hours in classroom training and evaluation , each student would earn 0 . 2 ceu .	因此 , 如果你在教室培训和评估中花了2小时 , 每个学生都会赚0.2英元 。
accurate dft studies of the static dipole polarizabilities of anthracene and phenanthrene were reported .	报道了安东兰和苯乙烯静极极极性的测定方法 。
next he put eggs in a pan of water on the stove . eggsalad sandwiches were bear's favorite .	接下来他把鸡蛋放在炉上 。 鸡蛋沙拉三明治是熊最喜欢的 。
the results show that the large margin is obtained in guangdong nuclear power plant with 18months fuel cycle .	结果表明 , 广东核电厂的大边缘是18个月的燃料周期 。
in laboratory tests , they found that a lectin called banlec was as potent as two current hiv drugs .	在实验室测试中 , 他们发现一个叫做banblec的柠檬素作为两种艾滋病毒 。
the 400 im not only requires strength and speed in all four strokes , but also tremendous endurance .	第400个im不仅需要强度和速度在四个条纹中 , 而且还需要巨大的耐力 。
" when the exslave has fixed his thumbprint to this public document , " pandit says , " they can't go back .	潘德说: " 当解释者把他的拇指固定到这个公共文件中 , 就不能回来 。 "
everybody can see that he is a class player . he is so different . i cannot find any other striker that looks like him or plays like him .	每个人都可以看到他是班球员 , 他很不同 , 我不能找到其他的前锋 , 像他一样玩 。
the researchers said their findings could also apply to those who claim they rely on a morning cup of tea to get their brains going。	研究人员表示 , 他们的发现也可以适用于那些声称他们依赖早晨茶取得他们的大脑 。
" look no one's going to come and give you food or water , " said the man . " god will provide for me , " was the only answer .	" 看没有人会来 , 给你吃或水 , " 上帝给我说 , " 是唯一的答案 。
overeating won't increase your depression , but gaining weight will . you need to fit into your job interview suit .	过度吃不会增加你的抑郁 , 但获得重量将 。 你需要适合你的工作采访 。
after the iss got the internet , he started posting twitpics from space , earning a loyal following .	经过互联网之后 , 他开始从空间发布twitpics , 获得忠实的跟踪 。
ah mui also said , on the other day she just wanted to say what she thinks about the whole thing , without any intention to fight .	ahmui还说 , 另一天她只是想说她对整个事情的想法 , 没有任何意思来战斗 。
materials and methods: the model of transplanted tumor was made by vaccination of hepatoma h22 in the right axilla .	材料和方法:采用右轴h22例肝瘤疫苗移植肿瘤模型 。
at least i got the senate to pass it late , so i could veto it after they went home and they couldn’t override it .	至少我得到了参议院传递它 , 所以在家之后我就可以把它放在这里 , 他们不能忽略它 。
in this paper , we determined and compared the strength limits of mandible , ilium , skull and rib .	本文确定并比较了人性、ilium、skull和rib强度限制 。
koth's species has been established as a zabrak , making him of the same alien species as the deadly darth maul .	科瑟的物种被建立为一个扎布拉克 , 使他成为死亡的黑色马尔 。
with the extensive use of the hv ic , the design of hlv compatible integrated circuits have become more and more important .	随着hvic的广泛使用 , hlv兼容电路的设计越来越重要 。
dam type power device: to be mainly fixed on the shore for providing electric power to factories , houses and others on shore .	大坝型电力设备:主要固定在海岸上 , 为海岸提供电力 。
the 21yearold denmark international is widely regarded as one of the brightest defensive prospects in europe .	这位21岁的丹麦国际人民广泛被视为欧洲最亮的防御前景之一 。
the women , who were a median age of 35 years old at diagnosis , were observed for 17 , 408 personyears .	女性是35岁的男性 , 被观察到17 , 408个人 。
the midfielder's departure from bayern munich has already been confirmed and he will be leaving on a bosman transfer .	拜仁慕尼奇中场的离开已经证实了 , 他将在老板转会上留下 。
fascinating creatures , phoenixes . they can carry immensely heavy loads . their tears have healing powers .	刺激生物 , 凤凰 , 它们可以立即携带重荷载 。 他们的泪水有健康的力量 。
in such a case , the organization could use a simple progress checklist to exercise control over the mechanisms and initiatives .	在这样的情况下 , 该组织可以使用简单的进展检查员来运行机制和倡议 。
handcrafted in england of wood and fiberglass , the oval shaped interior measures just over 6 ft . in diameter .	手工在英格兰木材和纤维玻璃手工 , 卵巢形成的内部措施只超过6英尺 。
knowledge capital is the generic name of all invisible capitals in hospital at era of knowledgedriven economy .	知识资本是知识驱动经济时代医院所有可见资本的通名 。
the royal melbourne philharmonic has many reasons to celebrate . and it shared the celebration with the audience .	皇家梅尔本哲学有很多理由庆祝庆祝 , 它与观众共享庆祝庆祝 。
in the uae , shah rukh has endorsed du , the country's second telecom operator other than etisalat .	在美国 , 沙鲁克已经忍受了杜 , 其他的第二个电信运营商比埃塞拉特 。
the forwardosmosis membranes only release fresh water into the ocean , and don't permit salty water to contaminate the bags .	前茅斯膜只释放新鲜水到海洋 , 不允许盐水污染袋 。
we would have welcomed more help from our city council – that never ­happened , which is why we pursued kirkby .	我们将欢迎来自我们的城市委员会的更多帮助-那从未发生 , 这就是为什么我们追求kirkby的原因 。
say you've got a limited wage budget and a maximum of 5k a week , yet the player you want is demanding 7k .	说你已经有限的工资预算和一个星期最大5公斤 , 但是你想要的玩家7k 。
bloodsurge: now has a chance to trigger from any hit with heroic strike , bloodthirst , or whirlwind .	血液保险:现在有机会来自英雄袭击、第三个血液或whirwind 。
an efficient numerical method is proposed for calculation of the first crossing reliability of non stationary process linear combination .	针对非静态过程线性结合的第一交叉可靠性进行有效数值计算 。
as regard to marketing channels , the project shall adopt the authorized sales agent model to improve efficiency .	作为市场营销渠道 , 项目应采取授权销售代理模型来提高效率 。
some farmers fear , however , that crosspollination could create lowerquality hybrid plants and lead to economic losses .	然而 , 一些农民担心 , 跨坡可以创造低质量混合厂 , 导致经济损失 。
the researchers learned that feathers of different shapes and sizes resulted in different frequencies with different harmonic structures .	研究人员学习不同形状和尺寸导致不同谐波结构不同频率的羽毛 。
objective to study the effect of retrograde intramedullary nail for the supracondylar and intercondylar fracture of the distal femur .	目的探讨回顾性内膜内钉对远程胎的悬架与间盘骨折的影响 。
the tool is fitted with a progressive throttle action , which allows a low speed with a small throttle opening .	工具配合一个进展的喉咙动作 , 使得低速开关 。
the pid control adopted the location algorithm , and restricted the extent of control quantity and integral increase quantity .	pd控制采用位置算法 , 限制控制量和整合量的程度 。
pseudophase liquid chromatographyfor the separation of ionizable and strong polar organic compounds was developed .	研制了可离子和强极有机化合物的伪相液相色谱法 。
mercure suzhou park hotel & suites is the ideal choice for your meeting or social occasion in suzhou .	苏州公园酒店和套房是苏州会议或社会场所的理想选择 。
the anatomic characteristics of the anterior communicating arterial fenestration were observed under the operating microscope .	运行微镜观察前通信动脉通信的解剖特征 。
scissor cuts a flower to want to use sharp knife , need not shears , with early morning or dusk advisable .	扫描器切割花 , 想使用尖锐的刀 , 不需要剪切 , 早晨或鸭子可建议 。
in procedure aspect , argumentation from coherence needs an equal debate and dialogue among judge , party and other attendee .	在程序方面 , 共同的争论需要平等的辩论和对话 , 党和其他参与 。
forget about spending christmas eve watching a movie alone or the holiday vacation reading a 1200page book .	忘记独自看电影或假日假期读一本1200页的书 。
terry lundgren is chief executive of macy's , the company that owns macy's and bloomingdales department store .	特里·lundgren是马西的首席执行官 , 公司拥有马西和布鲁明达尔公司 。
very possibly , whatever surprises you will occur in a group situation like a class , conference , convention or meeting .	很可能 , 无论你会出现在一个类、会议、会议、会议或会议中 , 你会感到惊讶 。
we generally trust our capacity to manage ourselves , but we do not trust the capacity of others to manage themselves .	我们通常相信自己的能力 , 但是我们不信他人管理自己的能力 。
vietnamese deputy foreign minister pham binh minh calls the talks , which ended monday , productive .	越南外交部长phinhminh称 , 周一结束 , 生产力 。
invoke loud you heart trouble ... follow the rhythm ... zedoary their hair together nerve ... !	呼唤你心中麻烦...随着节奏...把头发一起...
the key points of the operation and the stripping methods and effects of the defective chromium deposit were introduced .	介绍了缺铬沉积的运行和剥削方法和效果 。
if modulus matches the sign of the denominator , then the result of division truncates toward minus infinity .	如果模块匹配声明器的标志 , 那么分部的无限性结果就会导致分裂 。
objective to study the effect of nasolacrimal duct reconstruction for refractory congenital dacryocystitis with ktp laser .	目的探讨鼻腔导管重建对ktp激光患者的折射先天性胆囊炎的影响 。
you have a single messaging engine that gets created automatically when you add the cluster as a member of the si bus .	你有一个单个消息引擎 , 当你添加sibus的集群成员时 , 就会自动创建 。
a flat surface will block the wind flow and also create a dead water region to trap the bug before it is squashed .	平面的平面将阻挡风流 , 同时也会创造死水区 , 然后在它正方方向之前 , 将该区域陷入困境 。
the report finds the united states continued to be the main country of destination for asylum seekers of all nationalities in 2008 .	报告发现 , 美国继续成为2008年所有国家的亚洲寻求者的主要国家目的地 。
any number of response text documents can have their rich or plain text body field appended to an email message .	任何响应文本文档都可以有他们的丰富或平原文本字段 , 适用于电子邮件消息 。
murrieta boasts an educated , highincome population comparable to communities in san diego and orange counties .	穆里利亚强调教育 , 高收入的人口比桑迪戈和橙色国家的社区 。
the panel is a nonvoting one , but even fda advisory panels which don't vote are still reviewed by the agency .	潘纳尔是一个非投票者 , 但即使fda建议板仍然被机构审查 。
under the market condition that has formed 10 years afore and experience , can more companies are joined , will build an industry chain .	在已成立10年的市场条件下 , 可以加入更多的公司 , 将建立行业链 。
" you need a cut to force the institution to make changes to the system , " says berkson , who coordinated the budget deliberations .	伯克逊说: " 你需要削减制度来使制度变化为系统 。 "
journalists learned that the previous inspection , guicheng has ordered two " five noes " in the construction of the plant work .	记者们学习以前的检查 , 贵正在工厂工程建设上订了两个 " 五笔记 " 。
he's the author of perfumes: the guide , and the subject of chandler burr's 2003 book the emperor of scent .	他是《香水》的作者:指导、《查德勒·伯尔2003年》的主题 。
aibullet television ltd is a integrated video production , market research , planning , design and delivery of integrated services company .	aibullet电视有限公司是一家集成的视频生产、市场研究、设计和交付集成服务公司 。
to provide customers with high quality fashion products , and do a good job for every one thing ' is used to one style of qadir .	为了提供高质量的时尚产品的客户提供优质的工作 , 为每个人所使用的一款qadir 。
because of the common offset working mode of gpr , there are large amount of horizontal coherent noise in the gpr record .	由于gpr常见的离散工作模式 , gpr记录中有大量的水平相干噪声 。
what does the new science tell us about how corina's 28yearold brain produced corina's 28yearold mind ?	新科学告诉我们 , 科林纳28岁的大脑是怎样生产的 ?
we went to the seaside , the same blue sea and sky , on the beach sundrenched , is piece very enjoy it .	我们走到海边 , 同样蓝海和天空在海滩上 , 很享受它 。
sagittarians are positive people ; they have a bright outlook on life , are enterprising , full of energy and vitality .	圣塔利亚人是积极的人 ; 他们对生活有着明亮的探索 , 是企业 , 充满能源和活力 。
in general , wastes do not have or exhibit an intrinsic hazard of infectiousness , except in very specific cases .	一般来说 , 废物不存在或展示感染的内在危险 , 除了非常具体的病例外 , 外 , 外 , 废物不存在或展示感染的内在危险 。
but nothing of the kind happens . instead , the arpeggios evolve through a succession of gently unexpected harmonies .	不过 , 没有什么事情发生 。 相反 , 阿帕格奥斯进化了一个温柔的和谐的成功 。
objective:to study the content of tyrosinase in the blood and hemorrheology in vitiligo animal pathological pattern .	目的:探讨乙型酶在维生动物病理模式下血液和血液学含量 。
all jcss gases are assigned their values using gravimetric standard gases analyzed by the government agency .	所有的jcss气体都分配了利用政府机构分析的重力标准气体的价值 。
this step , however , is the one that has caused the most intense frustration in prebiotic chemistry research for the past several decades .	然而 , 这个步骤是过去几十年前生物化学研究中最强烈的挫败 。
each contestant was given a towel to sit on and to cover themselves when naked , but only after they had stripped completely .	每个比赛者都坐在塔上 , 把自己覆盖在钉子的时候 , 但只有在完全被打击之后才能完全覆盖 。
it provides a single and complete view of customers , partners , products , and business through data warehouses or federation .	它提供了一个单一和完整的客户、合作伙伴、产品和经过数据仓库或联邦的业务 。
a company may sometimes resort to selling at a loss in order to force its rivals into bankruptcy , and then dominate the market .	一家公司可能有时会在亏损中销售 , 以迫使它的竞争变成破产 , 然后主导市场 。
normally when using git , you can assume that your repository is a little bit behind what is located on kernel . org .	通常在使用git时 , 您可以假设您的存储库是位于内核 。
now our electricity , phone , insurance and cable bills are automatically withdrawn from our account each month .	现在我们的电话 , 电话 , 保险 , 电缆账户每月自动排除 。
thus he tried to alter and abolish the unequal treaties , limited and cancelled western powers' privilege in china ;	因此 , 他试图改变不平等的条约 , 限制西方权力的特权 ;
if i focus the rays of sun with a burning glass , even in the coldest days of winter , i can kindle a fire with ease .	如果我把阳光放在一个烧烤玻璃上 , 甚至在冬天最寒冷的日子里 , 我就可以轻松的火 。
the government should take appropriate policies to assure these western enterprises' leading status in the technological innovation .	政府应采取适当的政策来确保这些西方企业在技术创新领先地位 。
therefore , if god sees us through the eyes of his beloved son , then we ought to start seeing ourselves through jesus as well .	因此 , 如果上帝看到我们穿过他爱的儿子的眼睛 , 那么我们也应该通过耶稣来看自己 。
but to a broadminded one , difference means richness in colors and postures and diversity embodies unity and harmony .	但是对于一个广泛的领导者来说 , 不同意味着颜色和姿势和多样性体现统一和谐的丰富 。
creative industries and nonwoven bag close economic ties , its nonwoven bag huge impetus to the development of industry .	创造性产业和非创造性的袋密切经济关系 , 其非wowog袋对工业发展具有巨大的影响 。
this paper generalizes the characteristics of studies of lu xu in china this year and reveals the treads of future studies .	本论文介绍了今年我国鲁旭研究的特点 , 揭示了未来研究的趋势 。
the first rule of camping is to keep a clean camp site . you can't leave anything which bears might think is food .	营地的第一条规则是保持清洁营地点 , 你不能留任何东西 , 可能认为是食物 。
it makes it possible to reach oil deposits that can't be reached vertically like those under a town or a lake .	它使得在一个城镇或湖下不能达到油存 。
it's the first time to report that network externalities is one of the import influence factor to imcl , and it's proved .	第一次报告网络外部性是imcl的重要影响因素之一 。
security was tight because of a new terrorist threat . streets were closed . police lined the sidewalks .	安全由于新恐怖分子威胁紧密 , 街道被关闭 。 警察线路 。
'i think it's great to see a dynamic woman in politics , ' said ryoko okamoto , 34 , an interpreter .	" 我认为在政治上看到一个动态女性很好 , " 34岁的解释家说 。
air france industries will begin installing the enhancements at its le bourget airport facility near paris in 2012 .	法国航空工业将于2012年在巴黎附近的黎堡机场设施安装增强 。
the public media places " benshan culture " into a new circumstance , and provides the opportunity for its further development .	公共媒体地位 " 本山文化 " 成为新的环境 , 为其进一步发展提供了机会 。
because high us interest rates tend to cause the dollar to appreciate , they are likely to make an already large trade deficit larger .	由于美国利率往往导致美元欣赏 , 所以他们可能做出更大的贸易赤字 。
the type of conduction had been widely used in electronic tubes of radio , television and many other modern devices .	电视、电视和许多其他现代设备中广泛应用 。
in the serene riverside town , the pace of life is entirely subject to the gentle flow of the tinkling streams .	在塞尔尼河镇 , 生活的过程完全受到潮流的温柔流动 。
in june , a group of suicide bombers and gunmen launched a deadly attack on the luxury intercontinental hotel .	六月份 , 一群自杀炸弹和枪手在奢华大陆酒店发起了死亡的袭击 。
if the object were indeed a flying saucer , recovering it could potentially be worth millions or billions of dollars .	如果物体确实是一名飞行帆船员 , 恢复它可能是价值百万美元的 。
dna mobility is related to its charge and the average size of the fragment as it twists and tumbles through the gel .	dna移动与它的电荷和平均尺寸相关 , 因为它可以通过凝胶进行扭曲和扭曲 。
the contents of cichoric acid in introducing plant of echinacea purpurea in china were assayed by hplc .	采用hplc法对我国甘草紫外植物的磷酸含量进行了分析 。
mr . thomas is making a long distance call . please wait for a few minutes . would you like some coffee or tea ?	托马斯先生正在进行长距离调用 。 请等几分钟 。 你喜欢咖啡还是茶吗 ?
the two to three founders saying that each of them owns x amount of newco and assigning all of their ip related to this venture to newco .	两到三个创始人说每个人都拥有x量的新co , 并分配所有的ip与新科相关的ip相关 。
by appreciating and analyzing some compositions , we can rationally ponder upon chinese modern oil painting’s present situation .	通过欣赏和分析一些作品 , 我们可以合理地对中国现代油画现状进行分析 。
when general leclerc called them traitors and said: " how could you , the french , wear someone else's uniform ? "	当一般的讲话叫他们的特征者时 , 说: " 你怎么样 , 法国人穿着别人的统一吗 ? "
research on the effect of laser igniting characteristics caused by doping graphite into b/kno3 with photoacoustic detection method .	研究了利用光学检测法引起激光对b/kno3激光辐射特性的影响 。
the contribution of platelets to hyperacute rejection of both allografts and xenografts is well recognized .	认识到双移和xen图的高精度拒绝的贡献是很好的 。
in hong kong , it has only been recorded in sunset peak ; the locality is within country parks under protection .	在香港 , 它只记录在阳光高峰 ; 地方是在保护下的国家公园 。
children's songs play an important part in children's education not to be replaced by other forms of poetry .	儿童歌在儿童教育中起着重要作用 , 不要替换其他形式的诗歌 。
what a vivid picture! just as the picture depicts, there are so many things or desires that the man has to bear or to seek .	一个vivivivivivis图片 ! 就像图片描述一样 , 有很多人必须承受或寻找的东西 。
the report also predicts that continuing instability in the middle east will probably keep pushing prices up into the spring .	报告还预计 , 中东继续不稳定性的报告可能会把价格推到春天 。
another factor intel mentioned: companies building out on the backend to take advantage of socalled cloud computing .	另一个因素intel提到:公司在后端建立了所谓云计算的优势 。
based on the analysis of the development trend of transportation statistics , this paper puts forward " transportation accounts " concept .	根据交通统计的发展趋势 , 提出 " 交通帐户 " 概念 。
not only students but also teachers were inspired by the news that wang leqing was admitted to qinghua university .	不仅是学生 , 还有老师被王李青承认青华大学的新闻激励 。
this financial support allows the society to continue to grow its standards programs and fund future initiatives .	这项金融支持允许社会继续增长其标准计划和未来的倡议 。
damage model was built based on the rules of projectile dispersion and the principle of armourpiercing mechanics .	根据工程分散规则建立了损伤模型 , 建立了armourpic机械的原理 。
our " slot " system gives you several choices where to place decorative objects on surfaces , such as tables and dressers .	我们的 " 槽 " 系统给你几个选择在表面上放置装饰物体 , 比如桌子和衣服 。
the cradle towers of zhengzhou will comprise of five mixeduse towers swooping out of a ringshaped podium .	浙州的船工塔将包括五个混合塔 , 由环形弹道开关 。
you may recall that back in 2006 in the great hall of the people , the beijing summit of the forum on chinaafrica cooperation was held .	你可能回忆到2006年的大厅内 , 北非合作论坛的峰会被举行 。
perhaps most importantly , visiting judges have the opportunity to speak oneonone with u . s . judges .	也许最重要的是 , 访问法官有机会与美国法官讲一个人 。
note the luteinized cells forming the inner cyst lining at the left with adjacent surrounding theca cells .	注意在左侧周围周围周围的内囊肿清单形成的润滑细胞 。
blood viscosity , plasma viscosity , erythrocyte deformed index , fibrinogen and plt were decreased .	血粘度、血浆粘度、红细胞变形指数、纤维原和plt均降低 。
current coreos linux users can take advantage of a cloudnative platform to reach one of the world's largest markets .	目前的coreoslinux用户可以采取云化平台来达到世界上最大的市场的优势 。
with the computer and the database technology applied in the clothing industry , clothing mtm developed rapidly .	随着计算机和数据库技术在服装行业中应用 , 服装mtm快速发展 。
the personal data collected will be treated as strictly confidential and will be used only for receipting and other communication with you .	个人数据收集的是严格的信心 , 只能用来接收和其他通信 。
each of the pen heads is separately matched with one of two caps . the liquid tube is arranged in the penstock .	每个笔头都与两个帽子相匹配 , 液管在笔托克被安排 。
from the above it has been proved that the lifetable method is practical and efficient in forecasting the supply of the mch manpower .	从上述结果证明 , 可生命的方法是预测mch人力供应的实用和有效性 。
learn how to improvise when crocheting a scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .	了解如何在这个自由切割课程的时候 , 如何从经验的慢性艺术家到处 。
walmart also announced the resignation of clara wong , its senior vice president for human resources in china .	沃尔玛还宣布 , 中国人力资源的高级副总统 。
due to its mild microclimate , graz is a city of lush parks with an almost mediterranean flair .	由于它的小型微气候变化 , 格拉兹是一座有几乎中世纪的罗什公园 。
you sneeze because you've got all these germs inside you and your body wants to get the germs out , so you sneeze .	因此你在你的内部都有这些germs , 你的身体希望得到germs出来 , 所以你就在sneeze 。
this is useful for adding extra information to portions within the block that are of interest , especially if the maps are shared between developers .	这是为了在开发者之间共享的地图 , 添加额外的信息 , 尤其是如果开发者之间的地图 。
those colors should be incorporated into your website in some way , even if it’s just in the header image or as accent colors .	这些颜色应该在某些方面合并到你的网站上 , 即使它只是在头部图像或像中心颜色 。
another reality is that if the us is unable to expand its exports , pressure will grow to restrict its imports , instead .	另一个现实是 , 如果美国不能扩大出口的话 , 压力会增长进口 , 相反 。
for maximum safety , do not touch the product , test cables , or any other instruments while power is applied to the circuit under test .	为了最大安全 , 不要触摸产品、测试电缆或任何其他仪器在测试下应用于电路 。
much of buffett's wisdom stems from this one investment trait: when you don't know what to do , don't do anything .	许多巴菲特的智慧干扰从这个投资特性上说:当你不知道什么时候 , 不要做任何东西 。
i was also glad that roger and mother hadn’t let themselves get too hurt by whites bringing up roger’s drug problem .	我也很高兴 , 罗杰和母亲没有让自己受到太多伤害 , 白人带来了罗杰的药物问题 。
the trick is to constantly selfevaluate and selfimprove by not just improving their productivity but also improving their ways of working .	这种努力是不断的自我评价和自我提高自己的生产力 , 同时也提高了他们的工作方式 。
we certainly welcome oem items to meet the needs of different customer , and we guarantee our quality and punctuality .	我们肯定欢迎奥运项目满足不同客户的需求 , 保证我们的质量和惩罚 。
" tony is cheerful and friendly , " one report stated . " his detention in hospital is preventing deterioration of his condition . "	一份报告说: " 托尼是很好的和友好的 , " 一位医院的拘留是预防他的条件 。 "
in 1954 , there were only a dozen armed robberies in london but , by the 1990s , there were more than a hundred times as many .	1954年 , 伦敦只有数十个武装机器 , 但到1990年代 , 已经有超过百次 。
" what they also did is showed me a picture of murmansk at the end of world war ii , and it was an aerial photograph , " he says .	他说: " 他们也在世界大战二战结束的时候展示了我一张摄影的图片 。 "
this did not occur in a control group of volunteers who were trained in the morning and retested in the evening , with no sleep in between .	这并没有发生在昨晚训练的志愿者的控制组中 , 没有睡觉 。
exoffenders have gotten particular attention for their efforts to stop gang violence and work with troubled teenagers .	外国人对青少年的努力特别关注他们的努力阻止暴力和工作 。
it is better to distribute obfuscated version of your web content and to keep your original source code for yourself .	它更好地分布阻塞您的网络内容的web内容并保持原始源代码 。
the war in iraq , katrina , and the wall street collapse were the three nails in the coffin of the age of reagan .	伊拉克、卡塔里娜和华尔街崩溃是雷根时代的三条钉子 。
that won an immediate laugh from the cast and crew on the first take , but enthusiasm waned after the first few hearings .	那么第一次获得了一个立即笑的笑话 , 但在第一次听到之后 , 热情却在几个时候听到了 。
rediscovered from the bottom of that dirtladen heap , it was able to see the light , still in good state . it was such a relief !	来自那个肮脏的堆底恢复过来 , 它能看到光 , 仍然处于良好的状态 , 它是这样的救济 !
my father is center my mother is left forward my sister is right forward my wife is right guard and my brother is left forward .	我的父亲是我母亲离开我的姐姐右边是正确的守卫 , 我的弟弟正向前走 。
it is nice to look back and see what we have done together , aware that we are part of a story that is without equal and is ongoing .	这是很好的回顾 , 看我们一起做的事情 , 意识到我们是不等的一部分 , 正在前面 。
angry with himself , obiwan piloted the speeder up the mountain toward dooku's villa at maximum speed .	随着自己的愤怒 , 奥巴万飞行速度在最大速度上升到多乌的维拉 。
we are testing the contents of physical performance can achieve national norms , all the indicators this was our request .	我们正在测试物理性能的内容可以实现国家规范 , 这是我们的要求 。
mebazaa has assembled an interim coalition government and claims that new elections will be held in the coming months .	梅巴萨已经组装了一个国际联盟政府并声称新选举将在未来几个月举行 。
wartime commemorations come round so often that the 70th anniversary of the siege of leningrad may seem unremarkable .	温暖的记忆常来回周围 , 所以经常70周年的莱宁拉德可能看起来不明显 。
count it , if you had above three among those , so congratulations you , you have already become lechery woman of one row .	数字 , 如果你上三个人 , 所以祝贺你 , 你已经成为一行的莱切女人 。
biemang , dug a fire burned the hell you are in an unenviable position , digging as soon as possible to add water .	双阳 , 灰尘燃烧你在一个不可行的地方 , 很快就会加水 。
rockfall , a tiny community 20 miles south of hartford , is part of the town of middlefield , conn .	罗克瀑布 , 一个微小的社区20英里的哈特福德南部 , 是康涅的中场城镇 。
that will again be a friday but it will be at nine o'clock and he will be here so i think that will be a lot of fun also .	这将再星期五再次成为一个星期五 , 但这将是九点钟 , 他会在这里 , 所以我认为这将是很多乐趣 。
we're not sure of the unusual 'stone' finish in place of the usual wood grain , however this is purely subjective .	我们不确定普通木谷的不寻常的 " 稳定 " 完成 , 但这是纯粹主观的 。
the retroactivity of construction of law refers to if the new construction of law can apply to the past event and behaviour .	法律建设的反应是否可以适用于过去事件和行为的新建设 。
but if you slow down and think about your attention , you'll agree that answering email while browsing the web is impossible .	但是如果你慢慢地思考你的注意力 , 你会同意在浏览网络时回答电子邮件 。
most of the protesters are said to be in the capital , mbabane , and are unable to get to manzini , a 45minute drive away .	大多数的抗议者都在首都mbane , 而且不能去曼子 , 45分钟的车离开 。
evenings were spent at the theatre . this ballet told the story of the triumphant building of a hydroelectric dam .	晚上在剧场上花了 , 这个球对水电坝的水电大坝的水电大坝的故事告诉说 。
i like to use this tactic in lowkey situations , like grocery stores , coffee shops , book stores , etc .	我喜欢在低键情况下使用这个策略 , 比如杂货店、咖啡店、书店等 。
following a small shan told reporters that he is on time every morning get up at 5 , the first thing is to help mothers understand toilet .	接着一个小山的记者告诉记者 , 他每天早上5点起床 , 第一件事就是帮妈们理解厕所 。
for decades , who has had a strong presence in endemic countries , working shouldertoshoulder with local health officials .	几十年来 , 世卫组织在内部国家拥有强烈的存在 , 与当地卫生官员工作肩膀 。
aduh: that movie cat in the hat even shows our legislators fighting on tv . sheesh ! what a loss of face .	阿杜:那部电影猫甚至在帽子里显示了我们的立法人在电视上战斗 。
there is a wide variation in the amount of these cnv deletions which people have in their genome , with some people having several million .	这些cnv删除的数量有很大的变化 , 有些人拥有数百万人 。
“with a low cost of living and big texascharm , bachelors are sure to find love in this city ! ” rent . com says .	" 生活成本低廉 , 大型纺织品 , 巴克尔斯肯定在这个城市找到爱 ! " 租户说 。
poweridea sparks believes openness is the single most important quality a resource integrator must have .	权力主义者认为开放性是资源集成者必须有的一个重要质量 。
fungizone intravenous in powder form should be stored in the refrigerator , protected against exposure to light .	粉末形式中的真菌感染应储存在冰箱里 , 保护防止暴露光 。
the semifloating layered burner is provided with a wind blowing coal device and a coal granule screening device .	采用风吹煤设备和煤颗粒屏幕设备提供了半开发层燃烧器 。
the fgets , fgetss , fread , fscanf , and fclose functions also return false on error .	fgets , fgets、fread、fscanf和flose函数也返回错误的错误 。
the camera includes a stereoscopic imaging part , a stereoscopic vision information processing part and a motor drive part .	摄像机包括一部稳定的视觉信息处理部分 , 一个稳定的视觉信息处理部分和汽车部件 。
metabolic flux analysis plays an important role in guiding the genetic manipulation in metabolic engineering .	代谢流体分析对代谢工程中的遗传管理具有重要作用 。
the kinds of approximations needed to , for example , simulate a firestorm , were in the past computationally intractable .	例如 , 在过去计算中 , 需要的类似需要的情况下 , 模拟了一种消防器 。
displays a list of all of the names of columns in this database that have unique singlecolumn indexes .	在这个数据库中显示所有列表的列表 , 这些列表都有独特的单柱索引 。
as we geophysicists all know , the definite difference method is a numerical method widely used in geophysics .	地球物理学家都知道 , 地球物理学的定义差异是一种广泛应用于地球物理学的数值方法 。
new york new signs of surging corporate profits led to early gains in the stock market tuesday .	纽约新迹象周二引发股市早期收益 。
to formulate work plans for dispatching representatives of state stock ownership to the state holding and jointstock corporations .	为了制定国有股权主体的工作计划 , 建立国有股权和联合股份公司的工作计划 。
conclusion:il 4 of tibet pig was successfully cloned from the lymphocyte after stimulating 70 h with cona .	结论:在刺激70hh大鼠淋巴细胞后 , 乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型乙型
the invention relates to a traction rectification reduction bed with a tiltable former section a tiltable latter section .	本发明涉及一种牵引修复床 , 带有可倾斜的前段 。
other whole bovine skin leather , without hair on , of a unit surface area not exceeding 28 square feet	其他全身的bovine皮革 , 没有头发 , 单位面积不超过28平方英尺的28平方英尺 。
memory is a runaway rivers , and we are waiting for the pewww . qq3721 . comople on both sides .	记忆是一条跑道河 , 我们正等着彼得 。 q3721 。
many dance studios offer special firsttimer promotions that allow newbies to take classes for under $10 , sometimes for free .	许多舞蹈工作室提供特殊的第一次推广 , 允许新闻在10美元内采取课 。
objective to assess the sensory recovery in denervated wound surface covered with thick spilt skin graft .	目的评价厚毛细皮移植的神经损伤表面的感觉恢复 。
currently , the effective tax rate of mineral enterprises is lower 1526 percent than that of the nonmineral enterprises .	目前矿产企业有效税率低于非矿产企业的1526% 。
in most species of social insects , such as wasps , bees , and ants , the females rule . the females are the workers .	在大多数的社会昆虫中 , 比如垃圾、蜂蜜和蚂蚁 , 女性是工人 。
the characteristics of the short circuited fault in low voltage system are studied by means of simulation and experiment .	采用模拟和实验研究了低电压系统短路故障的特点 。
after inserting the contact into the table , the database returned the value of the id column of the row just inserted .	插入接触后 , 数据库返回了行id列的id列值 。
for example , french impressionism or german expressionism , each has its own unique creative ideas and techniques .	例如 , 法国印象主义或德国表达主义都有自己独特的创造性思想和技术 。
it comes to a conclusion that the energy comsumption is decreased by applying mentioned methods in summer and winter .	结论夏季和冬季提到的能源消耗是降低的 。
conclusion no resistance to brodifacoum was tested in r . flavipectus . brodifacoum can be used for rats control .	结论无法测定膀胱炎的耐药性 , 可用于大鼠控制 。
the meng age lady starts apt query a key question , " that he does this a batch of maneuvers do many and greatly ? "	孟时代女士开始了一个关键问题 , " 他做了这批制造商做很多并且很大 ? "
sam 'spike' witwicky: gentlemen... let me introduce you to my friend: optimus prime !	萨姆 " 智慧 " :绅士...让我向朋友介绍你:最优先 !
yuxian northerly location , the department of taihang mountain top , is a temperate continental climate .	北方位置 , 台山顶部 , 是一座温度大陆气候 。
only in exceptional circumstances dandy may allow client to revoke or amend the relevant instruction or order .	例外情况下 , 只有在例外情况下 , 可以允许客户重新启用或修改相关指令秩序 。
normal circumstances , and macular between the choroid , an extremely thin protection of the organization .	正常情况 , 和宏观之间 , 极薄的组织保护 。
have a professional designer of a variety of design styles for you to create , with years of experience in the construction team .	专业设计师为您创建各种设计方式 , 经验丰富的建筑团队 。
but the real advantage to lambdas is when you create functions on the fly and no variable reference is required . for example	但是 , 当你在飞行上创建功能并没有变量参考的时候 , 对于lambdas的真正优势 。
to find the people , old friends and relatives free search tool people , including 411 white " pages . "	为了找到人们、老朋友和亲戚自由搜索工具的人 , 包括41页 。
this design , a variant on the double armchair style and just as lightly padded , was shortlived in france .	这种设计 , 双臂风格的变化 , 就像法国的轻型一样 , 短暂地在法国 。
if you benchpressed 100 pounds this week , for example , then next week you should try doing 105 pounds .	例如 , 下周你应该做105磅 。
well , the conception of the universe that was widespread among ancient peoples is one that you're probably familiar with .	嗯 , 宇宙的概念在古代人民广泛广泛传播是你可能熟悉的 。
the discoloring process in normal pectin production can be left out . the products possess high yield and qualified quality .	正常pctin生产的分离过程可离开 , 产品具有较高的产量和质量 。
conclusion the key to improve the accuracy of atypical meningioma ct diagnosis is to locate the tumor .	结论提高原发性脑膜ctctct诊断精度的关键是定位肿瘤 。
the whole work will be completed within two years , drafts of almost all of the manuscripts being on hand and under revision now .	整个工作将在两年内完成 , 几乎所有的作品都在手下进行修订 。
the ekf algorithm is adopted to solve the nonlinear measurement function with radome slope interference .	采用ekf算法来解决雷射坡干扰非线性测量函数 。
in india , it is the corporations that are building giant coalbased power plants which are major climate polluters .	在印度 , 是建立大型煤炭电站的公司 , 主要是气候污染物 。
if you have covered induction at all and looked at meller's approach to induction i mentioned it last time very briefly .	如果你已经覆盖的诱导 , 看梅勒最后一次提到了我最后提到的方法 。
an old farmer planted the seeds he bought from the market , autumn came and no harvest , for the seeds are fake .	一个老农民种植了他从市场里买的种子 , 秋天没收获 , 因为种子是假的 。
the company’s overall gross profit margin grew to 36 . 3 percent , from 34 . 8 percent in the yearago quarter .	公司总体收益率为36.3% , 年同期34.8% 。
of 186 liver transplant patients receiving sirolimus , 4 developed pneumonitis that was attributed to the drug ;	在1866例肝移植患者接受无胆固醇 , 4例发育的肺炎属于药物 ;
" being a parent means being mature enough to help a child adapt to disappointment , " achenbach says .	" 父母意味着成熟的意思是足够成熟的帮助孩子适应失望的 。 " achenbach说 。
the outbound event sends this metric value from the monitor model of the loan_completionone process to the highlevel monitor model .	外界事件从贷款完成过程的监测模型传送到高级监测模型 。
however , today than in the japanese rule of korea , its sinister means , what is more trivial difference .	然而 , 今天的日本规则比朝鲜规则更为脆弱 。
memorial ceremony of qin is quite different from that of zhou and lu in sacrificial time , place , offerings , etc .	秦的记忆仪式与周和路在圣地、地方、提供等相当不同 。
we are even informed that cigarette smoking may gravely jeopardize not only the smokers , but also the nonsmokers .	我们甚至通知烟烟烟不仅是吸烟者 , 而且也是非吸烟者 。
objective: to summarize the clinical experience of professor shaonian fang in treating obstruction of qi in the chest .	目的:总结山安教授在胸部切除术中的临床经验 。
none of the surveyed materials were found to be suitable for use as impedance matched specular radar absorbers .	未发现的检测材料适用于耐受特殊雷达吸收的耐磨材料 。
electrophoretic coating process on the aluminium alloy support used for solar energy heat unit is introduced .	介绍了太阳能热单元用于铝合金的电泳涂料过程 。
of course , the sensory effects of coffee , and other warm beverages , like tea or cocoa , can lift your spirits .	当然 , 咖啡的感觉效果和其他热饮料 , 比如茶或coa , 可以使你的精神提升 。
objective to investigate the clinical and electrocardiographic character of idiopathic and secondary abnormal j wave .	目的探讨血管病变和二次异常j波的临床和电图特征 。
abstract: to study germination characteristics of mirabilis jalapa and althaea rosea by soaking their dormant seeds .	文章摘要:研究米拉比利斯加拉帕的萌发特征 , 通过浸泡剂种子来研究其萌发特征 。
introduced the scope of application and structures of multiblade vertical cutting machine and bead insulating line .	介绍了多级垂直切割机的应用范围及其应用范围 。
the cylindrical container has a wide mouth opening for easy filling and convenient access to the contents .	圆柱容器具有广泛的口袋 , 便于容易填充和方便的内容 。
rapid climate changes at millennial and centennial scales are one of the most important aspects in paleoclimate study .	百年和中央范围快速气候变化是分泌研究中最重要的方面之一 。
it is a common problem that the range of applying lien and interrogation is excessive broad in public security organs .	在公安器官中 , 适用林和交流范围的普遍问题是公安机关的广泛问题 。
in 2009 china ended a quarantine blockade around a remote northwestern town hit by pneumonic plague .	2009年 , 中国在远西北地区的一座四星块 。
to address this issue , we have carried out a series of studies of tissue reconstitution by single hscs .	为了解决这个问题 , 我们已经通过单hsc进行一系列组织恢复研究 。
objective to investigate the etiologic factors of chronic prostatitis following sexually transmitted urethritis .	目的探讨慢性前列腺炎的病理因素 。
as the eye health company , bausch &lomb dedicated to perfecting vision and enhancing life for consumers around the world .	作为眼球健康公司 , 巴萨克&lomb为世界各地消费者提供了完美的视觉和提高生活 。
help pharmaceutical enterprise customers solve problems , the pursuit of human health is our lofty ideal .	帮助医疗企业客户解决问题 , 人类健康追求是我们的理想 。
then a new method of block generalization based on street skeletonline and building skeletonline is put forward .	然后提出了一种基于街骨架和建筑骨架的新方法 。
at the other end of the spectrum is su ming , who comes from a family of farmers and studies at a university in beijing .	另一端光谱是苏明 , 来自北京一所大学农民和研究 。
some big firms have begun employing westerners with long experience in the best american and european facilities .	一些大型公司已经开始雇用西方人员在最好的美国和欧洲设施长期经验 。
and we can see the truth of the world in our own experience to confirm for ourselves the truth which the buddha was teaching .	我们可以看到世界的真理 , 在我们自己的经历中确认佛教的真理 。
in order to realize the control arithmetic , this paper uses the plc , and designs the programs of both pid control and fuzzy control .	为实现控制算法 , 本文采用plc设计了pid控制和模糊控制程序 。
a few days’ break was declared for the religious holiday of eid aladha , beginning on november 17th .	几天的突破被宣布为埃德阿拉哈宗教节日 , 开始于17年1月17日 。
you can submit your own idea or comment on the list on our web site , theatlantic . com , or you can send us a letter .	你可以在我们的网站上提交自己的想法或评论 , 或者你可以发送一封信 。
as these individuals grow more comfortable around each other , you will see more head tilt and therefore more exposure of the neck .	随着这些个人在彼此生长更舒适 , 你会看到更多的头尖倾斜 , 因此更多的脖子暴露 。
other fringe parties enjoyed a record surge in support as voters abandoned their traditional allegiances .	其他的拳击党享受了支持的记录 , 因为投票人抛弃了传统的权利 。
conclusion the hyperbaric therapy for complication of carbon monoxide poisoning is high cure rate and low deformity rate .	结论碳单氧化碳毒复杂的超基疗法是高尿率和低变形率 。
as a player , denver nuggets coach george karl napped , a ritual he passed on to his team .	作为一名球员 , 丹佛nuggets教练乔治·卡尔被送到他的团队 。
while certain fish are loaded with omega3 and protein , they also contain some mercury , dioxins and pcbs .	虽然某些鱼被加载了omega3和蛋白 , 但它们还包含一些汞、二氧化物和pcbs 。
there is no estimating the pride i took in this grandeur , or the affection that began to swell and grow in me for those people .	没有估计我在这个大爷里拿到的骄傲 , 或者对这些人来说 , 这种感情开始瑞典和生长 。
figure 1 shows an example of a checkstyle report generated with ant using the xslt task demonstrated in listing 1	图1显示了在清单1中所示的xslt任务中使用的xslt任务生成的检查风格报告的例子 。
a community of central new jersey , a suburb of new brunswick . population , 21 , 731 .	新泽西的一个中央社区 , 新布朗西克郊区 。 人口21 , 731 。
this method can overcome the limitation occurred by single evaluation method and meet the need of fine evaluation of acidizing effect .	本方法可结合单评价方法的限制 , 满足单评价效果优良评价的需求 。
the rising , warm air forms distinctive anvilshaped clouds , visible in both the satellite and model image .	上升 , 温暖空气形式独特的云 , 可见在卫星和模型图像中 。
a gadget differs from a bot in that it's a specialized miniapplication that helps you perform a focused task .	一个游戏不同于瓶子里的差异 , 它是一个专门的小型补充 , 帮助您执行专注的任务 。
nearby muttrah has a charming mediterraneanstyle waterfront and a harbour now used mainly by cruise liners .	附近的muttrah拥有一个令人魅力的中海风格的中海风格 , 目前主要使用了ruiseliners 。
to support this , three options of command vmdeploymgr . sh are provided which is the main application of the vdm .	为了支持这个 , 命令vmdedeploymdepymgr.sh的三个选项是vdm的主要应用 。
although most securities are markedtomarket , this new gaap still allows securities to be carried at historical cost .	尽管大多数证券都是标记的市场 , 但这个新加坡仍然允许证券在历史成本上运行 。
if we want to make national public servants' property transparent we ought to establish and consummate the system .	如果我们想让国家公共服务员的财产透明我们应该建立并消费系统 。
with the development of internet , more and more people start to use bbs forum over internet as their tool obtaining messages and communions .	随着互联网的发展 , 越来越多的人开始使用bbbs论坛作为他们的工具获得消息和沟通的工具 。
that woman's days were spent in ignorant good will , her nights in argument until her voice grew shrill .	那个女人的日子花了不错的好意愿 , 直到她的声音增长了shrill 。
pedal down hill while you are at the front of a bunch . cyclists dislike having to ride constantly under brakes .	坐下山的时候 , 你正处于一只小块的前面 。 周期上升不一样 , 在刹车上骑着 。
the bronx zoo is incredible , fantastic , very wellmaintained , sprawling zoo with so much to see and do .	布朗克斯动物园是不可思议的 , 幻想的 , 很好地保持了动物园 , 看到这么多 。
but why would one want to make crosstechnology mixed ui components anyway ? wayne explained some of the usecases	但是 , 为什么需要交叉技术混合ui组件 ? 韦恩解释了一些使用cass的一些用途 。
under this background , based on jw1h hospital information system , we designed and developed military hospital library management system .	在此背景下 , 根据jw1h医院信息系统设计并开发军医院图书馆管理系统 。
both fra and nfma strengthen the ability of developing countries to manage their forestry information base for their own benefit .	fra和nfma强化发展中国家的能力 , 为自己的利益管理森林信息基础 。
relatively smallscale chemical run off and contamination from us copper mines in colorado proved to be disastrous .	相对小尺寸化学运行并从美国铜矿中的污染证实是灾难的 。
the patient and 41 other passengers on the flight am098 arrived in shanghai from mexico on thursday .	周四 , 上海其他41名乘客到达墨西哥的上海 。
the innermost zone effect must be taken into account if the required accuracy of tc is at a onemgal level .	如果需求的tc精度要求准确度时 , 最多的内部区效应必须采取成帐户 。
a heavyduty , highbuild coal tar epoxy coating for the protection of steel and concrete in immersion service .	一个重型的工程 , 高建煤层epoxy涂层用于合并服务中钢和混凝土的保护 。
" culpa in contrahendo " in civil law system started in the transition from freedom capitalism to monopoly capitalism .	" 民法体系 " 文化从自由资本主义转移到单一资本主义的过渡开始 。
any of these locations or styles worked fine users who needed to log in would find the way to do it without frustration or error .	所有这些位置或样式都工作了那些需要登录的好用户 , 可以找到不会破坏或错误的方法 。
the indexes have been examined , such as ratio of liver weight and body weight , tg , tc , hdlc and ldlc .	检查了肝重和体重、tg、hdlc、ldlc等指标 。
" this shows that our system integration and research and manufacturing capabilities have reached world standards , " said mr zhang .	" 这表明我们的系统集成和研究和制造能力已经达到世界标准 。 " 张先生说 。
4then jesus asked them , " which is lawful on the sabbath: to do good or to do evil , to save life or to kill ? "	十四耶稣问他们 , " 哪个法律在萨伯浴上做好或做恶魔 , 救生还是杀死 ? "
the body of a 19yearold worker named ma xiangqian was found in front of his highrise dormitory at 4:30 a . m .	一个19岁的工人名叫马湘桥的身体在4:30岁的高层门前发现 。
you may also recall that the media referred to this as a " nearsighted mr . magoo " and " trouble with hubble " .	你也可以回忆到媒体被称为 " 近视马戈诺先生 " 和 " 哈勃 " 的麻烦 。
but after he enrolled in the university of edinburgh , he proved more interested in natural history than medicine .	但是在他在爱丁堡大学之后 , 他证明了比医学的自然历史更有趣 。
q . my teenager is involved in so many activities: school , babysitting , church , sports .	问 。 我的青少年参与到这么多活动:学校、婴儿坐、教堂、体育活动 。
and it came down to what somebody else said here: that left the election on the other dimension , which might have been character or whatever .	另外有人在这里说的是什么 , 除了另一个维度的选举 , 这可能是字符或是什么 。
the findings highlight the importance of refining our understanding of the relationship between weight , body fat and disease , says loos .	洛斯说 , 研究结果显示 , 精炼体胖与疾病之间的关系的重要性 。
friends lists: allow your users to maintain a list of their onsite friends , and see who others have added as friends .	朋友列表:允许您的用户维护他们的网站朋友列表 , 并且看其他人添加了朋友 。
politicians talk about wage equality , butmy father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career .	政治家谈论工资平等 , 但我父亲在整个职业生涯中做了一个实践 。
in the history , there were such cruel beauty fashions too , such as the chinese threeinch golden lotus and the western corset .	在历史上 , 中国三英寸黄金莲和西珊瑚都有这样的美丽时尚 。
earlier this month , apple granted both vodafone group and telecom italia the right to sell the iphone in italy .	本月早些时候 , 苹果在意大利销售iphone 。
'the concept is to stock your pantry with things you can't get or that you miss from home , ' mr . lord says .	耶和华先生说: " 这个概念是用你不能得到的东西存储你的裤子 。 "
i agree with victor fleischer's basic premise that carried interest is a fee for managing other people's money .	我同意维克·弗莱斯切尔的基本预言 , 携带利益是管理其他人的钱的费用 。
from a great deal of fogging experiment , getting that the directflash technique can satisfy the experiment .	从一个很好的战斗实验中 , 得到直接闪光技术能够满足实验 。
there is 1500w separated wall type air condition set each in the two guest room , which can adjust the temperature .	两间客房有1500w分离的墙型空调 , 可调整温度 。
an arresting image to draw the eye and cover lines that reward that curiosity by presenting an intriguing idea .	一个逮捕图像 , 通过给出一个令人惊讶的想法来绘制眼睛和覆盖线 。
my hands are small ; please don’t expect perfection whenever i make my bed , draw a picture or throw a ball .	我的手很小 , 请不要期待我做床的完美 , 画一张照片或扔球 。
over the last five years , the chronicle found , their median increase , adjusted for inflation , was 19 . 6 percent .	过去五年来 , 这些慢性发现 , 他们的媒体增加 , 调整通货膨胀率为19.6% 。
methods the telomerase activity of a 2780 cells was examined by modified trapelisa assay .	方法采用改性trapelisa检测2780细胞的结核酶活性 。
you don't need to make many choices , but if you are wondering what to do , consult the ocap ri project wiki page .	你不需要做许多选择 , 但是如果你想要做什么 , 咨询ocap的项目wki页面 。
as a freshman , i won't let you down and i believe that i will do my best to cooperate with this team well very soon .	作为一个新鲜人 , 我不会让你下来 , 我相信我将尽快与这个团队合作 。
emily dickinson lived with her unmarried sister lavinia in an elegant house called the homestead .	艾米莉·迪克金森住在一个叫做家庭的优雅房子里的姐姐拉文尼亚 。
then i stayed up the whole night , waving a hardboard to keep mosquitoes from approaching her just like a guard .	然后我住在整个晚上 , 睡着一台硬盘 , 让蚊子来自卫星 。
but when you start thinking about these issues in the context of what you're doing in the meditation , they make it even more stabilizing .	但是当你开始思考这些问题在你在冥想中做什么时候 , 他们甚至让它更加稳定 。
yet in practice , we see that government officials belong to the most criminal and " lawless " profession around .	然而在实践中 , 我们看政府官员属于最严格的刑事和 " 无法律 " 专业 。
secretary . we're out of time ! you have to give encer acce to the carrion device and have it extracted from the city !	秘书 。 我们离开时间了 ! 你必须向车辆设备提取 , 并从城市提取它 !
to optimize the acoustics , we've built in a series of ports , each with its own unique purpose .	为了优化声学 , 我们建立了一系列港口 , 每个独特的目标 。
in 1946 , anna met her future husband general claire chennault , who was a major war hero in china .	1946年 , 安娜遇到她未来的丈夫陈纳尔特是中国主要战争英雄 。
it needs men who can be prompted without an aim except the aim to be on the move , to function , to go ahead .	除了移动的目标外 , 外 , 还需要男人可以提倡 , 除了目标外 , 外 , 还要先去 。
this actually i think derives from a greek word , " synkope , " synkope , synkope .	这实际上我想从希腊语中获得的话 , " synkope " synkope , synkope 。
a further effect is the erosion of city revenues , as the propertyvalue base for such taxes continues to shrink .	进一步的影响是城市收入的侵蚀 , 作为这样的税收的财产价值依然持续缩短 。
now the m1 is maybe the best bike in motogp , yamaha have great riders , so it looks like they don’t need me any more .	现在m1可能是莫托格普最好的自行车 , 雅马哈有很好的骑手 , 所以看起来似乎不需要我 。
for all the joy he bring to my life , for every dream he make come true , for all the love i find in him , i will be forever thankful .	对于所有的欢乐 , 他带来了我的生活 , 因为每个梦想都是真的 , 因为我在他中找到的爱 , 我永远感谢 。
the black ant gains years of working experiences , cooperate with s&w to design special and perfect business plan .	黑蚂蚁获得了多年的工作经验 , 合作标准设计专业和完美的业务计划 。
considering the same characteristic of the large mechanism remote testing , this system can be used in other large mechanism testing process and find farranging application .	考虑大机械远程测试的相同特点 , 该系统可用于其他大机械测试过程中找到正常应用 。
one of the most popular recipe apps is epicurious with its 28 , 000 recipes from gourmet and bon appetit .	最受欢迎的接收应用程序之一是28 , 000个受欢迎的收购者之一 。
growth is slowing worldwide . it weakened from a year earlier in 19 of 26 countries that reported apriljune data .	四月份报告的26个国家 , 全球经济增长越来越慢 。
traditionalists wring their hands about the " vaporization of value " and " demonetization " of entire industries .	传统主义者把手带到 " 价值 " 和 " 示威 " 整个行业的 " 变化 。
and your cells making transfer rna , if they make a transfer rna molecule that has here , they only put leucine at the other end .	你的细胞使rna转移rna , 如果他们在这里做一个转移rna分子 , 他们只在另一端放在leucine 。
relative water content , water saturation deficit , free water , bound water and cell sap concentration were all correlated with pf .	相对水含量、水饱和赤字、自由水、边界水和细胞盐浓度都与pf相关 。
the two major attacks , one in lahore and the other in quetta , killed more than 100 people and wounded hundreds of others .	两个主要攻击 , 一个在拉霍尔和其他地震中 , 杀死了100多人 , 伤害了数百人 。
it seems that there is no obvious law between the difference of flower colors and the content of total flavonoids .	它似乎没有明显的法律 , 花色与总黄酮含量之间的差异与含量之间的差异 。
in grand style , the 1996 annual report is made of textured coffeecolored paper created from espresso grounds .	1996年的大型风格中 , 1996年的年度报告由espresso地面创建的纺织咖啡色纸制成 。
way home i strode easy steps , wearing sandals , with my heart , " pops , " sings its song .	回家的路 , 我很容易的步骤 , 穿沙拉 , 用我的心 , " 波普斯唱它的歌 。
no , i won't be drinking tonight because i am the designated driver . just give my glass of wine to the designated drunk .	不 , 今晚我不会喝酒 , 因为我是指定的司机 , 只要给我的杯子给我设计的醉酒 。
at last , the difficulties of research on ladderlike polysiloxane are mentioned , and the development prospect is looked forward .	最后 , 提出了类似多硅烷的研究难题 , 提出了发展前景 。
in this paper the fullscale test results of " the customs 301 boat " with or withoutflume tank and seas are presented .	介绍了 " 301船 " 的全尺度测试结果 , 或者没有流感坦克和海洋的 " 海关 " 的全尺度测试结果 。
however , there are other volcanic sites , such as mt etna , and volcanoes in china , that may fit the researchers' model .	然而 , 还有其他火山地点 , 比如mtetna和火山 , 这可能适合研究人员模型 。
pandu immediately sent out orders for the finest sapphires , rubies , and diamonds that could be had .	熊猫立即派出最好的萨普郡、橡皮和钻石的订单 。
make sure you do not get bogged down with pressure and are allowing yourself some recreational activities like movies and dating .	确保你不会带压力下来 , 正允许自己像电影和舞蹈这样的一些娱乐活动 。
she says that among her circle of friends , work choices is the issue that is likeliest to tip their vote away from the government .	她说 , 在她的朋友圈子里 , 工作选择是最可能从政府中提取投票的问题 。
leaders of the two countries have reached consensus on adhering to the general direction of joint development and accelerating consultation .	两国领导人已经达成共识 , 坚持联合开发和加速咨询的总体方向 。
that's bad news for arjen robben and joe cole and i'm struggling to see how they will earn a regular place in the team .	这是阿詹·罗本和乔布科尔的坏消息 , 我很努力看看他们在团队获得正常的地方 。
in a home stay facility safely , water , enjoy pure water of the comfortable , afternoon 4 o 'clock because rain returns .	在家里保持设施安全 , 水 , 享受舒适的纯水 , 下午4点钟是因为雨回来 。
hence , yu yingshi's textual research on the purity of the ideal world in a dream of red mansions holds little water .	因此 , 玉明石的文本研究在一个红色管理梦中对理想世界的纯度进行研究 。
this is achieved through the elimination , or masking , of both planned and unplanned downtime by eliminating single points of failure .	这是通过消除消除或制造 , 其中两个规划和未删除的单个缺陷来实现的 。
right arm likelycontinuing recovery , as the left arms remains fixed while the left wrist flexesto initiate the pull .	右臂可能会持续恢复 , 左臂仍然固定在左手腕flexesto启动拉 。
objective: to study the expression of angiotensin ii type 1 receptor in hyperoxia induced chronic lung diseased .	目的:探讨高氧诱导慢性肺疾病血管蛋白i型受体表达 。
contains response information returned as a result of a registration lookup table refresh operation on the peer resolver .	包含响应信息返回作为注册查找表的结果 。
amendements any amendments to this contract shall be in the form of addendum in writing be signed by the buyer and the seller .	购买者和卖方签署的任何修订应当在此合同中添加的任何修订 。
high speed computing center in institute of space science provides high speed computing environment for students and faculty .	高速计算中心空间科学院为学生和教育提供了高速计算环境 。
after having obtained the degree of licenciéès sciences , i entered ourisson's laboratory in october of 1960 .	经过1960年10月获得许可科学硕士学位后 , 我进入了我们的实验室 。
gpo's catalog of us government publications — a searchable database of federal publications , with links to those available online .	gpo的目录是美国政府出版社的可搜索数据库 , 链接到这些可用的网上 。
between 2006 and 2010 , the u . s . pto did not award a single patent to any chinabased units of five out of the 10 companies .	2006年至2010年之间 , 美国p图片并没有获得一份专利从10家公司获得的五家专利 。
although anticipates to make the direction , but zhao wei also stressed that the performance work delimits the rests by no means .	尽管预期制定方向 , 但赵伟也强调表现工作不用手段限制剩余的手段 。
second , hayek and robbins stress that the keynespigou skepticism about private frugality is shortsighted	第二 , 哈伊克和罗宾应该强调私人水果的关键主义是短视私人水果的关键主义 。
the spartans in ancient greece were a nation that paid the greatest attention to eugenics and exercised important influences .	古希腊的西班牙人是一个关注欧盟和运动的重要影响最大的国家 。
constrained by its size , the virus uses overlapping shifted reading frames to generate the full complement of proteins .	由其大小约束 , 病毒使用重叠移植阅读框架来生成全部的蛋白 。
the second dimension is that you need much more fiscal stimulus — in the countries that can afford it — that is frontloaded .	第二维是 , 你需要更多的财政刺激 , 在那些能使它的国家里 , 这是前载的 。
clean and exfoliate your face by washing it with lemon juice . you can also dab lemon juice on blackheads to draw them out during the day .	用柠檬汁洗净 , 你也可以在黑头上涂上柠檬汁 。
objective: to modify and develop the syndrome differentiation of threeyang and threeyin discussed in the classic of treatise on febrile disease .	目的:改善和开发三阳三阴性病的综合鉴别 , 探讨女性疾病的经典综合征 。
not in indoor optional piled up some flammable and explosive substances , indoor to absolute forbid fireworks .	不在室内选择桩上一些可燃和爆炸物质 , 室内绝对禁止燃烧的物质 。
extends capabilities to automatically locate all databases , in both production and test environments , for monitoring and protection .	扩展功能自动定位所有数据库 , 在生产和测试环境中 , 用于监测和保护 。
domestically , our customers include bao steel , handan steel , anyang steel , jiugang group , and other large iron and steel groups .	国内外 , 我们的客户包括宝钢、手钢、橙钢、姜钢等大型铁集团 。
the u . s . secret service estimates that some $1 billion of counterfeit u . s . dollars are printed every year .	美国秘书服务估计每年有1亿美元的反馈美元被印刷 。
teacher's professional ethics in tao xingzhi's thought derived from two aspects: history and practice .	教师的专业道德从历史和实践等两个方面出发 , 教师的专业思想 。
in this paper , selforganize competition neural network is applied in the parameters' identification of asynchronous motor .	本文应用自组织竞争神经网络在异步电机的识别中应用 。
objective to establish a hplc method for the simultaneous assaying of compound ofloxacin and ketotifen nasal sprays .	目的建立hplc复方鼻喷雾同时评价复方鼻腔复合性鼻喷雾的方法 。
it’s possible the u . s . defense establishment knew that china had cracked the f117’s secrets .	这可能是美国防御建立的可能 , 中国已经破坏了f17的秘密 。
according to a recent survey , about 78 . 9% of the college students want to further their study after their graduation .	根据最近一项调查 , 大约78.9%的大学生希望在毕业后进一步研究 。
there's a ghost often described as harassment of human evil , was on behalf of justice for the eradication of momotaro .	有一个鬼常被描述为人类邪恶的骚扰 , 正义上是莫莫塔罗的一半 。
the high aperture ratio is achieved by overlapping ito pixel electrode and bus line using a photo_sensitive polymer .	利用光敏聚合物来实现高温比 。
and the financial situation for graduates was especially bad , with half saying they had so much student debt they could not save .	毕业生的金融状况尤其糟糕 , 半人说他们不能节省的学生债务 。
among his hit series , charlie's angels , love boat , dynasty , beverly hills 90210 and melrose place .	其中 , 查理的天使 , 爱船 , 朝鲜 , 永远希望90210和梅罗斯地方 。
the joint un programme on hiv/aids has set up a commission to study the disease and its impacts on development in asia and the pacific .	联合国艾滋病艾滋病/艾滋病协会已经建立了一个委员会 , 并对亚洲和太平洋发展的影响 。
as rosenblatt notes , criticism of black writing has often served as a pretext for expounding on black history .	作为罗森布拉特笔记 , 黑写的批评经常是黑史上暴露的前提 。
you should be reminded that you will be disqualified to attend any revelant events about this conference unless you give correct and complete information .	你应该提醒你将会议出席任何关于这次会议的相关事件 , 除非你给予正确和完成信息的事件 。
its bold engineer , thomas senkel , took the machine on its first manned flight this week lasting 1 minute 30 seconds .	这个星期 , 托马斯·斯坦克尔 , 本周第一台男子飞行机上 , 这个机器持续1分钟 。
in view of my shallow knowledge , the lack of practical experience , the text of the error in the hope that readers criticized .	针对我的影子知识 , 缺乏实践经验 , 希望读者批评的错误文本 。
at this moment , for me , the heart of earth is this sleepless spring night , greeting this early morning in tranquil meditation .	对于我来说 , 地球的心是这个无眠的春天晚上 , 希望早晨在特别的冥想中 。
“migrants shouldn’t be treated so cruelly , ” says a despairing parent . “they are so prejudiced towards us . ”	" 移民不应该那么严谨地处理 , " 一位渴望的父母说 , " 他们对我们来说是如此惊讶的 。 "
the museum showcases animated characters from the studio's catalog of films and has a handson exhibit of an animation studio .	博物馆展现出来自studio的影片目录的动画性格 , 展示了动画摄影室的手表 。
join the flames together about a third of the way or midway from the base of the fire and have the flames separated going up from that point .	加入火焰的第三条路或中路的火焰 , 从火基上分离出火焰 。
night , quietly into the west , overlooking the earth 's subtle or , how many shadow hovers in the imagination of the edge ?	夜晚 , 悄悄地走到西方 , 忽视地球的细微或是 , 几个阴影在边缘的想象 ?
when she whipped her silver mare on her right flank the mare went left , for a horse's first instinct is to flee from danger .	当她穿着银色的时候 , 她把她的银色大师放在她的右翼上 , 因为马的第一个直觉是从危险中逃脱 。
the results show that transverse rolling sheet could create comparatively perfect structure due to the occurrence of secondary recrystallization .	结果表明 , 由于二次晶化发生 , 转换轧板可以产生比较完美的结构 。
rfx and dfx move data between the current record of the data source and the field data members of a recordset object .	rfx和dfx移动数据源记录和数据源的字段数据成员之间的数据 。
coordinating the balance of nitrogen supplicattion and nitrogen requirement by fertilizing made the rice yield stable and high .	协调氮供应和氮需求的平衡 , 使水稻产量稳定、高 。
furthermore each post with a new queen bee who led the subbed , then , look at the number inside the nest almost no honey .	另外 , 每个职位都有一个新的女王蜜蜂 , 然后看看颈部几乎没有蜂蜜的数字 。
if johnson left camp with his crew to rebuild a road or a blownout bridge , gilbert waited for his return .	如果约翰逊离开营 , 他的船员重建一条路或一条不断的桥梁 , 吉尔伯特等着回来 。
it has been proved that the adopted diversity heat treatment is a new method of realizing different property on relevant rotor forgings locations .	证明采用多样性热处理是相关转子锻造位置的一种新方法 。
product description: 1 ) novel appearance , beautiful printing and attractive color can upgrade the package of the drug ;	产品描述:1 ) 小说出现 , 美丽的印刷和吸引色可以升级药品包 ;
since then , fathers had been honored and recognized by their families throughout the country on the third sunday in june .	自那以后 , 父亲在六月三日在全国的第三个星期日认识到了他们的家庭 。
why do so many of us plonk ourselves down in front of the telly with a microwave meal after a tiring day ? because it's convenient ?	为什么我们很多人在轮胎天之前用微波饭 , 为什么很方便吗 ?
since json is just plain text with a simple bracketed structure , many channels can exchange a json message .	由于json只是平原的文本是一个简单的包装结构 , 许多通道可以交换一个json消息 。
drivers and attendants of emergency vehicles , unable to abandon their posts , died where they had stopped to give aid and assistance .	驾驶员和紧急车员 , 不能放弃他们的职位 , 死在哪里他们停止给援助和援助的地方 。
kevin rudd made a pact with the voters of australia last night to step forward with them and forge a new future for the nation .	凯文·鲁德在昨晚与澳大利亚投票人举行了一张电影 , 和他们一起努力为国家带来新的未来 。
this article studies the reactionmechanism of oligomerization of butadiene and the situation of reaction product utilization .	本文研究了黄芪的反应机制及反应产品利用情况 。
once you start to look really closely , our wild flowers are as intimately beautiful as anything we cultivate in a garden .	一旦你开始看起来真密 , 我们的野花就像我们在花园里培养的任何东西一样美丽 。
this wellpreserved painting is among thousands that were discovered on a 2008 expedition to document rock art in australia .	这幅著名的绘画是2008年在澳大利亚文献岩石艺术中发现的千上万 。
life time is short...everyone has the right to enjoy life , to enjoy beatiful things , including this little gift .	生活时间短...每个人都有享受生活的权利 , 享受美好的东西 , 包括这小礼物 。
the effective up papaya soup red wine , red wine , the official website of papaya soup , wine , papaya soup with effect ?	有效的支付额汤红葡萄酒、红葡萄酒官方网站 , 白酒 , 补偿汤吗 ?
the results showed that the age of shaoxing ducks and dietary cp level significantly affected the cp retention ratio .	结果表明 , 沙兴鸭和饮食cp水平明显影响cp保留率 。
the new collections of custom furs around town reveal plenty of folderol , but there are practical things too .	新城市自定制的收集显示很多文件夹ol , 但也有实际的事情 。
china international pro audio , light , music & technology exhibition undertaken by ceta is held each year from may to june .	中国国际音频、光、音乐和技术展览每年五月举行 。
therefore , it can be deduced that the doping level of the pani film increases with film thickness during film growing process .	因此 , 可导致巴尼电影在电影生长过程中增加膜厚度 。
the imt of carotid artery and the area of carotid atherosclerosis plaque significantly reduced compared with control group .	与对照组相比 , 颈动脉和颈动脉的动脉移植区显著降低 。
this paper summaries the structure of vsam file , and the data space , catalog , protection of data and functions of vsam .	本文总结了vsam文件的结构、数据空间、目录、vsam数据和功能 。
methods 358 lesions of 79 stable vitiligo patients were treated 10 to 30 times with 308 nm excimer laser .	方法采用358例nm激光治疗79例稳定性粘膜病患者的病变 。
relevent suggestions for smooth progress of the 2nd generation peasant workers " citizenization are rasied in the last part . "	最后一部分 , 提出了2nd一代农民工平滑发展的相关建议 。
those who preferred agency service enjoyed the agencies in shorter distance , lower cost and managed or supervised by the government .	那些喜欢的机构服务 , 享受短距离、低成本、管理或监督的机构 。
the authors then assess their influence on physical and mechanical properties of rock in the three gorges reservoir area .	然后对三峡储层岩石的物理和力学性能进行了评价 。
if the machine where these servers are deployed is close to the minimum disk or ram requirements , then they should be reconfigured .	如果这些服务器部署到最小磁盘或ram需求的机器 , 那么它们应该重新配置 。
methods patients were divided into different groups , then all patients underwent renal color doppler energy imaging examinations .	方法将患者分为不同组 , 然后所有患者都在肾色多普勒能量成像检查 。
li glass in no mood to li junkai smile , always wipe out drunk that night with liu qian hui sex scenes .	李玻璃在没有情绪到林嘉嘉嘉嘉的笑容中 , 总是用刘乾慧的性情场景吹出醉 。
on the other hand , discontinuing effective antidepressant medication during pregnancy entails a 60% or more risk of relapse .	另一方面 , 怀孕期间不断有效的抗抑郁药物含有60%或更多风险 。
results in animal study , lumbricus could inhibit the growth of staphylococci , bacillus coli and bacillus aeruginosus .	结果动物动物研究中 , 肺部能抑制稳醇、胆囊胆囊和胆囊气管的生长 。
when there are buildings , they're usually poor structures of mud or adobe that don't survive the rainy season .	当有建筑时 , 他们通常是贫困的泥泞或食品结构不幸存下雨季 。
i think this could be a significant turning point . i think the economic crisis has shown up the weakness of uncontrolled immigration .	我认为这可能是一个重要的转折点 , 我认为经济危机已经显示了不控制移民的弱点 。
and a universal cpldbased controller for twoamplitude actively clamped resonant dclink inverter is proposed too .	同时提出了一种基于cpld的基于cpld控制器 。
a criminal complaint charges mooresaia with stealing substantial funds from wells fargo during her time as a bank employee .	一个刑事诉讼负责莫里亚在她的时候 , 就业银行员工的实质基金会采取了巨大的资金 。
other civil servants shall normally participate in the offthejob training for not less than 12 days accumulatively every year .	其他民事服务员通常会参与下岗培训 , 每年不会积累12天 。
the catalytic activated carbon deodorizing device was used for purifying odorous gases in sewage pumping station .	采用催化活性炭脱硫装置用于污水泵站净化臭气 。
the geonames geographical database is available for download free of charge under a creative commons attribution license .	geonames地理数据库在创造性共同属性许可下载免费下载 。
mistletoe also known throughout history as the golden bough has several different legends associated with its beginning and its meaning .	米斯托利也被称为金买下了几个不同的传奇与其开始和其意义相关的传奇相关 。
a particle swarm optimization algorithm for low voltage apparatus blanking part layout optimization was presented .	提出了一种低电压装置空白部分布局优化的粒子游泳优化算法 。
that doesn't sound right . ' and finally the va told me that i was suffering from ptsd — posttraumatic stress disorder .	这听起来不对 。 " 最后 , 瓦斯告诉我我我 , 我受到ptsd的压力障碍 。
in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables exchanging money .	在寺院里 , 他发现男子卖猫、羊和狗 , 其他人坐在桌子交换钱 。
the vbelt equivalent coefficient of friction indicates that the bearing capacity of vbelt is higher than that of flat belt .	vbelt等效系数表明 , vbelt的承载能力比平带带的承载能力高 。
children usually have night terrors at the same time each night , generally sometime in the first few hours after falling asleep .	儿童通常在同一晚上都有夜恐怖 , 一般有时候在睡眠之后第一小时 。
the incremental cost per lifeyear saved was calculated for all eligible individuals and for highrisk individuals .	计算每年生命的增加成本 , 为高风险个人而计算出每年生命的增加成本 。
others may use the guibased administration tool provided by the container to modify the container based on a specific environment .	其他人可以使用gui基于gui的管理工具 , 以确定具体环境的容器 。
licorice is a nourishing herbal medicine . the indication of licorice is expelling phlegm and arresting coughing .	许可证是一种保护草药 , 许可证明许可证明出售的电话和逮捕咳嗽 。
liren rpo consultant process outsourcing service provides part or overall specialized various services to customers during the recruitment .	lrenrpo咨询过程外包服务为招聘期间客户提供部分或整体化服务 。
for the past fifty or a hundred years , transferred nationalism has been a common phenomenon among literary intellectuals .	过去五十多年来 , 转移民族主义是文学知识分子的常见现象 。
butyraldehyde glycol acetal was synthesized from butyraldehyde and glycol by using iodine as catalyst .	用碘作为催化剂合成了黄油醛和甘油 。
this paper surveys interface automata , timed interface automata , resource interface and gamebased idea in them .	本文对界面自动化、时界面自动化、资源界面和游戏基于游戏的思想进行调查 。
traumatic events , such as the 9/11 terrorist attacks , also tend to become seared in children's memories .	伤害事件如9/1恐怖袭击等9/1恐怖袭击 , 也往往成为儿童记忆中搜索的 。
therefore , the initiation of semiotic study of the stars is of multidimensionally academic and practical significance .	因此 , 半球研究的启动是多维学术和实践意义 。
students's good or bad will character plays a significant role in achieving teaching objects and teaching task .	学生的良好或坏人物会在实现教学对象和教学任务中扮演重要角色 。
that would undo years of reforms introduced by the liberal democrats to resuscitate japan's longstagnant economy .	这将不久的改革引入自由民主党重新复日本长期的经济 。
the advanced liquid nitrogen truck in the world has been applicated in oilgas production and has got good effect , which was imported in 1994 .	世界上先进液氮卡车已应用于石油生产中 , 并且在1994年进口了良好的效果 。
sure my strange addiction features people who dress like babies , collect dead things , and compulsively bathe in bleach .	确保我的陌生添加特征是像婴儿、收集死事物的人们 , 并且在布莱克的沐浴 。
fdf president ross warburton said the ambition plan showed that members were taking a leading role in developing sustainable food production .	fdf总统罗斯沃布顿表示 , 这种轰炸计划显示 , 成员在发展可持续食品生产中占领重要作用 。
rover had saved evazan again , by surrounding the doctor with his gelatinous form and dropping from the castle wall .	路透再次拯救埃瓦桑 , 周围医生和他的巨大的形态下降 。
now let us also retrieve whatever portions of our grid work is our own from others , taking energy only and reweaving the holes and gaps therein .	现在让我们还检索我们的网格工作的部分是我们自己的一部分 , 只有能量和在这里的洞和空间 。
for someone who once subsisted on cookies and soda , the road to a wholegrain , occasionally vegetarian life began with this staple .	对于那些曾经在烹饪和soda上坚持的人来说 , 路到全谷 , 偶尔蔬菜生活开始与这个阶段开始 。
finally , the " interface effect " and the occurrence of polycrystalline during the vgfgaas crystal growth were discussed .	最后讨论了vgfgfga晶体生长过程中 " 接口效应 " 及其发生率 。
they often retain their telephone numbers , including the area code , when they move from state to state , so it is hard to know where they are .	他们经常保留电话号码 , 包括该区域代码 , 当他们从州移到国家时 , 所以很难知道他们在哪里 。
methods 11 cases in exacerbation stage were chosen to study . swan ganz catheterization were taken for hemodynamic monitoring .	方法选用11例血液动态监测手术治疗肝动态监测的患者 。
the aim of this thesis was to make some helpful research in this region though the research mode which was built in the thesis was still insufficient .	本文针对本地区的一些有益研究模式 , 尽管本论文建立的研究模式仍不足 。
business first , pleasure afterward , as king richard said when he stabbed the other king in the tower , before he smothered the babies .	经营首先 , 正如王理查德说 , 当他在塔里站着另一个王时 , 就在他吸烟婴儿之前 , 就像王理查德说 。
porous silicon and its preparation technology have been used broadly in the fields of microsensors because of its special p...	多孔硅和其制备技术在微传感器领域广泛应用于微传感器的特殊领域 。
it looks as if that safety device is gone in this campaign and nothing will protect them from the hurt of failure at liverpool this evening .	看起来如果安全装置在这场活动中 , 没有什么都会保护他们在利物浦失败的利物浦 。
these images are from messenger , a nasa discovery mission to conduct the first orbital study of the innermost planet , mercury .	这些图像来自mesenger , 一个nasa发现任务来执行最初的轨道研究 。
my former teacher told me that as an english major i should read major barbara , one of the major plays by g . b . shaw .	我前老师告诉我 , 作为英语大师我应该读大巴巴拉 , 其中一个主要的球员之一 。
jerome sans , curator of the exhibit , says liu's work shows one reality of a modernizing china the people who are left behind .	刘作品的顾客jeromsamns说 , 刘的作品显示了一个现代化的中国人在后面留下的中国人 。
with the three treasures he winged his way back to heaven . when he got outside the pearly gates , he decided to examine his mementos .	随着三棵宝石的走回天堂 , 他决定检查他的墨西哥 。
they may touch cheeks , lips , chests , legs , and feel their partner’s hand along their back , thighs , or stomach .	他们可能触摸脸颊、唇部、胸部、腿部 , 感觉他们的伴侣沿着他们的背部、大腿或胃部 。
the regional climate response to land use and land cover changes of arid region in china is studied by a regional climate model .	利用区域气候模型研究了我国土地利用和土地覆盖变化的区域气候响应 。
se plays its biofunction through selenoprotein , of which selenoprotein p is a special isoform with 10 se cysteines .	其中选择蛋白p是一种具有10个细胞素的特殊异性的isoform 。
it showed that the concentration of chci_3 and ccl_4 were higher in waterworks than in source water , especially for ccl_4 .	结果表明 , 水源水中chci3和ccl4浓度较高 , 尤其是ccl4 。
also , it should have a few big bombing scenes that could provide moments of action and destruction , so it is likely to be both fun and titillating .	另外 , 它应该有几个大爆炸场景 , 可以提供动作和破坏时刻 , 所以这可能是有趣的和直觉的 。
the bus was reaching the hill top and will go downhill after a turn . the right side of the bus was facing an unfathomable cliff .	公共汽车正在达到山顶 , 将在一轮之后落下 。 公共汽车的右侧面面临着一个不可信的障碍 。
“i want to be fair to my employees , ” explains mary ellen elia , hillsborough’s superintendent .	" 我想成为我的员工公平 , " 希拉斯堡的超级员工玛丽·艾利亚解释说 。
bookable associated or nonassociated facility such as a commentary position , observer seat , camera position , etc .	书籍相关或非相关设施如评论位置、观察座位、摄像机位等 。
it has been used by science communicators worldwide to develop strategies for involving the public in decisions relating to science progress .	由科学通信者全球范围内开发战略 , 涉及科学进展的决策 。
denmark led the pack with 72% of people reporting that they were thriving , while the united states came in at no . 12 , with 59% .	丹麦带领了72%的人报道说他们在12月12日发生的时候 , 美国人民占59% 。
this article explores these considerations and discusses how an air or watercooled system can help you optimize your mig or tig welding performance .	本文探讨这些考虑并讨论空气或冷却系统如何能够帮助您优化您的mig或tg焊接性能 。
there are some differences among them , the temporization is as much as the transcendent , but they enrich and develop the text theory together .	它们之间有一些差异 , 温度化与过渡相比 , 但它们丰富并共同发展文本理论 。
the academy awards started the visualeffectscategory in 1963 , though it was called “special effects” at the time .	学术奖颁奖于1963年开始视觉效果分类 , 虽然它被称为 " 特殊效果 " 。
join exnavy seal richard " mack " machowicz on a wild ride around the globe in search of the ultimate weapon .	加入密封理查德 " 马克 " 机器 , 在搜索最终武器的野生骑行中 , 在全球范围内搜索 。
i called my dad and it seemed that he had been waiting for the call and picked up and gave me the address incredibly efficiently .	我叫我的爸爸 , 看起来他等着电话 , 把地址给我很有效地址 。
deals heavy damage to your target over 9 seconds , and greatly reduces their armor . only usable from the sides or rear .	把重损伤交给目标超过9秒以上的目标 , 大大减少他们的arar , 只有从侧或后面使用 。
the division of malaria control of kenya , working with an international research team , has been monitoring the coverage and impact of this intervention .	肯尼亚的马拉里亚控制部门 , 与国际研究团队一直监测这种干预的覆盖和影响 。
it can be deployed within 30 minutes , and its selfmanaging , selfhealing capabilities minimize the need for human intervention .	它可以在30分钟内部部部署 , 其自我管理 , 自卫生能力减少人类干预的需要 。
pd ports has submitted plans to develop a us$102 million import centre at teesport for the use of a major uk retailer .	pd港已提交计划开发美国10200万美元的进口中心 , 为英国零售商开发一个主要的英国进口中心 。
sentimental , timid and small nonpoint , prince of frozen cold , blunt nerve cavalier , dance big triangle !	情绪 , 潮湿小的非点 , 冰冻冷的王子 , 蓝神经柜 , 舞大三角 !
land disposal laws made it progressively easier for farmers to purchase undeveloped land from the huge public domain .	土地分散法使农民逐渐易于购买大型公共领域的未开发地区 。
in answer one mode you can set a predefined number and select the number of rings after which the phone should autoanswer .	在答案一个模式中 , 您可以设置预定义的数字并在哪个手机应该自动答复后选择的环数 。
approximately 20 , 000 employees at over 800 locations worldwide provide technology , system and knowhow optimization .	全球800多名员工大约20 , 000名员工在全球范围内提供技术、系统和知识优化 。
the next time you experience one of these emotions and you cannot figure out where it came from perhaps it came before your physical birth .	下次你经历了这些情绪之一 , 你不能从身体出生之前来到哪里 。
china , in short , would like to consolidate its industry into companies resembling bloomberg , time warner and viacom , analysts say .	分析师表示 , 中国在短期内 , 将其工业融合到公司 , 与时候战争者和viacom一样 。
if a rac node stops working , oracle will not failover the dtp service until the oracle rac cleanup and recovery is complete .	如果rac节点停止工作 , oracle不会失败dtp服务 , 直到aclerac清理和恢复完成 。
in the nottoodistant past , a developing nation tended to be seen as a country that lacked access to modern technology .	在通知过去 , 一个发展中国家倾向于被视为缺乏现代技术的国家 。
objective to investigate the evaluation of fdgpet delayed image in diagnosis of malignant neoplasm in abdomen .	目的探讨腹部恶性肾肿瘤的fdgpet延迟图像的评价 。
this paper analysed the traits of emergence of malodor contamination in summer and put forward corresponding manipulative measures .	分析了夏季杂交污染的特点 , 提出相应的操作措施 。
methods: by means of colorimetry the complex was determined by combining picric acid and berberine hydrochloride .	方法:采用彩色对称法测定复合磷酸和柏林水氯化物复合物的方法 。
li yiliang was relieved of duties as delegate of the sichuan people's congress due to suspect of taking bribes .	四川人民国会由于嫌疑犯罪 , 李毅江被解雇为职责 。
word of this follows earlier proposals from political advisors , calling on the government to relax the policy .	此言之后 , 来自政治顾问早期提出的话 , 呼吁政府放松政策 。
the reason why the whitecollars suffer increasing workrelated stress is that they pursue work achievement in career .	白领的原因是他们在职业生涯中追求工作成绩的追求 。
and then all this earthquake happened , i thought , is that karma ? when you are not nice that bad things happen to you .	然后所有这个地震发生了 , 我想 , 那是卡马 ? 当你不太好的事情发生在你身上 。
when codified , this collective knowledge makes a valuable extension to software patterns and classified as antipatterns .	当复杂的时候 , 这个集体知识使软件模式有价值扩展成为反模式 。
in this article , the recent achievement and application of magnetic polymer microspheres for immobilized enzyme are summarized .	本文总结了近年来磁聚合物微球的成果及应用 。
elephant trunklike dust pillars point towards the hot blue stars and are telltale signs of their eroding effect .	大象相似的尘埃柱子向热蓝星点向热蓝星发出点 , 并且是他们的愤怒效果的标志 。
but very old unix and linux systems didn't implement the protective mechanism snprintf is supposed to implement .	但是非常旧的unix和linux系统并没有实现保护机制nntf 。
if a shipper should use a p . o . box address , the recipients telephone number must be included on the label .	如果船员应该使用p.o.box地址 , 必须在标签上包含电话号 。
that is the kind of study that we need to have in order to make a final decision about how long we really need to continue dual antiplatelet therapy .	这是我们需要做的一种研究 , 为了做出最终决定我们需要继续双板治疗的决定 。
for whatever reason , i tend to think of him as a lowprofile “insider , ” but his publication history belies this image .	无论什么原因 , 我往往认为他是一个低文件 " 中文 " , 但他的出版历史相信这张图片 。
vila formerlyequaly sneaked in the goal for the national sports team , this time he scored against england .	维拉先前平等在国家体育团队的目标上突破 , 这次他对英格兰进行攻击 。
the parents of old is old son return very jubilate , let an eldest son help its arrange the job immediately .	老儿的父母是很合法的 , 让一个最老的儿子立即安排工作 。
the energy centres are located at major branchings of the human nerve system from the base of the spine to the top of the head .	能量中心位于人神经系统的主要分支 。
you must trust your instinct when deciding on one specific business motivational speaker to rule and guide your team .	当决定一个特定的业务动机发言人来规则和指导你的团队时 , 你必须信任您的本体 。
an initial version of a new connection web site , the clinical and translational science network , will be launched soon .	最初版本新连接网站 , 临床和翻译科学网络将很快发布 。
breakage is an important factor to influence wetting deformation of coarsegrained materials ; and farther study is necessary .	破坏是影响粗粒材料湿变形的重要因素 , 较好的研究需要 。
the working principle of 3d scanning with structured light and the system calibration of atos optical scanner are introduced .	介绍了3d扫描仪的工作原理 , 并介绍了atos光扫描仪的系统校正原理 。
the world health organization has sent inspectors to the granjas carroll farm . the results of the investigation have not been announced .	世界卫生组织发送检查人员向格兰贾斯卡罗尔农场发送检查 。 调查结果并未公布 。
signing signature right have the attribute of personal right , involving status right and personality right , and property right and absolute right .	签署签名权有个人权利的属性 , 涉及地位权利和财产权利的属性 。
this article is a perspective study on its physical , chemical , biological properties and the immunochemical detecting methods .	本文研究了其物理、化学、生物学性能及免疫化学检测方法 。
general macarthur described the weapon as " one of the strongest contributing factors to our victory in the pacific " .	一般宏观描述了武器作为太平洋胜利中最强的贡献因素之一 。
but the team concluded that those anomalies were created by jumbling of strata when debris flowed back into the crater after the impact .	但是这支球队结论 , 这些异常被破坏后的冲击所造成的岩浆造成的岩浆 。
likewise must the deacons be grave , not doubletongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;	同样 , 同样必须是灰色的 , 不要双重的 , 不要给许多葡萄酒 , 不要贪婪过滤的葡萄酒 ;
the two size mixtures of grafting starch and pva1799 were blending , and the stability of solution system was analyzed .	分析了移植淀粉和pva1799的两种尺寸混合物 , 分析了溶液稳定性 。
the preconcentrated juice is provided to a multieffect evaporator , which removes a second portion of water to form a concentrate .	先集中的汁为多效蒸发器提供了一个多效果蒸发器 , 将第二部分水分离成一个集中 。
in the summer of 1974 , an ancient junk of sung dynasty was excavated in quanzhou bay , fujian province .	1974年夏天 , 福建省松州湾古湖湾被挖掘 。
to say that travel is the luxury – and not necessity – of the fossil fuel generation is an oversimplification .	要说旅行是奢华的 , 而不必要的化石燃料生成是一个超简化 。
this is in vertical position . 149 . 9 but i would think that the uncertainty of my measurement is probably 1 millimeter .	这是垂直位置.149.9.9 , 但我认为我测量的不确定性可能是1毫米 。
this paper is an analysis on the current situation of internal accounting control within the agricultural research institutions .	本文对农业研究机构内部会计控制现状进行了分析 。
glass shows chemical inertness in the daily environment and does not react with living things , so it has extensive applications .	玻璃在日常环境中显示化学插入 , 没有与生活事物反应 , 所以它具有广泛的应用 。
the first total synthesis of squamosamide was achieved in seven steps by us , with an over all yield of 14% .	第一步实现方胺的总合成 , 经过14%以上所有的产量 。
for example , if the registrar at a university is also taking courses , he or she may play the role of both student and registrar .	例如 , 如果在一所大学的注册人员也在采取课程 , 他或她可能会扮演学生和注册的角色 。
migration results of the seg foothills overthrust model synthetic data shows that this approach is in high imaging accuracy .	sgfothills超rust模型的迁移结果表明 , 该方法在成像精度高 。
we will ensure an adequate supply of agricultural products and increase farmers’ incomes through multiple channels .	我们将确保农业产品的充足供应 , 并通过多渠道增加农民收入 。
objective to know mycobacterium culture , bacterial type and medicine sensitiveness of outerpulmonary tuberculosis .	目的了解乳杆菌培养、细菌类型及药敏感性 。
analysis has been carried out on the main factors which make the whole structure to be simplified , dutylightened and visualized .	分析了整个结构的主要因素 , 简化了负光和视觉化 。
synergism of certain essential oils when mixed with other essential oils or synthetic insecticides .	当混合其他原油或合成杀虫剂混合时 , 某些必要油的协同主义 。
this means , there are no hidden elements that could improve the renderings later , making it easier for you to follow along .	这意味着 , 没有隐藏元素可以稍后提高渲染力 , 使你跟踪它更容易 。
this example presents graphically , . the confidence level and uncertainty limit of gaussian of uniform r . v . .	本例给出了图形上 , 信心水平和不确定的gussa均匀r.v 。
the tube deformation characteristics on assel mill are deformation concentrating at shoulder and wall thickness in rolling zone increasing .	沥青矿的管变形特征是在滚动区的肩部和墙厚度的变形特征 。
generally that , do not the history of the private sector is not yet included in the official history of the history books .	一般来说 , 不要民营部门的历史尚未包括在历史书的官方历史上 。
the 21st century is info society , and info security is one of the part of our national security stratagems .	21世纪是印度社会 , 印度四个安全是我国安全领域的一部分 。
the effects of particle size of tungsten powders and tac quantity on densification and grain size were investigated .	研究了钨粉粒子大小和tac量对密度和谷粒大小的影响 。
the drug resistant rates of two kinds of staphylococcus were similar , drug resistance to vancomycin was both 0 .	两种耐药率相似 , 耐药率为0 。
stealth technologies , target characteristics and detection technologies for the stealth cruise missile are discussed .	讨论了蒸汽技术、目标特点及检测技术 。
objective to study high frequency color doppler ultrasound in pulmonary artery place affection imaging on children .	目的探讨高频色多普勒超声对儿童肺动脉造影的影响 。
the third rules are has carried on the numerical control complex components the processing programming as well as the simulation process .	第三个规则在数控复杂程序和模拟过程中进行了数控组件的数控规则 。
objective: to discuss the feasibility of twodimensional ion chamber array in daily quality assurance of accelerator .	目的:探讨加速器日常质量保证双维离子室阵列的可行性 。
educational ethnography is a research model or method that is applied the paradigm of ethnography in educational environment .	教育教育教育学是教育环境中的一个研究模式或方法 。
with the rapid development of industrialization today , industrial accident have become a common personal injury accident .	随着工业化的迅速发展 , 工业事故已成为一个常见的个人伤害事故 。
however , the poll showed people were less willing to date someone with a lifelong sexually transmitted disease or someone with poor hygiene .	然而 , 调查显示 , 人们愿意与一个生命长的性传播疾病或有穷的卫生人日期更少 。
using coordinate rotation based on pwave particle vibration , aligning the source components at different depths have been achieved .	利用p波粒子振动协调旋转 , 实现了不同深度的源组件 。
electric heating pads are cumbersome , generally inflexible , and don't work away from a source of electricity .	电热垫是数量的 , 通常不灵活的 , 而且不要从电源出发工作 。
" zhuangzi " is the the warring states period zhuangzhou's works , which is one of the important classics of taoism .	" 庄子 " 是武国时期张州的作品之一 , 这是道教的重要经典之一 。
the other compounds or treatment concentrations had no clear attractive or repellent action against the female adults .	其他化合物或治疗浓度没有明确的吸引力或反应的女性成年人 。
oblivious to its cause , this scientist called the photography company and ordered a replacement for the " defective " film .	明显的原因 , 这个科学家称作摄影公司并订购了 " 缺陷 " 的替代 。
today and the coming next 10 days , i will be doing overtime at chq due to the huge amount of customer orders .	今天和未来10天 , 我会在chq上做过多次的客户订单 。
he said he would ask congress to increase aid to pakistan but in return he expected pakistan to tackle the safe havens .	他表示 , 他将要求国会增加援助巴基斯坦 , 但他希望巴基斯坦应该采取安全的援助 。
if i use mms early and wisely , i may never have another cold , bronchitis , flu , or pneumonia in the future .	如果我早期和智慧地使用mms , 我可能永远不会有另一个寒冷、肺炎或未来的肺炎 。
maybe there will be some kind of backlash when they hit adolescence , but at least they will have had most of their lives to assimilate the information .	也许 , 当他们打青少年时会有一些背景 , 但至少他们有大多数生活都会同样这些信息 。
eclipse lets you automatically generate the hashcode and equals methods for your classes so you don't have to do it yourself .	eclipse让您自动生成hah代码和等于类的方法 , 这样你不必做它 。
the architect determines which use cases can be implemented by preexisting applications or services and which use cases need to be constructed or extended .	建筑师可以通过预先应用程序或服务实现的情况来确定使用情况或扩展 。
we should rather recognize in it the speculative spirit of our language rising above the me 'eitheror' of understanding .	我们不应该认识到我们的语言上升的猜测精神 。
because microflows perform better than longrunning processes , use a microflow for your proxy process implementation if possible .	由于微流比长跑步过程更好 , 如果可能的话 , 使用一个微流来实现代理过程 。
but the stapes would not take on its familiar role as a component of the terrestrially adapted tympanic ear for millions of years .	然而 , 这个状态不会像数百万年来严格适应的典型耳朵一样 。
kim jongil inspects the newlybuilt kanggye farm at chagang province . photo released on december 11 , 2009 .	2009年12月11日 , 金刚检查新建康吉农场 , 照片发布在2009年12月11日 。
red colobus monkeys would be among the primates most threatened by warminginduced leaf changes , a new study says .	一项新的研究显示 , 红色猴子将是最受热导致叶变化的威胁的最重要的 。
inspired participation in your game is choosing to engage in something that matters to you , playing it fully and enjoying it .	参与游戏的激励参与是选择在某些事情中进行的东西 , 玩完全享受它 。
you shouldn't ask your date if they're having a good time , and you shouldn't ask the interviewer how you did at the end of the interview .	你不应该问你的日期 , 如果他们有好的时间 , 你不应该问你在面试结束时怎么做 。
and us retail major walmart has ruled that from 2008 , all its deep freezers in the us and worldwide will be lit up with leds .	美国零售主要沃尔玛在2008年执行 , 全球各地的深度冻结者将与led相关 。
the authors noted that prospective , randomized , placebocontrolled trials are needed to confirm the findings of this observational study .	作者指出 , 随机 , 安慰剂控制试验需要确定该观察研究的结果 。
you know no more about unicorns than i do , for i've read the same books and heard the same stories , and i've never seen one either .	你不知道比我所做的更多关于不错的事情 , 因为我读过相同的书 , 听到同样的故事 , 我从未见过过一个 。
he says p2p players do almost everything that banks do—market products , evaluate borrowers , underwrite and service loans .	他说p2p玩家几乎所有这些银行做的事情都是市场产品 , 评估借款者 , 下面和服务贷款 。
in the case of the sales house the program required linear movement from one end of the building to the other as a device to move people through .	在销售商房需要线性运动的情况下 , 从建筑的一端到另一个设备移动人们 。
tea attained the prime in tang dynasty , which spread from southwest china through yangtze river over thousands of years .	茶在唐代以茶为主 , 传播在中国西南地区 , 经过数千年的长江 。
after a long day at the office , you might be inclined to stagger home and collapse in front of your new flatscreen television .	经过长一天的办公室后 , 你可能会在你新平台电视台前突破家庭和崩溃 。
in india , 8 . 6% of girls aged between 15 and 19 are having babies ; in nepal , that figure tops 10% .	在印度 , 8.6%的女孩在15岁至19岁之间有婴儿 ; 在尼泊尔 , 这个数字占10% 。
kate's story examines kate's life as a photographer and accessories buyer , as well as being a party girl .	凯特的故事检查凯特的摄影师和访问买家凯特的生活 , 以及成为党女孩 。
everyone can make you smile . many people can make you cry . but it takes someone really special to make you smile with tears in your eyes .	每个人都可以让你微笑 , 很多人可以哭泣 , 但是它需要一个人真的特别让你笑着眼睛的泪水 。
as former marine and dog handler mike dowling put it in an interview , " as long as the dog is with the handler , he's loving life . "	正如前海洋和狗处理器迈克·迈克在采访中放下来 , " 只要狗与手柄一样 , 他就爱生活了 。 "
also while he was at disney , burton developed his blackandwhite short frankenweenie , about a boy who revives his dead dog .	同时他在迪士尼的时候 , 布尔顿开发了他的黑白色短白色的弗兰克韦尼 , 大约一个男孩被送到死狗的男孩 。
one expert argued that , for years , the united states has underinvested in technologies to make automobiles more fuelefficient .	一位专家认为 , 多年来 , 美国在技术上投资了汽车更多的燃料 。
people who are worried about losing their jobs do things that keep them from getting laid off they drink less and take fewer risks .	那些担心失去工作的人 , 让他们从饮用更少的风险来保持他们的工作 。
pointing at a large concrete building in central zlitan , the man added: " they have a close watch on all our movements .	男子补充说: " 在一个大型混凝土建筑中心的扎利坦 , 这些建筑都有密切的看着我们的运动 。 "
hi frank if u had to release a single wot type of stuff would using about and would u like to do a duet wiv anyone ?	您是否必须释放一个单独的twf类型的东西会使用 , u想做一台杜兰电视的话 ?
but when it comes to studenttofaculty ratio , their rankings drop , with tsinghua at 22th and peking at 23rd .	但是当它来到学生困难率时 , 他们的排名下降了22和23rd 。
the paper has put forward a new method for quickly and accurately predicting the shelf life of silastic with the least experiments and cost .	本文提出了一种快速预测弹性寿命的新方法 , 并准确预测弹性寿命的最小实验和成本 。
also check out your cellphone or pda—you'll never miss a deadline when your schedule is in your pocket or purse .	还要检查你的手机或pda-你永远不会错过你的计划在你的口袋或追求的时候 。
in fact , susquehanna says , in january “kayak was priceline’s fifth largest source of traffic worldwide . ”	事实上 , 苏珊娜在一月份说 , " 卡亚克是世界第五大交通源头 。 "
we want 4 . 000 friends to our account only from greece and who will be mainly be advertising companies or type centers !	我们只要4000个朋友来自希腊 , 谁主要是广告公司或类型中心 !
those who believe that transparency has inherent value , or that it should be the norm , may initially have difficulties with this approach .	相信透明度的那些相信透明度有内在价值 , 或者它应该是正常的 , 可能最初有困难 。
you can use this technique when you need to separate an input array into two or more smaller arrays based on criteria in the input data .	您可以在输入数据中分开输入阵列时使用这个技术 。
the dow jones industrial average rose 178 . 08 points , or 1 . 53 percent , at 11 , 836 . 04 .	道琼斯工业平均上涨178.08点 , 或1.53% , 11836.04点 。
it's a step up , procedurally , from the bigbang model , in that it at least requires some idea of what the product requirements are .	它是一个步骤 , 程序上来自大港模型的步骤 , 至少需要一些产品需求的想法 。
high quality steamed bread was made with adding a proper quantity of baking soybean flour or dietary fiber made from soybean hulls .	高质量蒸汽面包加入大豆粉或饮食纤维的合适量 。
the chemist jeanbaptiste dumas , french minister of agriculture , was charged with stopping the epidemic .	法国农业部长jeanbaptiste杜马斯 , 被指控停止流行 。
lee scott , the boss of walmart , the world's biggest retailer , is said to see great scope for improving his supply chain .	世界最大的零售商李斯科特说 , 世界上最大的沃尔玛老板李斯科特是为了提高供应链的伟大范围 。
and , israel continues to amass ground troops around gaza in preparation for a possible ground offensive .	此外 , 以色列继续在加沙周围的地面部队准备可能的地面防御 。
tourists go to the beach , they go to lamu island , they go to malindi , they go to mombasa , they sit and drink beer .	游客去海滩 , 他们去拉穆岛 , 他们去马林迪 , 他们去莫巴拉 , 他们坐着喝啤酒 。
sife is an incubator , breeding a lovingheart , nourishing selfconfidence and producing many a young group which can do well .	西格是一名吸引者 , 养育一个爱心 , 养养养自信和生产许多年轻的小组可以做得很好 。
it is the cunning of reason , no doubt , but one has to recognize the cunning of the reasoner , and take one's hat off to him .	这是理由的惩罚 , 没有疑问 , 只有一个人必须认识理由的惩罚 , 然后把一只帽子放到他身上 。
more gratifying is the fabric after cold rolling feel softer , quality improves , as benign and usher in a new customer .	更严格的是在冷轧感觉柔软后的织物 , 质量改善 , 作为新客户的良好和用户 。
using pictures taken with the spitzer space telescope , scientists first removed light from closer stars and galaxies .	利用精子空间望远镜拍摄的图片 , 科学家首先从近星和星系中删除光 。
help your child set her own achievable goals she'll learn to take pride in herself and rely less on approval or reward from others .	帮助你的孩子设置自己的可实现目标 , 她将学会在自己中获得骄傲 , 依靠别人的批准或奖励 。
second , libya's cities and oases are islands in a sea of sand and of pivotal importance as supply depots .	第二 , 利比亚的城市和奥斯岛是沙滩和海洋的重要性 。
other names for this bird are celebes imperial pigeon , celebes green imperial pigeon and green imperial pigeon .	鸟类的其他名字是白蜂帝国鸽子 , 白蜂皇帝鸽子和绿色帝国鸽子 。
keep it clean , clear , pseudo impartial , but definitely focused on benefits for specific customers .	保持它清洁 , 清晰 , 伪装不完全 , 但绝对关注特定客户的好处 。
a major part of economic theory deals with largescale phenomena such as stock market fluctuations or gross national products .	经济理论的主要部分 , 包括股市流动或谷歌民族产品等大规模现象 。
step 7: social life giving yourself a break from the activity which is stressing you is as good a relaxation tool as any .	第七步:社会生活给自己带来一个突破 , 压力你是一个好的放松工具 。
and in the case of the completely inelastic collisions that we have seen last time , we lost kinetic energy , which was converted to heat .	在最后一次我们看到的完全弹性碰撞中 , 我们失去了动力能量 , 这将转换为热 。
also , gypsies may be buying pieces of land on green belts and have little or no knowledge of the administration system .	另外 , 体育可能在绿带购买一片土地 , 并且没有知识管理体系 。
spanish is what we call a " romance " language , meaning that it is based on latin , the language of the ancient roman empire .	西班牙是我们所称的 " 浪漫 " 语言 , 意味着它是根据拉丁语 , 古罗马帝国语言 。
apple is allowing publishers to set their own prices , and the titles shown at the demo retailed for $12 . 99 and under .	苹果允许出版商设置自己的价格 , 而且在民主零售额为12.9美元和下面的名称显示 。
he says celebrities who act like they do not want to be photographed are hypocrites who secretly adore the attention .	他说 , 像他们不想摄影的人一样行动的庆祝活动是那些秘密的注意力的假说 。
a hardness separation system for steel ball based on preventive multifrequency testing eddy current technology was presented .	提出了一种基于预防多频测试eddy现有的硬度分离系统 。
this creates a field with a matching label on the design canvas and automatically binds the field to the node in the instance .	这创建了一个匹配标签的字段 , 在设计蜡烛上自动绑定到节点 。
the activities of pod in the serum , muscle and hepatopancreas of the injected shrimp remained stable .	血清、肌肉、肝胰腺的活性仍然稳定 。
but he was a gallant warrior , and when he rose to make his final adieu his mouth was grimly set and his shoulders were squared .	可是他是一名勇士 , 当他上升时 , 他的最后阿迪乌正在设立 , 他的肩膀被挤了 。
for example , belgium sent four f16 jets and 150 military personnel to help with the libyan nofly zone .	例如 , 贝尔吉um派四个飞行员和150名军方人员来帮助利比亚诺弗区 。
redwinged blackbirds were perched on fence posts . farmers were out in their fields , preparing for another season .	红色的黑鸟在游泳邮件上被看到 。 农民在他们的领域 , 准备另一个季节 。
the state could not curtail such activities without inflaming the entire populace , although it periodically tried .	虽然它周期尝试的时间 , 国家也不能确定这样的活动 。
one brand that's hot in the fashion world is miro , and its trendy designs of clothing and shoes originate in barcelona .	时尚世界的一个品牌是微型的 , 而且它的服饰和鞋饰的趋势设计在巴塞罗那 。
but days later , experiencing something similar while i was alone triggered a memory that made me miss andy acutely .	但天后 , 经历一些类似的东西 , 当我独自触发了一个记忆 , 让我很急地失去安迪 。
at the same time , close study of the text has been an ample reward to use for the effort expended , as we hope it will be to others .	同时 , 关于文本的研究已经是为了支出的努力 , 因为我们希望它将成为其他人 。
the paper is concerned with two aspects:a necessary and sufficient condition for convex hull of a set in e2 being closed ;	本文关注两个方面:关闭e2集输送壳的必要条件和足够条件 ;
in the movies he always wore a fake mustache , had poor man's clothes and often walked funny with a cane .	在这部电影里 , 他总是穿着一个假设的穆斯塔切 , 男人穿着衣服 , 经常用一条罐子走得很有趣 。
france mercilessly crushed rebellions in tonkin , and sat back while over one million vietnamese starved after world war ii .	法国在坦克林的无情冲击反叛 , 而且在二战之后坐在一百万越南星期间 。
as a result , you get two parallel connectors , one for each navigation direction , from screen 1 to screen 3 , and one back .	结果是 , 你得到了两个并行连接器 , 一个为每个导航方向 , 从屏幕1到屏幕3 , 一回 。
yet when standardsize clothes are altered for a man like mr . lefkowitz , the final proportions can come out all wrong .	然而 , 当标准尺寸衣服变成像莱弗科维茨先生这样的男人时 , 最后的比例可以出错 。
the route varies every year , taking riders and fans through mountains , tiny towns , and the streets of paris .	路由每年不同 , 乘客和风扇穿过山、小镇 , 巴黎街 。
qg: you have been practicing in landscape design and urban design for 15 years . did you ever have any frustration in your career ?	问:你曾经在景观设计和城市设计中实践过过过 , 你在你的职业生涯中有什么挫败 ?
an elegant chardonnay from yarra valley with delicious citrus , nectarine and fresh apricot flavors .	来自雅拉谷的雅拉山谷 , 美丽的柑橘 , 尼卡琳和新鲜的杏香 。
" the child stared at him open mouthed and horrified for a minute , then gasped: " didn't you get my email ?	" 孩子们站在他开口口袋里 , 荣耀一分钟 , 然后盖着: " 你没收到我的电子邮件吗 ?
southwest said three planes had cracks similar to those in the phoenix jet and would be repaired before they fly again .	西南表示 , 三架飞机在凤凰喷射中有类似的飞机 , 并且在飞行之前再次修复 。
direct mail and telephone solicitation are such effective fundraising tools that most large social movement organizations use one or both .	直接邮件和电话诉讼是如此有效的基金工具 , 大多数大型社会运动机构使用一个或两个 。
engineers have long known that designing smaller , lighter vehicles is an ideal way to meet tighter fueleconomy standards .	工程师长期知道设计更小 , 轻型车辆是满足较强的燃料经济标准的理想途径 。
listen people the senator is 25 points ahead in the polls but he wants us to keep running scared like we're way behind .	听众参议员25分以前在调查中 , 但他希望我们保持这样的伤害 。
safrian added , “they knew his face , and . . . even after ten days , staying in the sun , his face had not changed ! ”	萨弗里安补充道: " 他们知道自己的脸 , 甚至十天后 , 呆在阳光里 , 他的脸没有改变 ! "
this article clears the measuring coupling relationship between horizontal azimuth and pitch angles by detailed mathematical deduction .	本文通过详细的数学推导 , 阐述了水平动态与坑角之间的耦合关系 。
first , it proved indubitably that she and her husband occupied separate rooms , in itself a shocking enough state of affairs .	首先 , 证明她和丈夫独立的房间 , 在一个足够的冲击状态下 , 她和丈夫就占据了独立的房间 。
it's highly prohibited that nonoperator or nonrepairman should enter the safety protection rails of the mold soaker to avoid scorching .	很大程度上禁止非经营者或非维护人员应进入模具隔离器安全的保护铁路 。
at present , the development and application of acetate fibers in textile industry in some developed countries such as america and japan have been relatively mature .	目前 , 在一些发展中国家和日本等发展中国家加速纤维的发展和应用已经相对成熟 。
the accuracy of the aromas index model of tobacco established in this study on tobacco aromas types was 87 . 9% .	本研究建立的烟草气候指标模型精度为87.9% 。
methods:the models with hyperglycemia were induced by alloxan to observe the effects of balsam pear grande on the blood sugar .	方法:采用异丙烷诱导高血糖模型 , 观察血糖对血糖的影响 。
in addition , the learning content and function structure are abstract to the educational model in practice by eml educational modeling language .	此外 , 通过教育建模语言学习内容和功能结构抽象到教育模式 。
based on geostatistics regionalization variable and variogram , kriging interpolation technology was described in detail .	详细介绍了基于地质统计学区域化变化和变量图的基础上 。
if allowed to come into contact with the skin , croton oil causes blistering and painful skin irritation which can last up to three weeks .	如果允许与皮肤接触 , 克罗顿油会导致皮肤的突出和痛苦的皮肤灌溉 , 可以持续三周 。
the discrete time sliding mode controller design for stability and active power distribution of a twogenerator parallel running system is discussed in this paper .	本文讨论了两代并行运行系统稳定性和活跃功率分布的离散时滑模控制器设计 。
though more cases were reported by the specific reporting system than the routine system , the problem focus on delayed reporting cases . so , it is needed to perfect...	虽然更多的情况是由特定报告系统报告报告系统报告的 , 问题主要关注于延迟报告案例 , 因此 , 需要完善...
more than 500 relief agencies are operating in haiti and the skies are filled with aircraft ferrying supplies to portauprince .	超过500多个救援机构在海地运营 , 飞机发酵供应到港口 。
as a kind of ideal transmission medium in the shortdistance communication network , polymer optical fiber has great foreground of development .	聚合物光纤作为短途通信网络的理想传输介质 , 具有良好的发展前景 。
this amerigo accompanied several expeditions to the new world and actually found a great deal of new land in the southern part of the hemisphere .	这个美国与新世界的几个地区相伴 , 实际上发现了一个很大的新土地 。
alli alloys is a new type of material of airplane construction which rises recently . it is famous at its low modulus of elasticity .	联盟合金是最近崛起的一种新型飞机建筑材料 , 是其弹性低模块 。
and answer is " it " imperative tool settlement does not provide " emissions " regulations and the environmental protection agency for compliance .	答案是 " 执行工具设置不提供 " 排放 " 规定和环境保护机构 。
in the fortieth year of the reign of david they were sought for , and there were found among them mighty men of valour at jazer of gilead .	在大卫的前一年里 , 他们被认为是为了寻找的 , 而且在吉利达的杰拉德有可能的男人 。
compared with economic strength and practical needs of both sides , bilateral business cooperation enjoys huge development potential .	与经济强度和实际需求相比 , 双边业务合作具有巨大的发展潜力 。
the predominance of positive experiences permits the absorption , integration , and mentalization of the negative segment of experience .	积极经验的前提允许吸收、积分和精神化经验的负段 。
dried fish , dried squid , shells , sea cucumbers , shelled shrimp , dried sea snake , agar , and others .	干鱼 , 干燥的松鼠 , 壳子 , 海卷 , 壳壳壳 , 干海蛇 , 糖等 。
with the method of prescribed burning , the effects of burning on leymus chinensis population in inner mongolia steppe were discussed .	结合预埋方法 , 讨论了燃烧对内蒙古族内蒙古人口的影响 。
when phosphate fertilisers are used in such countries , yields increase but at a high cost to farmers and to the environment , he said .	他说 , 当磷肥在这样的国家使用时 , 产量增加 , 但在农民和环境中 , 农民的成本高 。
objective to compare the contents of amygdaloside in ephedra decoctions made by using traditional method with that by soaking granules with boiling water .	目的比较采用传统的方法 , 用加热水浸泡颗粒的方法 , 比较了早期药物中amgdaloide含量 。
only , a dynamics model of bridging fiber is built , fracture dynamics problems of composite materials are solved very well .	唯一 , 建立了一种桥梁纤维动力学模型 , 解决了复合材料的断裂动力学问题 。
christian dior launched a multimedia photo exhibit in shanghai in midmay , showing off its lady dior line of handbags .	基督教离婚者在上海发射了多媒体照片 , 展示了它的手袋的女人离婚线 。
in 2002 , hm king abdullah ii of jordan outlined a strategy to make jordan a regional information technology hub .	2002年 , 约旦国王abdullahii指出了一个策略 , 使约旦一个区域信息技术hb 。
in your life , be sure to make yourself more magnanimous , for a person like that won't be puzzled with insoluble problems and can be optimistic .	在你的生活中 , 肯定要让自己更加聪明 , 因为一个人喜欢这样不会用不可溶解的问题 , 可以乐观 。
art form is an important category in simmel's art thoughts , and is also the expression of aesthetic redeeming in ails .	艺术形式是simmel艺术思想中的重要类别 , 也是ails审美复兴的表现 。
as you will be loving for the longhaul , make sure you avoid the friction , pain , and discomfort that can result from working each other raw by using lube .	正如你要爱长寿 , 确保你避免摩擦 , 痛苦 , 并且不舒服使用卢比来工作彼此原因 。
in some places , one person will play a small gong and sing songs to praise the coming of spring . this person will give a picture of an ox to every household .	在某些地方 , 一个人会玩小门唱歌 , 赞赏春天的歌曲 , 这个人将给每个家庭带来一张牛仔的照片 。
oh , captain butler , you shouldn't hold me so close . i will be mad if you do ! another dance and my reputation will be lost forever .	哦 , 船长蝴蝶 , 你不应该抱住我那么紧密 。 如果你做的话 , 另一个舞蹈 , 我的声誉永远会失去 。
in the long span of the chinese history , the descendants of the yellow emperor have been righteously proud of the existence of the outstanding confucius .	在中国历史悠久的西班牙 , 黄帝的继承者正确骄傲的现有儒家的存在 。
his colossus , whose size would be appropriate to a temple or city square , is a young , crouching , barefoot boy .	他的颜色很适合一个寺庙或城市广场的大小 , 是一个年轻、青春、不足的男孩 。
the results of landscape index of ndvi patch grades in thousand island lake area reflect the status of the plant communities on them well .	数千个岛屿湖区ndvipache水平的景观指标反映了植物群落的现状 。
more organic fertilizer can not only improve soil aggregates structure and basic character , but also be propitious to the effect of water and soil coupling .	更多有机肥料不仅能提高土壤聚集结构和基本特征 , 而且对水土耦合的影响也很明显 。
this unique , easy to rinse formula leaves hair soft , smooth and easy to manage with a fresh , light fragrance .	这种独特的是 , 很容易上升公式的发柔软 , 平滑而易于管理新鲜、轻脆的管理 。
pedrito tried once more to picture his wife and small son , his parents and his relatives , all of whom he felt certain were standing outside .	普里托试图画他的妻子和小儿子 , 他的父母和他的亲戚 , 他感觉到某些人站在外面 。
this paper proposes a threedimension reverse design method of blade based on turbine according to the flow parameters and revolution of pump .	本文根据泵流参数和革命 , 提出了一种基于涡轮机的三维逆向设计方法 。
it now contains a bouquet of highend boutiques , possibly what mr . beane’s joke about those antiques dealers was alluding to .	它现在包含了一个高端的高端波音 , 可能是beane先生对这些反quer的笑话 。
when the new trains start running it will only take one and a half hours . that's just a little longer than it takes to eat lunch and have a nap !	当新火车开始运行时 , 它只需要一半小时 , 那比吃午餐的时间要长 。
sulzer chemtech was built on innovation and the key to our success continues to be ongoing development of new ideas and concepts .	ulzer化学技术在创新和我们成功的关键在于发展新思想和概念的发展 。
however , mscs cocultured with normal hippocampal slices expressed bdnf at a lower level at any times of coculture .	然而 , msc在任何时候都表达了bdnf的低水平 。
of all the fragrances — sandal , tagara , blue lotus and jasmine — the fragrance of virtue is the sweetest .	其中所有的折射都是沙拉、塔加拉、蓝莲和犹太人 , 虚拟的折射是最甜的 。
company is a foreign investment company under b multicountry company , which belonging to the h steel group , the largest steel enterprise in australia .	公司是一家在多国公司的外国投资公司 , 属于澳大利亚最大的钢铁企业 。
according to the hibernate shards documentation , this property is quite expensive and should be turned off in a production environment .	根据hibernateshards文档 , 该属性非常昂贵 , 应该在生产环境中转移 。
uprise shocked regnant group of rome , become acute clique of the noble in curia and the contradiction that civilian sends .	上升冲击了罗马的居民群体 , 成为当前诺贝尔的急性点击和民事派遣的矛盾 。
objective: to study the composition , microstructure and microhardness change of the surface reaction layer of titanium cast with three investments .	目的:探讨钛铸面反应层表面反应层的组成、结构及微硬度变化 。
metrics tool performance and compatibility the volume of our data overwhelmed our hyperion brio desktop metrics tools .	metics工具性能和相容性的数据量超过了我们的超离英国桌面工具 。
literature evaluation: among 3 501 obtained indexes , 35 concerning inclusion criteria were selected for summarized .	文献评价:总结了3501指数之间 , 35个有关的包括标准 。
multiple sizes or alternative facepiece designs can provide the individual with additional options for obtaining a good fit and seal .	多尺寸或替代面部设计可以为获得良好的适合和密封提供更多选择 。
firstly , according to the news text , the figure is found among urban employees which is to say not include people without a work .	首先 , 根据新闻文本的报道 , 城市员工中发现的数字并不包括没有工作的人 。
though wimbourne does not exist in modern britain , there is a wimborne minster a small town on the southern coast of england .	虽然wmbourne没有存在在现代英国 , 但在英国南海岸有一个小城镇 。
also , to stimulate the economy , the government should back low interest loans . uh , this is for housing , cars , bigticket items .	同时 , 刺激经济 , 政府应该回低利贷款 , 这是为房屋、汽车、大型市场项目 。
rebooting geronimo will correct the error for one , but then generate the exception again when the database is accessed by the other .	重新启用geronimo将纠正一个错误 , 但是当数据库访问的时候 , 然后再生出异常 。
kate beckinsale , playing a nurse , declares . " before doolittle's raid , americans knew nothing but defeat ; "	凯特·贝克林斯尔 , 打护士 , 宣布说: " 在多利特雷袭击之前 , 美国人知道没有什么事情但是缺乏 ; "
after analyzing cop cobweb algorithm , an approach for combining background knowledge into category utility was proposed .	通过对copcobwebbweb网络算法分析后 , 提出了一种结合背景知识的方法 。
the root length , the state of root system , stem height , stem basal diameter , biomass of above and belowground were investigated .	研究了根长、根系状态、茎高、茎基直径、上下地下生物量 。
a letter believed to be written by mostafaei was posted on the internet on saturday , calling for the release of his relatives .	一封信信相信 , 大多数信徒在星期六发布在互联网上 , 呼吁他亲戚的释放 。
studies show that the smoking cessation drug such as zyban , available by prescription , helps many people quit without gaining weight .	研究表明 , 吸烟吸烟药例如zyban , 可以通过预订 , 帮助许多人没有获得体重 。
a total of 12 eligible studies representing 7 of 10 incidence groups in 24 jeendemic countries were identified .	确定了24个犹太国家的10个发生组的12个可敏感研究 。
science and real estate development to determine the size of the supply of land to enhance landuse regulation to stop land hoarding behavior .	科学和房地产开发确定土地供应量的大小 , 以提高土地监管 , 阻止土地保护行为 。
then the method of combustion heat is employed to distinguish the stability of heat in different crystal modifications of disperse violet hfrl .	然后采用燃烧热法分散式hfrl不同晶体改性的稳定性 。
the doctorial advisor team construction of the doctorial students is vital to the training qualities of the doctorial students .	医生顾问团队建设医生学生培训质量很重要 。
in this paper , a power balancing method is proposed in multiinput multioutput cellular systems , and ber performance is analysed .	本文针对多输入多输入多输入细胞系统的电力平衡方法 , 分析了光纤性能 。
the clustering technology provides a lowlevel messaging structure which keeps all the nodes in the cluster synchronized .	集群技术为集群同步的低级消息结构提供了一种低级消息结构 。
the flu virus is usually spread in the small droplets of saliva coughed or sneezed into the atmosphere by an infected person .	流感病毒通常是由受感染的人群传播的小滴沙利瓦咳嗽或感染的大气中传播的 。
the xml encryption specification lists a number of required and optional cryptographic algorithms including	xml加密规范列表了多个需要和选择的晶体算法包括包括的内容 。
jinshun warns mingzhang not to break zhenghong and jiahui up or he would divulge mingzhang's true identity .	金顺警告明章不要打破郑中和嘉华 , 或者他会分明张真正身份 。
he seemed studiously to seek out all the tender spots in her consciousness so as to inflict on her the cruellest wounds possible .	他看起来很有意识地寻找她的意识中的所有倾向点 , 因此 , 就要对她最危险的伤口造成冲突 。
research indicated cellular automata modeling technology is one simple effective method to study the dynamic problem of traffic flow .	研究表明 , 细胞自动化建模技术是研究交通流动态问题的一种简单有效方法 。
foreigners can apply for chinese driving license using their respective country's drivers license . the information on the same is as shown below .	外国人可以使用他们的各国司机许可证申请中国驾驶许可证 , 同样是下面的信息 。
the processing of the nonstaple cereals include the processing of oat , buck wheat and barley as well as the preparation of barley malt .	非冻细胞的处理包括加工卵母、鸡小麦和小麦的加工以及制备白玉米的制备 。
the chemical industries special ltd . was a successful example that government and merchants cooperated under the special ltd .	化工业专业有限公司是一家专业有限公司合作的成功例子 。
the wave induced seabed liquefaction is a main attributor to forming of the submarine physiognomy in huanghe river delta .	波浪诱导海底液化是黄河三角洲潜艇生理学的主要属性 。
the algorithm and the learning rule of the neuron adaptive pid controller for pulp consistency control system are described in this paper .	本文介绍了脉冲一致性控制系统神经元自适应pid控制器的算法和学习规律 。
turnofthecentury elocutionists taught their students how to gesture to communicate specific emotions or messages .	数百年来 , 学生如何把特殊情绪或消息传递给学生 。
conductivities measured at room temperatures must be corrected if they are to be used for rocks at depths greater than about 1000m .	房间温度测量的导电性必须正确 , 如果他们在深度上使用的岩石 。
ceramiclined compound copper tube is used in tube mould having excellent service effects and decreasing the production cost of tube blank .	陶瓷化合铜管用于管模具优良的服务效果 , 降低管坯生产成本 。
the " he runs , the nobody smiled ...... " yan sen moment turns the facial statement of face for the cordial style form .	" 他跑了 , 没有人笑...... " 燕敏的时刻变成了正常的风格形式的面声明 。
some strong seedlings in the first four to five leaves and smoke after the second take ear , born in the removal of the ear was spent .	第一四至五叶之后 , 一些强劲的种子在耳朵里出生 , 耳朵的出生是花费的 。
this paper presents the development of a new power coil , which is to address the problem of power supply for online monitoring system in high voltage side of transmission lines .	本文提出了一种新的电源线圈的开发 , 是解决高电压线电压监测系统在线监控系统的问题 。
the retail space in kingkey financial centre in caiwuwei , luohu district , will be launched for prelease shortly .	路华区的关键金融中心的零售空间将短暂发布 。
on december 15 , i reached an omnibus budget agreement with congress , the last major legislative victory of my eight years .	十五年12月15日 , 我与国会达成了一份omnibus预算协议 , 最后的立法胜利是我八年的最后一次 。
it has all the benefits related to loosely coupled architecture , such as code reusability , and it also limits the testing effort required .	它有着密切耦合结构的好处 , 比如代码可重用性 , 它也限制了测试工作 。
like a person swinging a tennis racket in her right hand , the decay of cobalt 60 has an intrinsic handedness that is reversed by a mirror .	就像一个人在右手打网球 , 科巴尔60的衰退已经被镜子扭转的内在手段 。
just as in previous seasons there seems to be no real link between the midfield and the attack , and the need for a new trequartista is glaring .	正如以前的季节似乎没有真正的联系在中场和袭击之间的真正的联系 , 对于一个新的曲线是闪烁的 。
joshua was grateful for god's help . he knew that the israelites would have to fight many battles before they could live happily in their new homeland .	约书亚对上帝的帮助感到欢迎 。 他知道以色列人必须在他们的新家乡生活很多战斗 。
facebook’s ad sales team is now led by carolyn everson , who replaced longtime vp of global sales mike murphy .	facebook的广告销售团队现在被卡罗琳埃弗隆领导 , 他取代了长期的全球销售迈克·穆尔菲 。
at last , we give a example of this model , and analyse some influencing factors of the price of a ratecapped swap with bermudan swaption .	最后 , 我们给出了该模型的例子 , 并分析了某些影响因素 , 与正常的消失相关 。
stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate , but which infrared radiation can .	星球和星球形式在可见光不能渗透的尘埃和气体内形成 , 但红外辐射能 。
but as mr . sandman cautions , an impressively documented process only has the appearance of control , thus having only the feel of mitigating risk .	但是随着沙曼先生的缓存 , 一个印象的文档过程只有控制的出现 , 因此只有减轻风险的感觉 。
her life was often regarded as a fairytale and her legendary marriage to baseball great joe dimaggio was the hallmark of this perception .	她的生活经常被视为一个公平的女性和她传奇的婚姻 , 是这个感觉的哈马克 。
through invoking mathematic library and hybrid programming , the numerical results derived on deepcomp 6800 are satisfactory .	通过调用数学图书馆和混合编程 , 得到了6800深层的数学结果 。
at present , the aids " four frees and one care " policy in tianjin full implementation of the national aids in lowprevalence state .	目前艾滋病 " 四自由一 " 的天津全国艾滋病在低价状态下实施 。
stay positive . don't whine and complain . it gives people a negative impression about your outlook on life and makes people think you are 'grumpy' .	保持积极 。 不要干净和抱怨 , 它给人们关于生活的负面印象 , 让人们认为你是 " 贪婪 " 。
make a list of things you always wanted to do but couldn't because you were raising your kids . maybe it's writing or learning the piano .	让你总是想做的事情列表 , 但是你不能提高你的孩子 , 也许这是写字或学习钢琴 。
dubai's al wasl club is expected to make a formal announcement on signing diego maradona as its coach for the next 2 years .	迪拜的alwal俱乐部预计将在未来2年签署迪奥·马拉纳纳作为教练的正式宣布 。
the guessing problem is troubling because two test takers with same knowledge can end up with different scores or two people with different knowledge levels can end up with same scores .	猜测问题正在困难 , 因为两个同样的知识采取者可以结束不同的知识水平 , 可以结束两个不同的知识水平 。
while most of us head for shelter when we hear a huge storm coming , one daredevil photographer has made it his job to get as close as he can .	当我们大多数人听到大风暴的时候 , 一位敢于电视摄影师在他能接近的工作时 , 就像他一样紧密 。
i’ll finish this guest post by 11:59pm on august 31 . i know this , because if i don’t , i’ll lose $1 , 000 .	我将于8月31日完成这个客人邮件1:59pm 。 我知道 , 因为如果我不会失去1 , 000美元 。
the games lost popularity , however , largely due to the growth of cheating and were abolished by emperor theodosius i in 394 ad .	然而 , 在394年的广告中 , 由于化学成长的游戏大多是因为我在394年被皇帝odi所废弃的 。
the analyzing of the dragon image can make people feel interested , because dragon is an image that has a close relation with traditional chinese culture .	分析龙龙图像能使人们感到兴趣 , 因为龙是一种与传统中国文化密切相关的图像 。
it’s is the age old battle ; good versus evil , arrogance versus humility , handsome versus , well not so handsome .	这是年龄的老战争 ; 善良的邪恶 , 勇敢的浪漫 , 帅气 , 好不太聪明 。
in europa are similar suitable locations for elf transmitters , to be found in areas covered by the baltic and the caledonian shields .	在欧洲 , 同样适合自传输机的地方 , 被平衡和卡利亚盾牌覆盖的地区 。
the sun was shining gloriously , so karen and the old lady went along the footpath through the corn , where it was rather dusty .	阳光亮亮 , 所以卡伦和老太太太太太太太太太太阳沿着玉米穿过玉米的脚路走去了 。
in addition to paying for fuel and wearandtear on a fleet vehicle , the plumbing shop needs to cover the time spent traveling to my home .	除了支付燃料和穿着一辆飞行车的车辆外 , 还需要把时间花到我的家里 。
in places where fragile governments cannot assist us and health infrastructure is nonexistent , fighting the poliovirus is costly .	在脆弱的政府不能帮助我们和健康基础设施不存在的地方 , 战斗政治病毒的成本 。
he spoke as pickup trucks loaded with fighters headed to the front and the thud of mortar shells was heard at twominute intervals .	他在两分钟的间隔听到的时候 , 随着跟战斗车负载的时候 , 摩特壳的ud听到了两分钟 。
" when i first saw al pacino in the film , i , for the first time in my life , thought that i wanted to be like another person , " he recalled .	" 当我第一次在电影中看到alcino时 , 我第一次在我的生活中 , 认为我想像另一个人 , " 他回忆道 。
tarim basin is a huge superposed basin composed of paleozoic cratonic basin and mesocenozoic foreland basin .	塔里姆盆地是由太平洋裂缝盆地和中科盆地组成的一个巨大的超叠盆地 。
background: clusterin has many biological functions , especially the great protection effects on histiocytes in pathological conditions .	背景:集群有许多生物学功能 , 尤其是对病理条件下的巨大的保护作用 。
chatting on line , students can express their feelings and opinions more freely , and even get help with their foreign language studies .	聊天线上 , 学生可以表达自己的感觉和意见更自由 , 甚至有助于外语研究 。
the second argument is that , even if it never came to war , taiwanwould still be an obstacle to better sinoamerican relations .	第二个论点是 , 即使没有来到战争 , 台湾仍然是更好中美关系的障碍 。
the problem is , i have never worked in an office setting and i'm not sure how to go about learning etiquette , how to speak appropriately , etc .	问题是 , 我从未在办公室设置工作 , 我不确定如何去学习礼拜 , 如何适当地讲话等 。
secondly , it proves the academic feasibility of wrh by establishing mathematical model and using the method of comparative analysis .	其次 , 通过数学模型建立 , 证明了wrh的学术可行性 , 并采用比较分析方法 。
how to become hostages escape , agent after school also pay special attention to training " spy " and " videotape likes agent .	如何成为主机逃避 , 学校后的代理也注意培训 " spy " 和 " 视频tape像代理一样 。
in this paper , a company formed through a mcgs one to more than mode of remote monitoring network for monitoring the work of the satellite transmitter .	本文通过mcgs的一家远程监测网络来监测卫星传输器的工作 。
mr . garcía fumes . he would like to see the bankers he considers responsible for the country’s problems taxed and prosecuted .	加利亚先生 , 他想看看银行家负责该国税收问题的责任 。
romans8:32 he who did not spare his own son , but gave him up for us all how will he not also , along with him , graciously give us all things ?	罗马斯8:32他没有把自己的儿子分开 , 可是给我们所有的儿子 , 和他一起 , 很高地给我们所有的东西吗 ?
in practical terms , the west bank has been increasingly separated from east jerusalem , which is still the most populous palestinian city .	实际上 , 西岸已经从东耶路撒冷分离 , 仍然是最受欢迎的巴勒斯坦城市 。
and catch my second software raid article , in which we'll take a look at some more advanced software raid functionality and raid1 .	然后抓住我的第二个软件raid文章 , 在这里我们将采取更先进的软件raid1 。
daily a voice would sound in his head , and his mind's voice would respond with an answer , while he labored at his endless task .	每天的声音会在他的头上听起来 , 心里的声音会响应回答答 , 同时他在无穷的任务上劳动了 。
the present petroleum exploration has trended from structural reservoirs to lithologic and stratigraphic reservoirs .	目前石油勘探从构造水库到岩层和岩层水库中趋势 。
for example , the meridian pertaining to the kidney is named the kidney meridian , and the rest may be deduced by analogy .	例如 , 肾脏的meridian在肾脏中被称为肾脏meridian , 其余的部分可能是由模拟而导致的 。
outside of beaujolais this variety hasn't been very successful but it is cultivated in the loire valley and california .	本品种外部的北极利亚已经不成功 , 但在洛伊谷和加利福尼亚培养 。
david took the philistine's head and brought it to jerusalem , and he put the philistine's weapons in his own tent .	大卫拿了菲律宾的头 , 把它带到耶路撒冷 , 他把菲律宾的武器放在自己的帐篷里 。
the algorithm satisfies the needs of the new character nc machining technique that generates the tool path by the character skeleton .	该算法满足了新字符数控加工技术的需要 。
if such sale was effected without cent by the trustor , and the trusteetrader made up the deficiency on its own , it is binding on the trustor .	如果这样的销售是没有中心的 , 那么信任保险人就会对汽车员进行绑定 , 那么它正在绑定 。
although data is sent synchronously , the protocol provides for resending messages lost during network transmission .	虽然数据同步发送同步发送 , 但协议在网络传输过程中提供依赖消息 。
when the temperature condition is favourable but soil water content is low , the development process is prolonged , and the survival rate is decreased .	当温度条件良好时 , 土壤水含量低 , 发展过程延长 , 生存率降低 。
the physiological state of a vessel is the state of loading physiological pressure in vivo and the zerostress state in vitro .	血管生理状态是血管的负载生理压力状态和体外零应力状态 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowd was busy at handshaking .	轻视葡萄酒 , 优雅混合了香味 , 笑着笑着 , 人群在手上忙着 。
to the extent that state subsidies are cut and privatisation increases , more work often devolves on people who must do that work without pay .	因此 , 国家补贴是削减和隐私化增加的 , 更多的工作往会导致那些不支付的工作的人 。
come back ? " the gold xiao xiao suddenly asks a , the tone is cold , but takes the idea of forcing for several pence . "	回来吗 ? " 金小晓突然问答答答答道 , 肾是冷的 , 但要求几张照片的想法 。 "
clearly determined to look his best , the well turnedout mammal spent a long time carefully checking the rest of his fur for any dirt .	清楚地确定看他最好的 , 好的转身哺乳动物花了很长时间仔细的检查他剩下的四个脏病 。
modern paintings were impressed by the variety of painting and performance of the various kinds of methods in chinese painting found in the selfexpression .	现代绘画在自我表现中发现的各种不同类型的绘画和性能 。
last week , the government published online information and leaflets aimed at persuading pregnant women to have the vaccine .	上周 , 政府发布在线信息和叶片目标说服怀孕妇女有疫苗 。
what legal obligations do aggregators of foaf information have under the dataprotection law in the jurisdiction under which they operate ?	法律义务集团在法官管理下的数据保护法律下的数据保护法律 ?
we spread the blankets inside , and ate our dinner there . soon it got dark and began to rain . the wind blew hard , too .	我们在那里蔓延了白毯子 , 吃我们的晚餐 , 很快就开始雨 , 风也很难 。
most analysis for rock slope stability have dealt with singlefaced slopes with a planar surface of a constant strike .	大多数岩坡稳定性分析表明 , 随着常规冲击的平面而言 , 岩坡稳定性大多数分析 。
the oxfordeducated bachelor was sworn in during an ancient buddhist ritual in a palace overlooking the thimphu valley .	牛津教育馆在一个古老的佛教仪式上被关闭了imphu谷的宫殿里 。
the program also introduced occasional mutationsand randomness , on the off chance that one of them might produce an accidentalgenius .	这个项目还引入了偶尔突变和随机性 , 它们之一可能产生事故的机会 。
stirfried noodle:put it in boiling water until the hard core is vanished , then stirfrying with meat pieces or eggs .	搅拌面条:把它放在锅水中 , 直到硬核被污染 , 然后用肉或蛋搅拌 。
the atime is the last access time of a file , and each time a file is accessed , the underlying file system must record this timestamp .	目标是文件的最后访问时间 , 每次访问文件系统必须记录这个时间戳 。
meanwhile , high temperature zones reduced gradually until fire extinguishments along with the vaporization of water mists .	与此同时 , 高温区逐渐降低 , 直到随着水雾的变化而逐渐消防污染 。
while this type of unauthorized computer intrusion is clearly against the law , the fight against ratting is a challenge .	虽然这类不授权的计算机侵入明显反对法律 , 但对大鼠的战斗是一个挑战 。
the higher the proportion of stateowned shares , the fewer the financing bounds , the smaller the influence of the cash flow on investment .	国有股份的比例越高 , 投资界越少 , 现金流动对投资的影响越小 。
" i propose that we undertake a joint review of nato's and russia's common threats and challenges , " he said .	他说: " 我建议我们在北约和俄罗斯共同威胁和挑战方面进行合作审查 。 "
after hydrolytic lactalbumin was added into media , the vitrified seedlings reduced , but the contamination rate was always very high .	水解乳胺加入了媒体后 , 粘性种子减少 , 但污染率总是很高 。
these hydrolysates yielded the meaty flavoring necessary to make these rapidcooking soups , meaty and so enticing .	这些水解物产生了肉类的味道需要使这些快速烹饪汤、肉类等激励 。
recommended dishes include hakka style brewed bean curd , steamed egg with shrimp , and shrimp dumpling .	建议菜包括haka风格酿制bean曲线 , 用shrimp和shrimp放置蒸汽蛋 。
frequency downshift and upshift of microwaves reflected by laserinduced plasma were detected in the experiments .	研究了激光诱导等离子体反射微波的频率下移和转移 。
rubbish collectors are following behind the procession picking up discarded bottles , bound to be making a big fortune today .	rubish收集器在过程后面采取废弃的瓶子后面 , 绑定今天制造大型财富 。
please accept my sincerely congratulations on your success . i hope letters reporting greater success arrive thick and fast !	请接受我的诚挚祝贺你成功 , 我希望信更成功地到达厚快 !
in beijing, up to 150 police were posted along roads around the zhongnanhai leadership compound in beijing last night .	在北京 , 上午150名警察在北京市中南海领导复合物道路上发布 。
yes , that's a memorable scene in one of my favorite movies , called gorillas in the mist , based on a true story of mrs .	是的 , 这是我最喜欢的电影之一的一个记忆场景 , 叫戈里拉斯先生的真正故事 。
this equipment is extensive to used for food processing plant , food warehouse etc . unit tidies up to go to miscellaneous .	本设备广泛用于食品加工厂、食品仓库等 。 单位倾向于移植 。
founded in1540 , campeche was frequently sacked by buccaneers in the17th century . population , 128 , 434 .	成立于1540年 , 卡佩奇经常被17世纪的buccaneser攻击 。 人口128 , 434 。
the implementation and application of the technology have accumulated experiences for constructing oil and gas storages in other area in our country .	技术实施和应用已经积累了我国其他地区建设油气存储的经验 。
chapter four analyzes the characteristics of university faculty assessment mechanism in jiangsu since the new century .	第四章从新世纪以来江苏大学专业评估机制的特点分析 。
the other names of this dog are chinese pug , dutch bulldog , dutch mastiff , mini mastiff and its country of origin is china .	这条狗的其他名字是中国猪肉、荷兰牛肉、荷兰大屠夫、米尼马斯菲夫和它的国家是中国 。
a new singlecore and doublewinding magnetic field sensor prepared from cobased amorphous ribbon was studied .	研究了一种新型的单核双重磁场传感器 。
let’s admit it—the economy in america is still terrible and it is incredibly difficult to find a job nowadays .	让我们承认 , 美国经济仍然是可怕的 , 很难找到工作的困难 。
ltg cross flow quench airconditioning and its control method were introduced . some modifying opinions on the existing problems were put forward .	介绍了ltg跨流空调控制方法及其控制方法 , 提出了一些改进现有问题的意见 。
the research objects of this thesis are underachievers in junior high school . the research starts by studying underachievers'psychological problems .	本论文的研究对象是青年高中实现的研究对象 , 研究成果的心理问题 。
objective:to investigate the relationship of " dysfunction of the spleen in transport " with gastrointestinal enterocrine cells .	目的:探讨 " 脾功能 " 与胃肠肠肠癌细胞的关系 。
some consumers buy organically grown foods because they believe the products are healthier , tastier and better for the environment .	一些消费者购买有机增长食品 , 因为他们相信产品是健康、味道更好的环境 。
in this work the dynamic response of an fpso to slamming loads in extreme waves was studied by experimental method .	通过实验方法研究了fpso的动态响应 。
worldwide data losses now represent us$40 billion in losses to affected companies and individuals each year , dewalt says .	德瓦尔说 , 世界范围的数据损失现在代表我们每年损失40亿美元的损失 , 影响公司和个人 。
light vied with wine , elegance mixed with fragrance , laughing covered by greetings , the crowed was busy at handshaking .	轻视葡萄酒 , 优雅混合了香味 , 笑着笑着 , 挤挤在手上忙着 。
the different population structures of abies yuanbaoshanensis in different associations reflected the process of succession of community .	不同协会中abyuanbaoshanens的不同人口结构反映了社区的成功过程 。
as it is appeared in the log , that getname method signature is not matching to the wsdl or application servergenerated mapping xml .	正如在日志中出现的那样 , getname方法签名不匹配wsdl或应用服务器生成映射xml 。
the application data section contains the actual data sent from one program to another , and its content and structure are defined by the applications that use it .	应用程序数据部分包含从一个程序发送到另一个程序 , 其内容和结构被使用的应用程序定义 。
east region and nka controlled pw% very well and keep it within year target and also achieve or over 100% ytd gs target !	东区和nka控制pw%很好 , 保持年内目标 , 同时也达到100%的ytdgs目标 !
we need to be mind and body becoming one if the mind can be into the inside of a cell and can penetrate the membrane of a cell intentionally .	我们需要心理和身体 , 如果心脏可以进入细胞内 , 就会渗透细胞的膜 。
brucellosis in sera of 710 samples of milk goats was detected by the application of spa elisa in comparison with sat and cft .	采用sat和cft对比 , 研究了710例牛奶山的布鲁塞细胞化 。
the effect of inkwash in oriental paintings , and its use of lines for spatial delineation are augmented in this work to gain new philosophy .	介绍了墨水在东方绘画中的作用 , 以及其使用空间描述的线条在此工作中获得新的哲学 。
they may point down to your shoe and say , “your shoelace is untied . ” if you believe them and look down to see , you are an april fool then .	他们可能会指着你的鞋子 , 说: " 你们的鞋子是不知的 。 " 如果你相信他们和看 , 你是四月的愚蠢 。
she compulsively or inadvertently places herself at the apex of triangulated relationships and fails to see the pain she causes in the process .	她抱怨或无意地安慰自己在三角关系方面 , 并未能看到她在过程中造成的痛苦 。
conclusion: the main activity of phospholipids on phospholipids complex is to promote the absorption of the cell .	结论:磷磷脂复合物的主要活性是促进细胞吸收 。
cognition software engineering is a subject of application and theory , which needs both high technology and lots of experience from jobs .	认知软件工程是应用和理论的主题 , 需要高科技和大量的工作经验 。
confidence and arrogance is little different , but there are worlds apart . in particular , i hope i can instead of selfsufficiency .	信心和愤怒不一样 , 但有世界范围内 , 特别是我希望我不能自我不足 。
this year the weak economic has admission's officer's nervous that some families may not be able to paid for colleges as planed .	今年的弱经济承认了一些家庭可能不能为大学付出资金 。
the officers open the trunk of their patrol car and pull out what looks like a toy model aircraft with four rotors and a video camera .	官员打开了他们的巡逻车的车辆 , 然后把看起来像一个玩具模型飞机和一个视频摄像机 。
cherubic and deceptively guileless , she used " humour as a dodge , intimacy as a smoke screen " , ms salomon notes .	她用 " 幽默 " 作为吸烟屏幕 " 的 " 吸烟屏幕 " , 萨洛蒙说 。
the miser overheard this . he rushed out and shouted angrily at the servant , " who gave you permission to make promises for me ? "	错误听到这句话 , 他突然在仆人上喊出来 , " 谁给我许可的承诺吗 ? "
dee , sam , ellie linda and ian have promised , if necessary , to carry me on board the balloon . i cannot miss this .	死亡 , 萨姆 , 艾莉琳达和安娜承诺 , 如果必要的话 , 要把我带到巴隆 。 我不能错过这个 。
" if sex is something quite different from love , as you seem to say , then is there any necessity at all to do anything about sex ? " asked the young man .	" 如果性别不同于爱情的东西 , 就像你似乎说的那样 , 那么所有的事情都有什么必要 ? " 年轻人问道 。
i made clear to her how laughable would have been the waywardness of english spelling but for the tragic compulsion we were under to cram it for our examinations .	我清楚她的笑容是英语的道路 , 但对于我们的考试而言 , 我们在悲剧的抱怨下我们的考试 。
check out what your daughter is reading or watching and discuss it with her . encourage her to talk about and question what she's seen or heard .	检查你女儿在阅读或观看她的事情 , 鼓励她和她谈论和问她所看到的事情 。
follow the documents work as per national filing regulations and shanghai regulations , to classify , rank and identify documents .	遵循文件作为每个国家文件规定和上海规定 , 分类、排名和鉴别文件 。
often impulsive , occasionally overeager , danny had to learn to be patient before he could become skilled in the ways of the long con .	经常冲动 , 偶尔过老 , 丹尼必须在长康的途中学到病人 。
the tense man sitting in the pilot's seat swung the plane into the wind and soon they were in the air , though flying erratically .	紧张的男子坐在飞行员坐在飞机座位上 , 很快他们正在空中 , 尽管飞机在空中飞行 。
for long time china paid attention mainly to small leaf tea and neglected the large leaf ones , the tea output and export have decreased day by day .	长期以来 , 中国重点注意小叶茶 , 忽略了大叶子 , 茶叶输出和出口日趋减少 。
in the long long night of endless , much like they have a sweet dream , even if the moment of quiet sleep , but can not do , which is insomnia .	长夜里 , 很多人都有甜蜜的梦想 , 即使安静睡眠的时刻 , 却不能做 , 这种情况是莫尼亚 。
" all this is leading to a lot of bitterness , " said sheikh manzoor ahmed , editor of an indian urdu news agency .	印度urdu新闻机构编辑sheikmanzomed说: " 这都导致很多苦境 。 "
bachelor degree in biochemistry , biology , medicine , or related science with minimum of 5 years of related experience .	生物化学、生物学、医学或相关科学有5年的相关经验 。
conclusion:the method is a little damage , bleeding . it is a safe and handy method during thyroidectomy for manifest thyroid .	结论:该方法是一种小损伤 , 出血 , 是甲状腺切除术中最安全的方法 。
they may also reside on the world wide web , which is the mediarich component of the international communication network known as the internet .	他们也可以在世界广泛的网络上居住 , 这是国际通信网络的媒体组成部分 。
the implementing of transmission line nonsetting protection based on twoterminal information and singleterminal information are included in the paper .	介绍了基于双端信息和单端信息的传输线非传输保护的实现 。
he lives a simple and fragul life . he is indifferent to money and lust . he always missed dining time because of his work .	他生活了一个简单又脆弱的生活 , 他对钱和卢斯有差别 , 他总是因为他的工作而失去了晚餐时间 。
last year , san francisco's board of governors passed a local law banning the use of the chemical in children's products .	去年 , 旧金山政府董事会通过当地法禁止在儿童产品中的化学使用 。
therefore , luo yin is a late tang not allow to neglect writer , its poem obvious region has by the tang to song transition trace .	因此 , 罗宁是一个晚唐不允许忽略作家 , 它的诗歌明显地区由唐到宋传统的特点 。
chelsea was reminded of our roots on monday when sue mears , the great granddaughter of the club's founder paid us a visit .	切尔西星期一被提醒我们的根本在苏格耳朵时 , 俱乐部创始人支付我们的伟大祖父 。
but see , this is just exactly what's wrong with the whole system the nursing home doctors unload this gomer on us because they're unable to treat him...	但看 , 这只是正确的错误 , 整个系统的护理医生把这门医生卸给我们 , 因为他们不能处理他...
objective to evaluate the rodenticide control efficacy of diphacinena salt for a test field and bromadiolone for b test field in camping area .	目的评价二磷纳盐对营区b测试领域的临床控制效果 。
the greater the wind , for the first time this year , wrapped up in the wind to hear the mournful whistle , dry leaves a crowded fall .	今年第一个时候 , 风吹起风吹起来听到蒙蒙古的风 , 干了一群人倒下 。
hughes promised to continue to build the “shared connections” that bring together people who want to live in peace and freedom .	哈格斯承诺继续建立 " shar连接 " 的 " 连接 " , 带来那些想生活在和平和自由的人们 。
for china , at this time , the national revolution was going on among warlords . the actions of imperialism in china were no longer unfettered .	中国当时 , 民族革命正在战争中 , 中国的帝国主义行动不再是不错的 。
today , i have slept for 14 hours . i thought i was very tired . it was time for dinner . i must go ! i am very hungry .	今天 , 我已经睡了14小时 , 我觉得我很疲倦了 。 晚上一定要去 ! 我很饿 !
a leading statesman and presidential aspirant , clay's political intuition earned him the nickname " the great compromiser . "	一个领先的国家主席和总统阿司匹特 , 克莱的政治直觉使他获得了 " 大批评者 " 的镍名字 。
witch : i know what do you want to do , you're a silly girl . however , my dear , i can help you so that your dream can come true .	巫师:我知道你想做什么 , 你是个愚蠢的女孩 。 但是 , 我亲爱的 , 我可以帮助你们的梦能来真的 。
thirdly , treatment of spoken and written examples of the most common words is obviously unbalanced in ldoce3 .	第三 , 治疗最常见的言语和写作例子明显不平衡ldoce3 。
whenever i took the 7 train from flushing , i was always trying to interpret the chinese characters on the newspaper people reading beside me .	每当我从流动的7列车时 , 我总是试图解释在报纸旁读的中国字符 。
while the worst of the price drops appear to be over , home values nationwide are expected to show tiny gains if any throughout 2010 .	虽然最糟糕的价格下降似乎已经过去 , 但如果在2010年完成的话 , 国内价值将会显示小增益 。
if wordofmouth proves effective , american express could engage in viral marketing campaigns designed to create " buzz " .	如果词汇证明有效的话 , 美国表达可以在设计的 " buzz " 的病毒营销活动中进行 。
lionel messi is " playing a kickabout with jesus " but must not make the wrong choices , diego maradona said today .	丹尼尔梅西今天说: " 与耶稣玩踢踢踢 , 但不要做错误的选择 。
if you want to change the name of a samba server to something other than the unix name of the server , use the netbios name parameter .	如果您想改变sammba服务器名称的名称比服务器的unix名称 , 使用网络名称参数 。
the new ipod nano , starting at $149 , comes with an fm receiver and pedometer in addition to the builtin video camera .	新ipodnano , 开始149美元 , 另外还有一个fm接收器和pedometer 。
but swedish newspapers have suggested that the birds had been pecking at salt on the road when they were run over by a passing lorry .	但是瑞典的报纸提示 , 鸟子在路上被一条路上运行的时候 , 鸟儿在路上被一只路上 。
to measure any physiological differences , researchers euthanized certain individuals from each group to study their brain tissues .	为了测量任何生理差异 , 研究人员从每个组中提高某些个人 , 以研究脑组织 。
the english language was first written in the anglosaxon futhorc runic alphabet , in use from the 5th century .	英语的第一篇文章是从5世纪使用的英语语语 。
and we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings .	我们有一个共享的义务 , 确保联邦法院有足够的法官听到这些案件和交付时间规定 。
the visitors' center and the museum provide information about the history of the culture of the ancient pueblo people and about presentday indians .	游客中心和博物馆提供了关于古代人民文化历史的信息和今天印度人民的信息 。
its emperor dances to the tune of a halfvandal general , its powerless senators idle on vast , poorlymanaged estates .	它的皇帝舞蹈到半民族总体的tune , 它的无力参议员在巨大的、贫穷管理的房地产 。
the total mk and type 4 mk levels in both central veins and peripheral arteries rose significantly during cpb .	中央静脉和外周动脉的总mk和4mk水平显著上升 。
it is a very special pleasure for me to have this occasion to publicly express my deep admiration and appreciation for grigori perelman .	这对我来说是一个非常特殊的快乐 , 让我公开表达我对格格格里·佩尔曼的深刻赞赏和欣赏 。
other helpful steps include asking for help from others , using humor , learning to be assertive , and practicing problem solving and time management .	其他有帮助的步骤包括帮助别人 , 使用幽默 , 学习是假设性的 , 实践问题解决和时间管理 。
" this bill misses the mark because it unavoidably leads to higher energy costs for businesses and consumers , " says harman .	哈曼说: " 这项法案错过标志 , 因为它不可避免导致商业和消费者的能源成本更高 。 "
see <wasce_home>/var/directory/server . xml for the configuration properties used by the directory server .	请看<wascehome>/var/目录/服务器.xml用于目录服务器使用的配置属性 。
try it out next time you need to drive your car . cover your left nostril with your thumb and breathe only through your right nostril for one minute .	下次你需要驾驶你的汽车 。 把左鼻子覆盖在你的拇指上 , 只能穿过右鼻子 。
the accident taught them two lessons , they say . no matter how safe the ship , the most mundane human error can sink it .	事故教他们两个课 , 他们说 , 不管船是如何安全的 , 最多的人类错误都会因此而感到伤害 。
the report a month ago was that second quarter growth was even slower than sharply revised forecasts , coming in at only 2 . 4% .	本月前的报告显示 , 第二季度增长比较明显修复预测 , 仅有2.4% 。
customer value need will appear netlike in the future and companies should play the role as both agent and integrator of customer value...	客户价值需出现网络类似未来和公司应该扮演客户价值的代理和集成者 。
a cup or plate that , according to medieval legend , was used by jesus at the last supper and that later became the object of many .	根据中世纪传奇的杯子或板子 , 被耶稣在最后的供应商使用 , 后来成为许多物体 。
in the end , i send them out with a long shopping list , set the timer on my phone to go off in ten minutes and drag colin upstairs .	最后 , 我把他们送出一个长期购物列表 , 设置电话在十分钟内 , 拖着科林上楼 。
anyway , offyear in ah , wish the family is in this year , we can health more happiness of life together is good , not too right , all right .	无论如何 , 离年期 , 希望家庭在今年 , 我们可以健康生活的幸福 , 不太对 , 都是对的 。
mr aliev told msnbc: " we really can hide objects . . . . we can switch for a short moment and make it disappear .	艾莉薇夫先生告诉msnbc: " 我们真的可以隐藏对象 。 我们可以换短的时刻 , 使它消失 。
one of the unique characters in the implementation of russian ecology law is that russian ecosocial groups play a major role .	俄罗斯生态法实施的独特特特特色之一是俄罗斯生态群体扮演重要角色 。
the data was statistically analyzed using frequencies , means , reliability , and gap theory with spss 15 . 0 and excel 2003 .	利用频率、手段、可靠性和差距理论对数据进行统计分析 。
singer celine dion is suing a us supermarket tabloid for $20m over a report which claimed she was pregnant with twins .	一份报告称她怀孕了双胞胎怀孕的报告 , 歌手cealdon正在支持美国超市的超市标签 。
and he would not move until he was sure his men were ready . mcclellan's plan was to put his army on boats in the potomac river .	他不会移动 , 直到他确定他的男人准备好了 。 麦克莱伦的计划是把他的军队放在池塘河里 。
for power distributing , a power scaling plan has been given for this specific a/d converter , achieving good tradeoff between power , area and performance .	为了电力分布 , 给出了一个特定的a/d转换器 , 实现了电力、区域的良好贸易 。
in music teaching , case teaching can be infiltrated into theory teaching and combined with the practice of music class teaching .	在音乐教学中 , 案例教学可以渗入理论教学 , 结合音乐课堂教学的实践 。
this is why the ireland coffee cup is more heatproof than general glass cup , and have the linear reason in color in two golds .	这是为什么爱尔兰咖啡杯比普通玻璃杯更加热量 , 而且在两个金色中有线性的原因 。
these sweeteners are considered safe in moderation so talk with your health care provider about how much nonnutritive sweetener is acceptable during pregnancy .	这些甜蜜者在现代化中被考虑安全 , 所以与您的健康保健提供商谈论在怀孕期间多少非营养性甜蜜 。
results:it could prevent iatrogenic tumorcell spreading and local seeding through the nontumor technique cooperation at operation strictly .	结果:通过严格的非肿瘤合作 , 可以防止血原肿瘤传播和局部种子 。
the paper presented a plan of twodimensional servo four color pattern identification , and its boundary treatment techniques , wh .	本文提出了一种双维伺服四色图形识别的方案 , 以及其边界处理技术 。
a joint sourcechannel decoding scheme implemented by simultaneously decoding and updating parameters based on hmm is proposed .	提出了一种基于hm的同时解决和更新参数的连接源码解码方案 。
several activators were investigated and evaluated to substitute uop's activator act1 used in benfield process for co2 removal .	研究了几个激活器对co2删除过程中使用的uop激活器行为1进行研究和评价 。
so far as " badila " planted in summer was concerned , the number of effective stem and yield were not markedly related to the sowing norm .	迄今为止 " 巴迪拉 " 种植在夏天被关注 , 有效干扰和产量不明显相关的苗条规范 。
like " romance of three kingdoms " in the liu bei , the original selling straw sandals , but later to organize the uprising conquer .	就像刘北三国的浪漫一样 , 原卖草原沙漠的浪漫 , 但后来组织上述后果 。
chaban electronics ltd is a foreign buyer from israel , need to purchase products of telecommunications etc . categories .	chban电子有限公司是以色列买家 , 需要购买电信产品等 。
we have overcompensated for the lack of customer focus in traditional methodologies—by giving control of prioritization to the product owner/manager .	我们对于传统的方法学缺乏客户关注的缺乏 , 因此 , 为产品所有者/经理提供优先化控制 。
when both pieces were finished , arachne saw , to her surprise , that she had been beaten , for the goddess ' design was infinitely superior .	当两件都被完成时 , 阿拉克看到她惊讶的时候 , 为上帝设计无限优越 。
the silts dredged from ocean , lake and river always have different clay contents which lead to different strength of solidified silts .	丝子从海洋、湖泊和河流都有不同的粘土含量 , 导致不同强度的丝子 。
provincial health department as requested in the provincewide establish and improve maternal and child aids prevention and control system block .	省卫生部要求建立并提高妇女援助预防和控制体系 。
professional: a member of national pest control association of america and china mouse and sanitary pest damage prevention and control association .	专业:国家森林控制协会委员、中国小鼠和卫生虫害预防和控制协会成员 。
'juhuanao' and 'nanjing yeju' are potential parents in chrysanthemum breeding for small inflorescences .	" 庄园 " 和 " 南京玉 " 是克里桑族小洪水种植的潜在父母 。
in some cases the salesclerks had just sold the students a pair of shoes — in which they might well have a genuine smile of satisfaction .	在某些情况下 , 销售员刚卖了一双鞋子 , 他们可能有很好的美妙的笑容 。
the main work and achievements are listed as follows:1 ) selfturnoff pulsewidth modulation for oled grayscale controlling .	主要工作和成绩列为以下:1 ) ) 自我创新脉冲调制为老灰色控制 。
made the supplementation , incorporation , modification and necessary deletion of the tabular forms for technical document of construction completion .	通过补充、附件、修改和必要删除建筑完成技术文档的任务形式 。
" the only one with the power to unify the party that has grown hugely is ozawa , " said democratic party lawmaker akihisa nagashima .	" 唯一与权力统一党成长大幅是奥萨瓦 。 " 民主党党法律师阿基萨纳加塞马说 。
that is , 30hour chunks of data which require a search of a spindown parameter as well as sky position . but nothing is set in stone .	这是30小时的数据 , 需要搜索脊柱参数和天空位置的搜索 , 但没有什么设置在石头上 。
it is unforecasted to know a series of consequences the greenhouse effects may bring about , but the socalled benefits are little to count .	无疑知道一系列的后果可能会带来一系列的温室效应 , 但所谓的好处很少是数 。
systemicfunctional linguistics and psycholinguistics are considered as two greatly influential linguistic theories in the twentieth century .	二十世纪体系功能语言学和心理学作为两大影响语言学理论 。
lannes was speaking on saturday at a conference on luxury goods organized by the china europe international business school in shanghai .	上海的欧洲国际商学院举行的一次会议 , 兰尼斯星期六在上海举行了一次会议 。
and jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , who touched my clothes ?	耶稣 , 立刻知道 , 虚拟从他身上走出来 , 把他转到新闻里 , 说 , 谁触摸我的衣服 ?
" baitullah mehsud is now taking on the americans , " said talat masood , a retired pakistani general turned analyst .	" 巴特拉梅赫德现在正在美国人采取的 , " 巴基斯坦退休的巴基斯坦分析师说 。
one of the principles of access to nutrients can not make zengpang food , prunes , raisins , and other worthy when this task .	营养成分的一个原则之一不能使ngpang食品 , runes , 雨水等价值 。
" we just need to stress that to people who drink and drive can really cause a lot of heartaches for families and we need to stop that , " said woodridge .	伍德里奇说: " 我们只需要强调饮料和驱动的人才能真正引起很多家庭的心脏 , 我们需要停止这种感觉 。 "
speaking to reporters , mr . obama said he would devote new energy to diplomacy and other nonmilitary aspects of u . s . global power .	奥巴马对记者说 , 奥巴马先生表示 , 他将把新的能源驱逐到外交和其他非电影方面的全球电力 。
the inspiration to china is to pay attention to role of strategic oil reserve , to increase exploration input and pluralize the oil impo...	中国的激励是关注战略油储备的角色 , 增加探索输入 , 加强油藏的发展 。
it is characterized by extracapsular invasion , metastasis to the cervical lymph nodes or distant organs and histopathological atypia .	它是由外血管侵入、转移到宫颈淋巴节点或远端器官和组织病理异常的特点 。
the frasnian is a critical time interval for understanding paleodiversity variation before the devonian frasnianfamennian mass extinction event .	弗拉斯尼亚是理解多样性变化之前的关键时间间隔 。
this paper first introduced the concept of the teacherstudent interaction and the basic characteristics of the interaction between teachers and students about to find out .	本文首先介绍了老师互动的概念和教师互动的基本特点 。
such cellar recognition events are common to cancer , allergy , viral infection , inflammation , and autoimmune disease .	这种细胞识别事件常见于癌症、过敏感、病毒感染、炎症和自身免疫病 。
canfield , c . ed . report of the lst international ecocity conference , urban ecology and cerro gordo town forum . 1990 .	坎菲尔德 , 《lst国际社会会议报告》 , 城市生态学和cerrogoordo镇论坛》 。
my parents and me begin to have breakfast in the " pudong " airport after we meet with leader of this journey . we take photo with all accompaniers .	我的父母和我开始在这次旅行的领导人遇到早餐 , 我们和所有的陪伴一起照片 。
the index is a value between 0 and 100 , where 100 indicates a lightly loaded server , and 0 is a heavily loaded server .	指数是0和100指数之间的一个值 , 其中100指数显示了一个轻负载服务器 , 而0是重载服务器 。
the effects of recasting on the cv were compared , through directly calculating the castability values of each generation of non ? precious ceramic alloy .	比较了cv的恢复对cv的影响 , 通过直接计算每一代非明显陶瓷合金的稳定性值 。
theoretical analysis and numerical result showed that bifuselage layout was in advantage of single one in view of structure .	理论分析和数值结果表明 , 单个结构的布置布局优于单一结构 。
the natural tightly connection between chaos and fracture is due to the infinite similarities of strange attractor of chaotic dynamic system .	混沌与裂纹之间的自然紧密连接是由于混沌动力学系统的陌生吸引器的无限相似性 。
in addition , it still needs longer follow up to evaluate whether adjuvant chemotherapy can take the place of postoperative radiotherapy .	此外 , 它还需要更长的跟踪化疗是否可以采取术后放射治疗的地方 。
castles and crown golden ...wood and hermit thrush , a type of " bird , " more " than " any program on the horizon retraining .	" 鸟类 " 、 " 鸟类 " 、 " 鸟类 " 等项目都超过 " 水平限制 " 的任何项目 。
the company has importexport trade right , and can provide the overall solution of ship automation system and information system for users at home and abroad and corresponding product .	本公司具有重要的出口贸易权利 , 可为国内外和相应产品提供全面的船舶自动化系统和信息系统 。
this same problem has been seen in the disputes where the propagation ministry of the central government would be made under the executive yuan jurisdiction .	同样的问题在于中央政府的传播部门的争论中看到了同样的问题 。
a great festival would be held , called the yuletide , and a special feast would be served around a fire burning with the yule log .	一个伟大的节日将举行 , 被称为 " 玉米 " , 一个特殊的宴会将与玉米日志一起燃烧 。
this article is the first in a series that will take an updated look at wordnet 2 . 0 and how it can be used with xml and rdf technology .	本文是第一系列将采取更新的视图2.0 , 如何使用xml和rdf技术 。
and it was a welcome break for lakers fans , whose defending twotime champions stumbled into the weekend with three losses in a row .	这是湖人球迷的欢迎突破 , 他的两次冠军在一行中遭受三次损失 。
or at least that's the case according to a majority of americans and britons polled in a new survey by language app babbel .	或者至少 , 根据大多数美国人和英国人在语言应用babel的新调查中调查的情况 。
there are some who will try to pervert this precedent and use xenophobia or nativist arguments to say that every country should be held to the same standard .	有些人会尝试通过预先的和使用xenophobia或者海军主义论坛来说每个国家应该举行同样的标准 。
for example , if a build suite of 8 , 000 automated test cases generates 600 failures , are you realistically able to handle this ?	例如 , 如果建立了8 , 000个自动测试案例生成600个失败 , 你真正能处理这个问题吗 ?
such collaborators could hardly claim a substantial share of the authorship but they would have welldefined tasks , not interfering with other men's work .	这样的合作者几乎不能声称权威的实体份额 , 但他们将有良好的任务 , 不会与其他男性作品相互干扰 。
when liberty goes too far and the voice of social equality arises in the social reality , the system can and should tilts in favor of equality ;	当自由太远的时候 , 社会平等的声音在社会现实中出现的时候 , 系统可以在平等上提高 ;
decanter also noted that china is already moët’s biggest market for its hennessy cognac , and that the champagne market on the mainland is growing each year .	决定者还注意 , 中国已经成为其亨利认知最大的市场 , 而且在大陆的香槟市场每年都在增长 。
the best of america's skaters beamed for the camera . mostly young , they laughed and giggled , their eyes dancing with excitement .	美国最好的滑雪者为摄像机拍摄 。 大多数年轻人笑着笑着 , 他们的眼睛跳着兴奋 。
it became ever more elaborate and expensive during the postwar boom when big companies ruled the roost and when international competition was muted .	当大公司规定了屋顶和国际竞争时 , 大型公司的竞争变得更加聪明和昂贵 。
strangely , since then the world’s banks and news organisations have not rushed to rummage through dustmen’s economic forecasts .	奇怪的是 , 自然世界银行和新闻组织没有通过尘埃曼经济预测来阻止垃圾 。
as with divisions , there are many user initiated events , such as when a user clicks or double clicks within a tag's display space .	与部门一样 , 有许多用户启动的事件 , 比如当用户单击标签显示空间内的双击 。
because cheapy chinese goods are more profitable for the major retailers to handle , they have tended to overemphasize these lower priced items in their promotions .	由于中国廉价的商品对主要零售商进行处理 , 他们倾向于超过这些低价格的推广项目 。
entry to the official stand and stand of honour is therefore controlled at designated pel events by accreditation and tickets jointly and not separately .	因此 , 进入官方站点 , 因此 , 通过接受和票单独控制了pel事件 。
infectious agents present in stools of infected persons are transmitted to uninfected persons through contaminated food or water that is ingested by mouth .	感染药物在感染者的存储中被传送给不受感染的人通过污染的食品或水来传染 。
jr: we have not looked in detail to any other platform yet , but we are sure there are more platforms , applications and sites vulnerable to the same attack .	杰尔:我们还没有详细看任何其他平台 , 但是我们确保有更多的平台、应用程序和站点都可以受到同样的攻击 。
main problems in the reform of the state owned enterprises lie in the sluggishness of the reform of banking system and in the stagnancy of the development of securities market .	国有企业改革的主要问题在于银行制度改革的缓慢性和证券市场稳定性 。
it is the neocivilization view that the core is seeking common ground while reserving differences , peaceful coexistence , codevelopment .	它是新的文明观点 , 核心正在寻求共同的地面 , 储备差异、平等共同性、代码开发 。
music and literature have the characteristic of an exchange in function either in the respect of the choice of the theme or in the forming of artistic structure .	音乐和文学的特点在于艺术结构的选择或形成中都有交流的特点 。
this article proposes the risk recognition featurefactor modeling technology , which is set up on the basis of checklist and flow chart .	本文针对检查列表和流图的基础 , 建立了风险识别特征因素建模技术 。
fasteners at locations connecting panelstostiles shall utilize throughbolted , stainless steel , pinin head torx sex bolt fasteners .	连接面板的密封器应采用无锈钢、无锈钢、pin头毒性螺栓密封 。
in the teaching of probability and statistics , the parameters estimation of linear regression is given by the method of the extremum of function .	在概率和统计学中 , 提出了线性回归的参数估计方法 。
petty revenges are causing too many deaths of innocents . the culprits are blinded by hatred , they don't think about the consequences .	宠物收入引起了太多无辜的死亡 , 公民被帽子盲目 , 他们不认为后果 。
during wei and jin dynasties , the activities of chinese and foreign buddhist limited to the point and the line , lacking of largescale spread .	在魏晋时期 , 中国和外国佛教活动有限于点和线 , 缺乏大规模传播 。
the sheet of water is healthy , it comes from heaven in the first place and next from the earth ; the sheet of air is unhealthy , it comes from the sewer .	水的表面是健康的 , 它来自第一个地球和下一个地球的天堂 ; 空气的表面是不健康的 , 它来自缝纫 。
the razor spam filter provides a serverbased service where you can report spam so that other more users can benefit from your identifying the email as spam .	razorspam滤波器提供了一个基于服务器的服务器服务 , 这样其他用户可以从您的电子邮件中获益 。
i personally don’t enjoy wearing music because i enjoy running , but it is hard for me to be confident because i have only done a 5 mile race .	我个人不喜欢穿音乐 , 因为我喜欢跑步 , 但我很难自信 , 因为我只有5英里的比赛 。
the internet was not a popular hunting ground except in portugal , where about half the surveyed men and women opted to find people online .	除了葡萄牙的葡萄牙 , 网络并不受欢迎的狩猎地面 , 外 , 大约有一半被调查的男人和女人选择在线找到人们 。
this paper explores the characteristics of translation clause in the domains of space , possession and property from the perspective of conceptual frame .	本文从概念框架的角度探讨了跨空间领域翻译条件的特点 。
ripe and polished , a supple red with raspberry and chocolate flavors , finishing with plum and spice , lingering effortlessly .	成熟和粉红 , 用拉斯伯里和巧克力的味道 , 用水和香料完成 , 努力无效 。
you may feel frustrated with the seemingly slow progress you're making in life . remember that god is never in a hurry , but he is always on time .	你可能感到沮丧 , 似乎慢慢的进步 , 记住上帝永远不在匆忙 , 但他总是在时间里 。
for most of us , and especially those of us who have long lists of people who expect us to be back in touch with them , we need “kaizen” programs of our own .	对于大多数人来说 , 尤其是那些希望我们和他们一起回到的长列表的人 , 我们需要 " 公民 " 项目 。
since the letizia scandal , berlusconi has also been fending off accusations of cavorting with escorts who were paid to attend his parties .	伯卢斯科尼自信齐亚丑闻以来 , 同时也在与埃斯科特参加他的派对的scorts进行调查 。
not only had sophie witnessed the fullblown ritual , but her own grandfather had been the celebrant... the grand master of the priory of sion .	不仅有苏菲见到了全流的仪式 , 而且她的祖父却是著名的...女王的祖父 。
though the holt strategy was smart and johnson was willing to fight it out as old versus new , there were two problems with holts approach .	虽然酒店战略很聪明 , 约翰逊愿意把它当作旧版本新 , 但有两个问题与酒店方式相结合 。
no to mention cutting off from internet game , even my most hardworking and boring friends , they were complaining and had been trying to log in their msn .	不要提到互联网游戏 , 甚至我最艰苦的朋友 , 他们正在抱怨并在他们的msn登录 。
the flame normalizing treatments were put forward on steel rail with flash welding , gas pressure welding and aluminium heat welding .	提出了火焰正常处理方法 , 采用闪焊、气压焊接和铝焊接 , 提出了火焰正常处理方法 。
however , before he could finish the feet , another man finished and grabbed the jar from him , saying , " who has ever seen a snake with feet ? "	然而 , 在他能完成脚前 , 另一个人完成了夹子 , 说: " 谁看过一只脚的蛇 ? "
of a decidedly philosophical bent , it does best in areas where planning , theorizing , reorganization and preparation play a primary role .	在决定的哲学博弈中 , 它是规划、理论、重组和准备的最佳领域 。
we end up in an endless cycle of spending and debt and working more and more , and end up with lives filled with goods but empty of meaning and happiness .	我们结束了一个无穷的支出和债务的周期 , 更多的工作 , 结束了生活满满满满意和幸福的生活 。
additionally , websphere everyplace access provides a solution for the occasionallyconnected portal user through access to offline portlets .	另外 , websphere每个代码访问可以通过访问离线portlet提供偶尔连接门户的解决方案 。
there are several hundred english verbs that can introduce a reporting clause and a classification of them is made by logical and semantic criteria .	有几百个英语动词可以引入报告句子和逻辑和语义标准制作的报告句子和分类 。
dr white looked at the records of 8 , 000 people dating back to the 1970s who had all had their iq measured at the ages of five and ten .	白色博士看了8000年纪录的记录 , 000年代所有的iq测量到了5岁和十岁的时候 。
to have any hope of success , olpc recognizes it needs to get away from the goitalone model that characterized the manufacture of the xo machine .	为了有任何希望成功的希望 , olpc认识到它需要从xo机器制造的目标模型中获得远离 。
you must bind a view to this control before you can edit the view . doubleclick the view control to select an existing view or create a new one .	你必须在编辑视图之前绑定这个控制视图 , 双击视图控制来选择现有的视图或创建新的视图 。
dwdm technology has been widely used in longdistance communications , but its high system cost has greatly limited its application into metro area networks .	dwdm技术在长途通信中广泛应用 , 但它的高系统成本很大限制了它的应用到控制区域网络的应用 。
you can implement this solution in the memorybased object cache and by sharing objects on certain servers across the whole cluster .	您可以在基于内存的对象缓存中实现这个解决方案 , 通过在整个集群中分享对象 。
in a lan using a bus topology , a segment is a continuous electrical circuit that is often connected to other such segments with repeaters .	在一个线路拓扑的lan中 , 一个段是连续电路 , 通常与重复器连接的其他部门 。
one of the senior sisters of , maiev shadowsong , had already shown her competence in guarding illidan before he was brought to trial .	一个高级姐妹马里夫·影东森已经在试验之前保护伊利丹的竞争显示她的竞争力 。
when obama was a candidate for president in 2008 , he promised to " take [china] to the mat " on the issues of trade and currency .	奥巴马是2008年奥巴马总统候选人 , 他承诺 " 采取 " 在贸易和货币问题上 。
with increase of one of the perturbation frequencies , the number of the spectral regions and its variation will be different for different dispersion regimes .	随着渗透频率的增加 , 光谱区域的数量和不同分散政策的变化将有不同的差异 。
do your best every time you pick up your instrument or open your mouth–it’s all about building on good habits and communicating with your peeps .	每次你拿起你的仪器或打开你的口袋 , 都是建立好习惯并与你的宠物交流的好习惯 。
goaldirected action is a basic trait of biology , which is also an important standard for identifying whether the entity is alive .	目标直接行动是生物学的基本特征 , 也是确定实体是否活着的重要标准 。
" our interest is that things go back where they were before after olympics , " vuylsteke says . " otherwise this will have an impact on business plans . "	" 我们的兴趣是他们在奥运会之前回到哪里 , " 沃耶尔斯特克说 , " 否则这将对商业计划有影响 。
the xi'an quality and technical supervision bureau coined an english name for the burger in order to further promote the food .	西安质量和技术监督局为了进一步促进食品 。
the british council's global campaign to raise awareness about climate change and the energy challenges facing the world's cities .	英国委员会全球全球运动提高气候变化的认识和面临世界城市面临的能源挑战 。
google's technology requires a little forethought from the merchant , but seems simple and safe in its execution .	谷歌的技术要求从商人中获得少量的想法 , 但看起来很简单和安全 。
the steel frames resist lateral loads applied in the short direction while diagonal bracing stabilizes the building longitudinally .	钢框架在短方向上应用于短方向 , 横向桥梁稳定建筑 。
exhibited in the historical exhibition zone on the eastern side are mostly objects illustrating the glorious progress of china's railway ;	东部历史展览区主要是对中国铁路的荣耀进展 ;
hope this piece of information is of importance to your health in relation to eating instant noodles and please apply this cooking method with immediate effect .	希望这段信息对您的健康有重要意义 , 请立即使用这种烹饪方法 。
but in the process of the industrialization management of rivercrab seedling growth industry , there are certain problems need to solve quickly .	然而在江西种子生长工业化管理过程中 , 需要快速解决某些问题 。
this paper analysed the main reasons that influence the performance of cyclinder head , valve and valve seat in internal combustion engine .	本文分析了影响圆柱头的性能、阀座在内燃发动机中的主要原因 。
the volunteers were informed that the alt key was faulty , and that if it was pressed the computer would crash and all the experimental data would be lost .	志愿者被告知 , lt键是错误的 , 而且如果压缩计算机会破坏并且所有实验数据都会失去 。
the loss of performance is mainly caused by the cutoff plug , the roundtosquare thruster chamber and the opened base of plug .	性能损失主要是由cutof插件引起的 , 圆方推力室和开放的插件基础 。
for he pant isocracy ruled by america , u . s . makes great efforts to increase the " exporting democracy " strategy .	为了他被美国统治 , 美国使 " 出口民主 " 战略增加 " 的努力 。
and america's catholic bishops only last week announced they were finally going to get serious about opposing the death penalty .	上周美国的天主希望只有上周宣布他们最终会对死刑进行严重的反对 。
liliane la fleur: directing a movie is a very overrated job , we all know it . you just have to say yes or no . what else do you do ? nothing .	莉莉安·拉弗里斯:直接电影是一个非常严重的工作 , 我们都知道它 , 你必须说什么 ? 别的事 ?
the object of this thesis is to study the uniqueness problems of meromorphic functions and meromorphic mappings in several complex variables .	本论文的对象是研究几个复杂变量的形态函数与形态映射的独特性问题 。
hemodynamically stable supraventricular arrhythmias may be treated conservatively with observation and discontinuation of digoxin .	血液动态稳定性心动脉动脉动脉动脉动态稳定性心动脉萎缩 , 可保持糖尿病的观察和隔离 。
khaki tote bags and metallic suede clutch bags appeal to you , since you want your accessories to be as eclectic as you are .	哈基告诉袋子和金属套装袋 , 因为你希望你的配件成为电子的时候 , 就像你一样 。
you must add the plugins for websphere application server community edition by clicking the link labeled don't see your server listed ?	你必须添加websphereapplicationserver社区版本的插件吗 ?
catalytic activity of six inorganic salts in the esterification of acetic acid with isoamyl alcohol was studied .	研究了六种有机盐的催化活性 。
objective to investigate the therapeutic outcomes of anemia by means of invigorating the kidney , reinforcing spleen and generating blood .	目的探讨肾脏、加强脾脏和生殖血液的临床疗效 。
the adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented .	提出了一种基于普通微分方程的多身体系统动力学的设计灵敏度分析方法 。
a scanner of holes in cgi is implemented in multithread technology . its scan speed is very quick and holes are easily extended .	cgi的扫描器在多线程技术实现 , 其扫描速度很快 , 且很容易扩展 。
the overtly sexual nature of the body compels the viewer into the position of voyeur , only to reveal itself as an inanimate object .	身体的过度性质强调了视觉者的位置 , 只能揭示自己作为一个侵犯对象 。
acording to the point of views of principle of equivalence theory , the translated brand names should achieve a perfect linguistic u...	根据等价理论的观点 , 翻译品牌应该实现完美的语言学u 。
if the output stream was stdout , and if it was not redirected to a file or a pipe , the selected pages will appear on the screen .	如果输出流是stdout , 如果没有被修改到一个文件或管道 , 那么选择的页面就会出现在屏幕上 。
probe configurations for circumferential , longitudinal and mid wall defects . also for thickness verification and couplant monitoring .	探讨圆偏差、纵向和中壁缺陷的环境配置 , 也为厚度验证和合作监测 。
without opel , gm’s promises to build a fleet of smaller and more fuelefficient cars in north america would lack conviction .	没有opel , gm的承诺在北美建立一个较小的汽车 , 越来越多的富裕的汽车会缺乏信心 。
ab process is used in zibo city wastewater treatment plant to treat municipal wastewater in which more than 80 percent is industrial wastewater .	应用于zibo市废水处理厂的工业废水处理工业废水中80%以上 。
agrees equally well with red meat dishes , blue fish and harder cheeses , and as a dessert , especially with chocolate cake .	同意红肉菜 , 蓝鱼和奶酪一样好 , 尤其是巧克力蛋糕 。
this comprehensive resource includes an international panel of contributors who are leading academics and practitioners in the field .	这个综合资源包括一个国际贡献者 , 包括在领域领导学术和实践者的国际支持者 。
he drank deep from the vapors that welled from the font , learning to blend his spirit with the potency that flowed from far beneath the house ;	他喝着深深深的水泥 , 学习与远处流动的房子的能力混合他的精神 ;
the review of the nation’s nuclear policy is the first since 2001 and the third since the end of the cold war two decades ago .	自2001年以来第三次冷战结束以来 , 国家核政策的审查是国家核政策的第一次审查 。
the individuals involved in this campaign are not only scientifically uninformed , but show absolutely no interest in becoming better informed .	参与这个活动的个人不仅是科学上未知的 , 而且绝对没有对更好的信息感兴趣 。
the selfdeveloped light oil reforming catalyst has well performed in hydrogen production and has substituted the import ones completely at home .	自开发的光油改造催化剂在氢生产中表现良好 , 已经完全替代了进口工具 。
i'm sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two , sessyoumaru and kikyou , the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage .	我肯定每个人都在这里加入我希望你们两个 , 塞俄罗和kikyou , 最好的生活必须在你的婚姻中提供你 。
it can be distributed on several client machines and is able to simulate thousands of virtual users concurrently in various scenarios .	它可以分布在几台客户机上 , 可以模拟数千个虚拟用户并发在各种场景中 。
the vibrated fluidized bed has been used widely in the chemical industry , metallurgy and food industry for drying particle material .	振动液化床广泛应用于化学工业、冶金和食品工业 。
because we've recognized this trend early , we can redistribute our resources to sharpen our focus on criticalpath activities .	因为我们早期认识到这一趋势 , 我们可以重新分配我们的资源来刺激我们的关键路径活动 。
live life in a constant state of awareness , with peaceful thoughts , a dash of forcefulness , and a good measure of faith and spirituality .	生活在不断的意识状态中 , 与平静的思想和平的力量 , 以及信仰和精神的良好措施 。
objective to analyze the clinical characteristics and to appraise the diagnostic criteria and surgical methods of glossopharyngeal neuralgia .	目的分析血管神经障碍的临床特点及评价诊断标准及手术方法 。
most cases were in obvious regional assembled distribution , the cases in northern towns accounted for 78 . 51% of total cases .	大多数情况在明显的区域组装分布中 , 北部城镇占总体病例的78.51% 。
the householders celebrate it jointly suspending all their business , agricultural and commercial activities for the time being .	家庭老板庆祝它共同支持他们的业务、农业和商业活动 。
with continuous product upgrades , implementation of multifiber blended idea , cotton spinning enterprises growing fiber to create value .	随着连续的产品升级 , 实现多纤维混合理念 , 棉花纺织企业创造价值 。
overall , 53 per cent of the french people believe mr sarkozy makes " a good president " , compared to 41 per cent in may .	总体来说 , 53%的法国人相信萨科齐先生使得 " 好总统 " 相比51% 。
resourcehouse said it would supply 30m tons of coal a year to the chinese company , at a price of about $3b a year , starting from about 2014 .	资源家表示 , 今年将为中国公司提供3000万吨的煤炭 , 每年大约3b美元的价格从2014年开始 。
this personal development strategy and tips section offers great suggestions on how to change your behaviour , learn new skills and change personality traits .	这个个人开发策略和提示节对如何改变你的行为、学习新技能和改变个性性特点有很大的建议 。
resizes a data handle based on the data structure of an argument that you pass to the cin . this function does not set the array dimension field .	重新基于您传入cin的数据结构的数据处理 , 这个函数不设置数字尺寸字段 。
amazon web services , which rents computing capacity in its giant data centres to customers , has also won a reputation for being cheap .	amazonweb服务 , 租用巨型数据中心的巨型数据中心 , 也赢得了便宜的声誉 。
the pro version obviously offers more features than the free version and frostwire claims to be the free version of limewire pro .	程序版本明显地提供了比自由版本更多的功能 , 霜冻声称是limewire的免费版本 。
furthermore , kdd cup99 data set is implemented to evaluate the proposed method . the results show the outstanding performance of the proposed method .	此外 , 实现了kdcup9数据集 , 实现了该方法的优秀性能 。
kristin was one of those vivacious teens who loved jesus and lived for him—and whose sudden death leaves us with a million questions .	克里斯汀是那些爱耶稣的年轻人之一 , 生活在他身上 , 突然死亡给我们留下了数百万的问题 。
it is enough to make us feel good . after outsourcing work and torture . after the marriage agencies are now outsourcing even our love life , daily .	这足够让我们感觉很好 。 经过外包工作和耐磨之后 , 婚姻机构正在外包 , 甚至我们的爱 , 日常 。
also last year , the financial times acquired moneymedia , an online provider of news for fund managers that charges a subscription fee .	去年 , 金融时代收购的金融时代 , 一个在线资金经理负责订阅费用的新闻提供商 。
you might start waking up earlier to get used to your new schedule or plan a trip to the new museum exhibit you've been hoping to catch .	你可能早些时候开始醒来 , 去找新规划 , 或者计划一个新的博物馆展示你希望捕捉的旅行 。
ms min q crane , do you really want to marry jennifer ? crane people answer jennifer will be the saviour of our thai jiang group .	你真的想娶珍妮弗 ? 克拉尼弗人回答珍妮弗将是我们的泰国江集团的救生 。
than shwe is expected to meet with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and other senior chinese officials during his fiveday visit .	周五访问中国高级官员胡锦涛总统温家宝和其他高级官员 。
ym: when i was young , i watched a lot of hakim olajuwon play , charles barkley , of course michael jordan .	ym:当我年轻时 , 我看了很多哈克姆奥拉贾文玩耍 , 当然迈克尔·约旦 。
this is how one leaves behind fear based thoughtform and integrates the unity based thoughtform associated with the language of light .	这是一种基于恐惧的思想形式后的叶子 , 与光的语言相关的统一思想形式 。
perfectly eatable fruit and vegetable crops often fail to reach supermarkets due to their size or physical appearance .	完美食用水果和蔬菜作物通常不能达到超市 , 因为它们的大小或物理的外观 。
the project will utilize the powerbuoy technology ocean power technologies which consists of modular , oceangoing buoys .	本项目将利用电源购买技术 , 包括模块、海洋购买 。
the theory of cooperative learning which is applied in english reading class in high school can change the traditional teachercentered teaching type .	高中英语阅读课的合作学习理论可以改变传统教学类型 。
additionally , the stamp was released in 1980 , a particularly lucky 'golden monkey' year that only occurs once every 60 years .	另外 , 1980年发布的邮票在1980年 , 特别幸运的猴子一年只发生一次60年 。
however , if the list is twodimensional , then you often want to " unpack " the contents of each nested list as it is iterated . you could do that like so	然而 , 如果列表是二维 , 那么你常想要 " 包装 " 的内容就像迭代的那样 。
this measure can not only ensure the safe and rapid withdrawal of powered support from the face , but also largely reduce the removal cost of the face .	这种措施不仅能保证脸部安全快速的支持 , 而且大部分减少脸部的消除费用 。
first , procedures were completed in a highvolume hospital by experienced surgeons specializing in total joint arthroplasty .	首先 , 在高卷医院完成过程中 , 经验专业联合动脉移植的外科医院专业化 。
for me , marketing works for society when the marketer and consumer are both aware of what's happening and are both satisfied with the ultimate outcome .	对于我来说 , 当市场者和消费者都知道发生的时候 , 市场营销工作都满足最终结果 。
from the early days of popular use of the internet , the rallying cry was that cyberspace was the new frontier , subject to no law .	从互联网早期的日子来看 , 网络空间是新边界 , 没有法律的主体 。
but this expiation did not satisfy two sainted women , madame courtin , marquise de boucs , and the comtesse de chateauvieux .	但是这次表现并没有满足两个圣女性 , 马达姆·科尔丁 , 马奎塞德·波克斯和委员会deteauux 。
china also being a member of it , has made many basic laws plus separate law , administration laws and local laws and rules and so on .	中国也是一个成员 , 使许多基本法律加以独立法律、行政法律等 。
first , full disclosure: i'm not what you would call a heavy user of locationbased social networking services . i have no mayorships .	首先 , 全部披露:我不会称为基于位置的社交网络服务的重用户 。 我没有市长 。
an icelisa for detecting fumonisin b2 of maizena was developed by using the coating antigen of ovafb2 and competitive antigen of fb2 .	利用ovafb2的涂层抗原和fb2的竞争抗原 , 研制了一种用于检测疟疾b2的冰激素b2 。
so learn your first word , " lekker " [le'ka] , adj . meaning " good/nice " for anythings from food to girls .	所以学习你的第一句话 , " 莱克纳 " [le'ka] , 意味着 " 好/漂亮 " 的东西从食品到女孩的任何东西 。
he is best known for his confrontational go no go project on migration in europe , for which he received the visa d'or and the care award .	他是欧洲移民的最好的 , 因为他收到了签证dor和护理奖项 。
the result shows that the two processes had characters of good applicability for water quality during high algaeladen and good treatment efficiency , low cost as well .	结果表明 , 两种工艺具有良好的水质特点 , 适用于高加拿大水质的优良处理效率 , 低成本 。
four patients with lung cancer had negative findings on 18ffdg coincidence images but showed positive serum markers .	肺癌的四个患者在18fdg合作图像上有负面的发现 , 但显示阳性血清标志 。
softtothetouch fabric and powerful compression meet chic design and thoughtful details for stylish shaping you'll want to wear every day .	软触摸织物和强大的压缩会遇到ic设计和思想细节 , 每天要穿的风格形状 。
and you’ll need to follow the rather formal dress code of the period no trainers , no jeans , and gents , wear a jacket and tie .	然后你需要遵循不训练时期的正式服装代码 , 没有犹太人和绅士 , 穿一套夹克和身体 。
this should help your jobhunting prospects , for you will be able to get a side job if you need one or develop more business for your company , with better fees , too .	这应该帮助你工作的前景 , 因为你需要一个或开发更多的业务 , 还有更好的费用 。
addin china's lack of male educators and the book has a strong argument: chinese boys are developing in a predominately female environment .	加入中国男教育者缺乏雄性教育者和书籍有着强烈的争论:中国男孩在一个先进的女性环境中发展 。
the algorithm is applied to the docking of several simple model molecules and the docking between the benzamidine and hiv 1 protease .	该算法适用于几个简单的模拟分子和苯胺和hiv1蛋白酶之间的锁定 。
one in five managers also said being kept awake at night meant they were more likely to make mistakes , the mori poll of 1 , 006 people revealed .	五个经理还说 , 晚上有一次醒来意味着他们更有可能使错误 , 摩里的调查显示 。
why , the doctor told me this morning that your chances for getting well real soon were let's see exactly what he said he said the chances were ten to one !	为什么今天早上 , 医生告诉我 , 你的机会很快就让我们看到他所说的机会是十个 !
each call gets its own activation record , so each time it is called the variables get their own storage space within that activation record .	每个调用都得到自己的活动记录 , 所以每次叫做变量存储空间在这个活动记录中获得自己的存储空间 。
on 13 june , donors pledged more than $4 billion to support the work of gavi , an amount that exceeded anyone’s wildest dreams .	6月13日 , 捐赠者承认超过任何人最野外的梦想 , 超过4亿美元的支持加维工作 。
businessman gary vaynerchuk used his knowledge of wine to create the successful wine library tv , a daily video blog show about wine .	商人加里·瓦纳奇克用他的知识创造成功葡萄酒图书馆电视 , 日常视频博客展示了酒 。
once a week a man named gary , mr . calver 's cheeseturner , comes in and turns it to redistribute the moisture within .	一周 , 一位名叫加里的男子 , 卡尔弗先生的奶酪师来到了 , 然后把它放在水里 。
but we would need space rockets using techonology from scifi series star trek to help us reach hospitable planets orbiting other stars .	但是我们需要空间火箭使用科幻系列星轮来帮助我们达到可激励的星球轨道 。
" getting a credit card if you have bad credit is harder than it used to be , " says odysseas papadimitrou . " but they are still available .	" 如果你有不好的信用卡比以前更难得多 , " odysaspadimitu说 , " 但是他们仍然是可用的 。
i love thee with testosterone receptors deep in my hypothalamus . i love thee with dopamine that floods my primitive lizard brain .	我喜欢与睾丸酮受体深在我的假设中 , 我喜欢多巴胺在原始脂肪大脑中浮动的多巴胺 。
next time you take a pojo and slap on an annotation to turn it into an ejb , you can give a little thanks to the openejb team .	接下来的时候你需要一个pojo并且在注释下转换成ejb , 你可以给openejb团队带来一些感谢 。
people decide to become a vegetarian for many reasons . some common motivators include the environment , animal rights , and health .	人们决定成为许多原因 , 一些常见的动机包括环境、动物权利和健康 。
china’s coal mines certainly kill 2 , 0003 , 000 workers a year , and coalsmogged air there and elsewhere kills many more .	中国煤矿肯定每年杀死2 , 0003003万名工人 , 还有其他地方杀死了更多的地方 。
the majority of research on memory is focused , as you might expect , on the remembering side of things how much , how accurate and so on .	大多数关注内存的研究 , 就像你可能期待的一面 , 记住事情多少、准确等 。
as routine displaces novelty , we may be tempted to shift our attention to someone new and taste again the thrill of romantic love .	正如路由消失小说一样 , 我们可能试图把注意力转移到浪漫爱的圣诞 。
for example , it's common to set an alias , which expands to 'ls l' , for a long listing of a directory or list of files .	例如 , 通常设置alias , 扩展到 " l " 的扩展 , 对于一个目录或列表文件的长期清单 。
“the biggest challenge is getting this unregulated and unorganized system under a single umbrella for providing universal access , ” says duggal .	" 最大的挑战是在单伞提供普通访问的情况下获得不规定和组织系统 。 " 杜格拉说 。
the diesel engine emissions aftertreatment has received a lot of attentions with increasingly stringent emission standards for diesel engines .	柴油发动机排放后处理已经收到了很多关注柴油发动机的连续排放标准 。
in this view of fat necrosis at high magnification , some lipidladen macrophages are seen between the necrotic adipose tissue cells .	在此基础上 , 一些脂肪脂肪细胞在高磁化方面看到的脂肪组织细胞之间 。
the main types of soil degradation were of poor nutrients , poor microorganism , bad structure , basification and heavy drought .	土壤降解主要是营养贫穷、微生物贫穷、坏结构、基础和重药 。
method:through takes the ligamentum interspinalia and the intervertebral disc overhang in 56 surgery the pathology observations were analyzed .	方法:对56例手术中56例椎间隔障患者的临床表现进行分析 。
u . s . secretary of state hillary clinton on saturday called the north's provocations and statements 'deeply regrettable . '	周六 , 美国国务卿希拉里克林顿星期六称北方的宣言和声明 " 深度遗憾 " 。
if you pay with debit card at certain shops you can take an additional sum from your account at no extra charge . this is often called " cashback " .	如果你在某些商店支付债务卡 , 你就可以从你的帐户中获取额外的总结 , 这通常叫做 " 现金回馈 " 。
pigeons scatter as a man walks home after offering prayers at a nearby temple at bashantapur durbar square in kathmandu .	pigeonscaatter作为一个男人在kathmandu附近的寺庙附近的祈祷者走回家 。
seedorf then went into the book for a late challenge on martins . although the rossoneri continued to look the more dangerous side coming forward .	随后 , 塞多夫去了马丁斯的一本晚期挑战 , 虽然罗斯里继续看到更危险的一面来临 。
the fitted line in the figure is a 3rddegree polynomial , but any sort of smoothing would tell you that there is a massive upward trend .	图中的配合线是一个3rd度多项式的多项多项式 , 但是任何类型的光滑都会告诉你 , 有大量的上升趋势 。
if a firm wants to place a bet on falling interest rates , for example , it can simply have its marketmaking unit build up its inventory of bonds .	如果一家公司想放下利率的话 , 那么它只能有它的市场单位建立债券的库存 。
from " big haven is an old strategy " angle , discussed become the value that makes strong fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity .	从 " 大型战略 " 角度来看 , 讨论成为福州港的重要价值 。
you acknowledge and agree that you can enjoy member benefits upon payment of the annual fee for membership and relevant facilities fee .	你认识并同意你可以享受成员支付年费用和相关设施费用的年费用 。
about onethird of basketball shoes are actually purchased to play basketball in , according to industry analyst marshal cohen .	根据工业分析师马什·科恩说 , 大约三分之一的篮球鞋实际上是购买篮球 。
mike hulme , a climate policy expert at the university of east anglia in norwich , uk , says that social effects are also unpredictable .	英国东anglia大学气候政策专家mikehulme表示 , 社会效应也不可预料 。
fangsheng bridge is the longest , largest and tallest stone bridge , with five openings both in zhujiajiao and in the shanghai region .	福兴桥是上海地区最长、最高、最高的石桥 , 共有五个开放 。
besides the difference that popularizes degree , definitive inadequacy also is to restrict pay treasure copyist people one big handicap .	除了流行程度的差异外 , 定义不平等也是限制支付财政主义者一个巨大的手册 。
the new overhaul of financial regulation did nothing to address the companies , even though they played a central role in inflating the housing bubble .	新的金融监管没有什么地址公司 , 即使他们发挥了一个中央的角色通胀房屋泡沫 。
luis suarez has been charged by the fa following the onfield spat with patrice evra during united's 11 draw at anfield last month .	路易斯苏雷斯在上个月在安菲尔德的111年的安菲尔德图画中被指控 。
somehow our path took us toward the park , across the footbridge high above the rolling waters of the los angeles river . ( n . rigg .	有些人在洛杉矶河上滚动的高桥上 , 我们的路径让我们走到公园 。
the manchester united man missed euro 2004 after missing the test in september 2003 , and it is an episode that clearly still rankles with the player .	曼联在2003年9月失踪了欧元2004年9月的测试之后 , 这是一个很明显的球员 。
in the other part , the improvement of dissolubility of sulfadiazine and aspirin entericcoated tablet is studied with surfactant as modifier .	另一部分研究了硫亚胺和阿司匹林进口表的不溶性提高 。
the effects of moca /e ratio and amount of the fillers on the physical properties and the heat air ageing of the pu elastomer were discussed .	讨论了moca/e比和含量对pu弹性的物理性能和热空气年龄的影响 。
the calculated results show that the limit values of axial compression ratio of src columns are generally % higher than those of rc columns .	计算结果表明 , src柱轴压缩比rc柱轴向压缩率的限值通常比rc柱高 。
to organize the general administration sponsored fights against counterfeit and defective products and other illegal activities at origin ;	组织一般行政赞助反馈和缺陷的产品和其他非法行动 ;
the result shows that the leopoldwolman relationship cannot discriminate channel patterns well when both gravel and sandbed rivers are considered .	结果表明 , 当灰度和沙床河的时候 , 左右双边关系不能分辨通道模式好 。
examples of common devices that are poorly designed ergonomically include the snow shovel and the computer or typewriter keyboard .	普通设备的例子包括雪鞋和计算机或类型的密钥板 。
from the current situation , the european development of civilparty government is likely to once again successfully break through the barrier .	从当前的情况下 , 欧洲政府的发展可能会再次突破破破破破破破 。
the method adopts horse liver tissues as raw materials to prepare dry acetone powder of horse liver alcohol dehydrogenase ;	该方法采用马铃肝组织作为原材料制备马铃酒精脱氢酶干乙酮粉 ;
a transparent conductive ito antireflection layer is generated on a top layer of the amorphous silicon thin film subbattery .	一种透明的电导ito反射层是在无形硅薄膜子电池顶层生成的 。
most entrepreneurs are passionate about a particular market or technology , and putting a sales hat on does not come naturally to them . that is okay .	大多数企业家都热情市场或技术的特殊市场 , 并把销售帽子放在不自然的情况下 , 这是好的 。
to be responsible for the guidance of local energy development plans , connecting the production development of local energy with the balance of supply and demand ;	负责当地能源开发计划的指导 , 连接地方能源的生产发展与供应和需求的平衡 ;
knowledge and practice about iodine deficiency disorders among pregnant women , housewives , and pupils in changning district , shanghai ;	上海市市妇女、家庭妇女和学生的碘缺陷知识和实践 。
methods 74 cases had changes in ambiens cisterna proved by ct scan , we analysed the changes and studied its correlation with prognosis .	方法对74例ct扫描证实的mbienscina患者进行ct扫描证实 , 分析其与预后相关性 。
enter ${user_install_root}\etc\wssecurity\samples\encsender . jceks in the keystore path field .	进入${userinstallinstallroot}\etwsecurity\amples\enc.jceks在键盘路径领域 。
objective to assess the application value of wholebody bone scintigraphy in diagnosis and staging of langerhans cell histiocytosis in infants .	目的评价全体骨科学在喉癌细胞组织组织学诊断和分期中的应用价值 。
after a preshift meeting and an oath ceremony where the 10member squad of miners vow to ensure safety , he changes into his work overalls .	经过一次前会议和一次oath仪式之后 , 10个成员队的投票方向确保工作的安全性 , 他改变了整体工作 。
ollila said microsoft had not been the only option for nokia and noted many companies had showed their interest in cooperating with the finnish mobile phone maker .	ollila表示 , 微软没有成为诺基亚唯一的选项 , 并注意到许多公司与芬兰移动电话制造商合作的兴趣 。
what intrigues many astronomers , however , is the circumnuclear ring around the galaxy center visible just outside the central bar .	然而 , 很多天文学家都是星系中心周围的圆核环 。
in germplasm evaluation studies of pinellia ternate , the assaying methods of extractives and total alkaloid are established .	建立了pinelam评价方法 , 建立了提取物和总碱的方法 。
last month , a u . s . bankruptcy judge allowed lehman to pump cash into the two banks to avoid a seizure by regulators .	上个月 , 一名美国破产法官允许雷曼将现金投入到两家银行 , 以避免监管者的严厉 。
methods analgesic effect of two different concentrations of cinobufagin injection was observed in mice by the hotplate test and writhing with acetic acid .	方法采用热板试验和用醋酸写法观察两种不同浓度的cinobubuf蛋白注射液的镇痛作用 。
the fifth part it is the summary of the full text , the whole characteristic of the language has done the brief generalization to lien uzhuan .	第五部分是全文的总结 , 语言的整体特点已经对林庄作了简要的概括 。
przewalski's horse , which once roamed the steppes of mongolia , is thought to have become too dispersed in the wild to breed .	普鲁兹瓦尔斯基的马一旦浪漫蒙古的步骤 , 被认为在野生里变得太分散 。
therefore , the transformation of the pattern of international relations requires the united states and south korea to maintain and even strengthen the alliance .	因此 , 国际关系的转型需要美国和韩国保持 , 甚至加强联盟 。
the ancient black cattle were displaced by the longhorns , and that these " were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence . "	古老的黑猫被长袍拆除了 , 这些 " 被短的马刺一样 , 就像有些谋杀的虫子一样 , "
consider your online album as the equivalent of leaving the treasured family album on a public bench for every passerby to thumb through .	考虑你的网上专辑 , 等于每个乘客在公共场上留下的家庭专辑的等价 。
with financial markets so volatile and companies “hunkering down” for a long slog through a recession , there are few indicators of what’s coming up .	随着金融市场的挥发和公司 " 令人震惊 " 的长期日志通过衰退来说 , 有很少指出来的是什么 。
if you are following along and planning to take a break at this point , please stay around as you now have two jobs that are creating ever larger files in your file system .	如果你跟踪并计划在这个点上采取一个突破 , 请当你现在有两个工作在文件系统创建更大的文件文件文件 。
we saw more rates of authoritarianism in nonwhite groups . i think the percentage of authoritarian households was highest in asianamericans .	我们在非白人群中看到更多的权威主义率 , 我认为当局家庭的百分比在亚洲人中最高 。
the moon is so far from the earth that even if huge trees were growing on a mountain , we could not see them through the most powerful telescopes which have yet been invented .	月球远远远的地球 , 即使大树在山上生长 , 我们不能通过最强大的望远镜发明 。
imposing airportstyle passenger and bag checks in the metros and bus stops of major cities is impractical because it would bring ordinary life to a halt .	主要城市的公共汽车停车的机场风格和袋检查是实际的 , 因为它会带来普通生活来一般的生活 。
days later , they still in touch with the troops , fortunately , they killed a deer , can be difficult to rely on venison and spent a few days .	日后 , 他们仍然与军队接触 , 幸运地 , 他们杀死了鹿 , 可以依赖维松 , 花了几天 。
first , for the four major banks , the good bank/bad bank transactions should be mandatory ; the industry will stabilize only if the four work in tandem .	首先 , 对四大银行来说 , 好银行/坏银行交易应该是管理的 ; 工业只有四个工作在tandem工作时才会稳定 。
at the same time i still wanted a dedicated keyboard so when i saw the s710 with its nifty slideout keyboard i knew it was the perfect fit .	同时我仍希望一个专门的键盘 , 所以当我看到s710的nifidout键盘时 , 我知道它是完美的适合 。
if the book of job is one of the oldest books , there must have been a general knowledge of god , however limited , which led men to think often of him .	如果这本工作的书是最古老的书之一 , 必须有一般知识的上帝 , 却导致男人常想他 。
there is no other documented association between mercury and any human cancer , leukaemia , lymphoma or other malignant or premalignant disease .	汞与任何人类癌症、白血病、淋巴瘤或其他恶性疾病之间没有其他文献联系 。
china has recently publicly supported sanctions against iran and imposed lesser restrictions on north korea for their nuclear activities .	中国最近对伊朗公开支持制裁 , 并且对朝鲜核活动的限制更少 。
the game opens with fifi millicent performing a gig in an unnamed wartorn middle eastern country , in exchange for a $10m fee .	这场比赛开放了一场不名的战争中东国家的巨头 , 在交换10毫米的费用 。
in late august , joey defrancesco fulfilled the fantasy of many a disgruntled worker: he quit in an incredibly outlandish fashion .	在8月底 , 乔伊德里·德里斯科实现了许多不满意的工人幻想:他在一个极具可能的外国时尚 。
porter puts forward the differentiation advantage and cost advantage according to surroundings and firm strategy by means of value chain .	根据价值链的周围和公司策略 , 提出了分化优势和成本优势 。
given that the capability of a filter to handle both request and forward was only introduced with j2ee 1 . 4 , older versions of j2ee require a different solution .	鉴于过滤器处理请求和前面只引入j2ee1.4 , j2ee版本的老版本需要不同的解决方案 。
animal rights activist brigitte bardot wrote to the german minister calling on her not to give in to pressure to overturn the anuga ban .	动物权利主义者brigittebigittebardot写到德国部长呼吁她不给予压力超过8月的禁令 。
valencia fullback moretti and sevilla midfielder maresca are both on lazio president claudio lotito's shopping list for the summer market .	瓦伦西亚全面反馈更多和塞维拉维拉中场马萨都是拉齐奥总统洛蒂托的购物列表 。
however , under the twolevel financial control involving in both university and schools there are contradictions within laboratory administration and longterm development .	然而 , 在两级金融控制涉及大学和学校在实验室管理和长期发展中存在矛盾 。
it indicates that the sampen is more effective to extract the information attentionrelated in eeg to show the clinical application prospects in eeg biofeedback systems .	结果表明 , 该样品更有效地提取与eeg生物反馈系统相关的信息注意力 , 显示了eeg生物反馈系统的临床应用前景 。
cole claims that mourinho has not addressed his players about what the future may hold , preferring instead to concentrate on the matter in hand winning matches .	科尔声称 , 穆里尼奥没有解决未来的球员 , 更喜欢在手中获胜比赛中集中 。
systemic experimental investigation and theoretic analysis on the mechanical aspects of jintan's rock salt have been conducted in the dissertation .	系统实验研究和理论分析了金坦岩盐机械方面的理论研究 。
results 18 cases happened nosocomial infection , incidence for 14 . 3% , respiratory infections which accounted for 48% , ur 24% ;	结果18例患者14.3% , 呼吸感染占48% , 尿24% ;
the exception to the trend was in germany , where unemployment among young people actually declined , to 10 . 3 percent , over the twoyear period .	德国的现状异常在德国 , 年轻人实际上失业率下降到10.3% 。
it's different from the traditional view that the sentence meaning is its truthconditions . thus a new perspective of analyzing meaning is achieved .	传统观点不同 , 句子意义意义是其真正的条件 , 从而实现了一种分析意义的新视角 。
conclusion pricking blood therapy has a regulatory action on acth in hpa axis of rats with experimental allergic rhinitis .	结论对大鼠肝炎hpa轴hpa轴hpaath有规律作用 。
roman statesman cicero noted , " although physicians frequently know their patients will die of a given disease , they never tell them so . "	罗马国务卿克罗说: " 虽然物理学家常常知道他们的病人会死亡 , 但他们从未告诉他们 。 "
and jesus stood still , and commanded him to be called . and they call the blind man , saying unto him , be of good comfort , rise ; he calleth thee .	耶稣仍然站在 , 命令他叫他叫他 , 他们叫盲人说 , 向他说 , 很舒适 , 上升 ; 他清理这句话 。
the size of the wafer to wafer side said , the quality of led is better than small chip . the price is proportional to the size of isomorphous .	威尔弗的大小说 , led的质量比小芯片更好 , 价格比异常大小 。
in recent years , china's mode of hiv transmission has significant change in the transmission of the infection ratio increased significantly .	近年来中国艾滋病传播模式对感染率传播的传播率显著提高 。
indeed , beauty experts have demonstrated through actual research that the combination of baby oil and sugar provides a most effective method for exfoliating skin .	事实上 , 美丽专家通过实际研究表明 , 婴儿油与糖的结合提供了最有效的方法 。
he was accused of stealing the pictures while chen's computer was being repaired at elite multimedia limited , where sze was an employee .	他被指控陈氏电脑在网络多媒体有限公司修复时被指控的图片 。
to reinforce these themes , quotations from lincoln’s speeches and writings have been stenciled above the fireplace mantels throughout the cottage .	为了加强这些人 , 林肯的演讲和写作已经被偷窃在整个院子里的火替代人员 。
many of these settled at the daming palace site , where they have maintained much of their original regional culture , such as their dialect and traditional food .	许多人在大明宫的地方设置在那里 , 他们已经保持了很多原始的地区文化 , 比如他们的方言和传统食品 。
from all these examples it may be gathered how reflection is always seeking for something fixed and permanent , definite in itself and governing the particulars .	从所有这些例子中收集反射总是如何寻找固定和永久性的东西 , 尽管自身和治理特殊的东西 。
michael had brought kay to the wedding so that she would slowly and perhaps without too much of a shock , absorb the truth about his father .	迈克尔给婚礼带来了亲吻 , 所以她会慢慢慢地慢地慢慢地和不多的震惊 , 吸收父亲的真理 。
the crack growth rate in weld metal and haz of steel 36z fatigued at low frequency may be 35 and 410 times that at high frequency respectively .	低频钢36z焊接金属的裂纹生长率可分别为35和410倍 。
the system is easy to construct and simple to use and has a higher spectral resolution than conventional msps without increasing the acquisition time .	该系统简单地构建和简单的使用 , 比传统的msp不增加收购时间更高的光谱分辨率 。
the outcomes of this series suggest that repeat pv is effective at the same vertebral levels in patients without painrelief who underwent previous pv .	本系列的结果表明 , 重复pv在前列pv患者的椎体水平相同的椎体水平 。
the collaboration with softbank is a good start: the company boasts 22 million subscribers , and its user base has been growing nicely over the past few years .	软银行与软银行合作是良好的启动:公司拥有2200万订阅者 , 其用户基地已经在过去几年内迅速发展 。
" i wouldn't dare call myself a pioneer of reform and opening , but , after all , we were the first ordinary people to open a restaurant , " says guo .	" 我不敢打电话自己改革开放 , 但毕竟我们是第一位普通人开餐馆 。 " 郭说 。
bynum missed the final 46 games of last season with a left knee injury . he is averaging 14 . 0 points and 8 . 2 rebounds .	拜纳姆错过去赛季左膝伤的最后46场比赛 , 他平均为14.0分和8.2反弹 。
the flexible liner system along canal slopes was discussed in detail with respect to the properties of the related expansive soil as well as the design methods .	详细讨论了沿河滑坡的柔性衬砌体系 , 以及相关膨胀土的设计方法 。
the paper uses the index of sexselective abortion to indicate the effect intension of sexselective abortion on the raising of the sex ratio at birth .	本文采用性选择性吸收指标 , 指出性吸收对性吸收率提高的影响 。
" a woman will have more commendation in being the mother of heroes , " said a federalist , " than in setting up , amazonlike , for a heroine herself .	" 一位女性在英雄母亲身上有更多的推荐 , " 一位联邦主义说 , " 亚马逊像英雄自己一样 。
terrible busy these days , by the " water margin " actually expired , no found . rare today , go to the library , library hours , before we know .	这些日子忙着 , 通过 " 水边缘 " 实际上没有发现 。 今天 , 去图书馆 , 图书馆几小时前 , 我们知道 。
to extinguish these conditions , we have to redesign the ruling mechanism of companies according to our nation's specific circumstances .	为了解决这些条件 , 我们必须根据我国具体情况重新调整公司规则机制 。
jitie mouth found a stone tablet stone tablets , many words have been smashed , is obviously dont want to let others know more information about this tomb .	吉妈发现一张石桌 , 许多字已经被打碎了 , 明显不想让别人知道更多关于这坟墓的信息 。
it provides a blueprint for the interteam communication that is essential not only for meeting business goals , but also for performing effective engineering .	它为团队通信提供了一个蓝印刷 , 不仅对于会议业务目标而言 , 而且还可以执行有效的工程 。
louboutin identifies the shade it uses as “chinese red” , but argues that any confusingly similar shade would infringe the trademark .	路透社鉴定它使用的形状是 " 黑色红色 " , 但认为任何混淆的类似的形状都会影响贸易标志 。
so you can go to a number of forums to learn some information above constant color , the forum which will involve which network platform is more reliable .	所以你可以去多个论坛 , 学习在常规颜色上的一些信息 , 这些论坛会涉及到网络平台更可靠 。
assignment . you may not assign , sublicense or otherwise transfer any of your rights or obligations under this agreement , by operation of law or otherwise .	分配 。 你可能不会分配、子认证或否则在本协议下转移任何权利或义务 , 通过规定或其他法律运行 。
pet ownership is booming in china , and the tibetan mastiff is the dog of the moment for those who want to spread their wealth beyond stocks and real estate .	宠物所有权在中国正在增长 , 而藏族马斯菲夫是那些想把他们的财富远超过股市和房地产的狗 。
high school training should be adequately provided for all , and college training should be the monopoly of no class or race in any section of our common country .	高中培训应该充分提供所有的学校培训 , 大学培训应该是我们普通国家的单一课或种族 。
this research focuses on the selfidentity of an aboriginal daycare center worker and discusses the effect of social structure context to identification .	本研究重点研究了原始日常中心工人自我认识 , 并讨论社会结构上下文的影响 。
that's because , since 1918 , oberto has used nothing but premium strips of real , lean meat that's seasoned and smoked to perfection .	这是因为 , 自1918年以来 , 观察家没有使用的东西 , 真正的是瘦肉 , 吸烟完美 。
rice praised afghan attorney general abdul jabar sabit for being one of the largest employers of women in the afghan government .	大米赞扬阿富汗总部abababarsabababit作为阿富汗政府最大的雇员之一 。
he takes off the tom cruise shades , and she sees the eyes of a goat—bright amber ; rectangular pupils , dilating in the dusky evening .	他带着汤姆巡逻影 , 她看到一只山羊的眼睛 , 常规的小狗在鸭子晚上散发 。
based on the analysis of mirror by cang yue , the paper purports to decode the new vision creation of fantastic literature influenced by new media .	根据加州镜像分析 , 探讨了新媒体影响的新视野创造 。
with the quality products of " classical decoration , perfect exhibition " , yonghong redefines the life and completely shows decoration aesthetics for every user .	随着 " 经典装饰、完美展 " 的质量产品 , 永虹重新定义了每个用户的装饰美学 。
the asian development bank is urging central banks in asia to pause measures to contain high inflation until global market turmoil subsidies .	亚洲开发银行正在吸引亚洲中央银行 , 通过措施保持高通胀 , 直到全球市场货币补贴 。
two other snps also showed significant genebygender interactions , but their effects were not significant in either men or women alone .	另外两个nps也显示了很重要的基因生殖器互动 , 但它们的效果在男性或女性方面不显著 。
although only in its second year , the club is a success , partly due to the energy and enthusiasm of its coordinator , susan michal .	虽然在第二年 , 俱乐部是成功的 , 部分由于它的协调员苏珊·米歇尔的能源和热情 。
jy8g . de ) made its debut in frankfurt , boosting hopes that investor confidence may be returning after the global credit crunch .	德国在法兰克福特举行的辩论 , 增强投资者信心可能在全球信贷交易之后返回 。
in mrpd , data is redistributed into some groups at step 1 , and all the groups are multitransmitted according to the request of computer nodes .	在mrpd中 , 数据被重新分布到某些组中 , 所有组都按计算机节点要求进行多个分组 。
two divers off the coast of france peer into denise , a small , twoman diving saucer that is part of jacques cousteau’s oceanic ship calypso .	两个不同的法国和平海岸 , 一个小型的两个人死亡的海岸 , 是杰克斯科斯塔乌海洋船舱的一部分 。
puerto rican on the wrong side of town , but still gets to wear ravishing new look silhouettes with beautifully matching shoes .	普罗托·亚兰在城镇的错误边 , 但仍然要穿上新衣服 , 美丽的匹配鞋子 。
now investors are demanding that banks like lehman and washington mutual raise capital or sell their assets to raise cash and prove that they are solvent .	现在投资者要求银行像雷曼和华盛顿相互提高资本 , 或者卖他们的资产来提高现金并证明他们的解决方案 。
lieberman has addressed a national convention before ; at the democratic national convention in 2000 , he was the party’s vicepresidential nominee .	利伯曼在2000年在民主党主党主席候选人会议上发表了全国公约 ;
using sand polluted by the bp oil spill in one experiment , the team was able to separate hydrocarbons from the sand within seconds .	利用bp油喷雾的砂污染 , 可以在第二秒内分离水碳 。
in addition , foundation base may be in dangerous conditions such as sand pipings and upheaval deformations because of unloading soil above artesian aquifer .	此外 , 基础基础上可能是由于在阿特西亚水泥上卸载土壤的不载土壤的危险条件 。
for example , one student made a program to inform a selected list of friends , with a short text message , where he was every 15 minutes .	例如 , 一名学生把一个程序告知朋友的列表 , 有一个短文本消息 , 他每15分钟 。
steer your spaceship with the motion sensors of your windowsphone and fight against the space pirates with your arsenal of upgradable weapons .	把你的空间与您的windows手机运动传感器的运动传感器与您的可升级武器战斗 。
this method can provide a new way for determination of aluminum powder con tent of propellant powder with its rapidity and simplicity and certain accuracy .	本方法可为其快速简单、一定精度测定推广粉末含量的新途径提供一种新的途径 。
as it closes in on its target , the ekv integrates data from the xbrwith its onboard sensors and locks on to the enemy missile .	当它关闭目标时 , ekv集成了xbrwith它的上台传感器和锁在敌人导弹上 。
although adopting patent heddle increases the cost , but it increases the output and profit , and the invention benefit is also higher .	虽然采用专利hedle增加成本 , 但它增加了输出和利润 , 但本发明也更高 。
since the owner was a movie producer , his clienteles were the movie stars , singers and celebrities for his late night supper segment .	由于主人是电影制造商 , 他的客户是电影明星 , 歌手和庆祝晚晚晚晚饭店 。
jerseys , pullovers , cardigans , waistcoats and similar articles , knitted or crocheted , of silk or silk waste .	杰西斯 , 脉冲器 , 心脏器 , 腰衣和类似的文章 , 编织 , 丝绸或丝绸废料 。
bonding: any of the interactions that account for the association of atoms into molecules , ions , crystals , metals , and other stable species .	键合:任何有关原子与分子、离子、晶体、金属等稳定物种的相互作用 。
another is the loblolly pine . windbreaks not only protect land and crops from the wind . surplus trees can be cut down and used to provide wood .	另一个是loblollypine.windbreaks不仅保护风的土地和作物可以减少并且用来提供木材 。
their two full backs , john flanagan and jack robinson , were excellent yesterday , up against theo walcott and samir nasri .	他们的两个背部 , 约翰·弗朗纳根和杰克·罗宾逊昨天很好 , 反对沃尔科特和萨米尔·纳斯里 。
the following factors like diabetes , erythrocyte , level of anastomosis and anastomotic technique were demonstrated to be independent .	以下因素如糖尿病、羊毛细胞、异常技术等因素为独立 。
aesthetic pursuit has connection to various aspects of news works ; the process that the writer edits news is also the process of aesthetic pursuit .	审美追求了各种各样的新闻作品的联系 ; 作家编辑新闻的过程也是审美追求的过程 。
the six counties and city of the drainage area of zuo river in nanning district lie in the karst area in southwest of guangxi province .	广西南地区南宁地区的六个县和城市 , 位于广西南部 。
its characters are : serious conditions , quick change , more shock , easy misdiagnosis , difficult management , more complications and high mortality .	其特点是:严重的条件、快速变化、易震、易误诊、困难管理、更复杂、高死亡率等 。
on august 17 , 2005 , estonian prime minister andrus ansip met in his office with visiting chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing .	2005年8月17日 , 路透尼亚总理安德鲁斯在访问中国外交部长李赵兴的办公室见面 。
sudan is committed to implementing the comprehensive peace agreement and holding the referendum in southern sudan in a free and fair way .	苏丹委员会执行全面和平协议 , 并在自由和公平的路上举行共同建议 。
the utility model relates to a component of a suspension system of a conveying vehicle , specifically to a trailer steel sleeve for suspension .	本实用新型涉及一种传送车辆悬挂系统的组成部分 , 特别是一套悬挂式钢管 。
to make xiaoshan as our national shoemaking base , we need to do the following:one , identify the commanding heights of development and innovation ;	为了使小山成为我们国家鞋底 , 我们需要做以下:一 , 识别开发和创新的命令高度 ;
improved fluorochemicals have recently made it possible to use a higher concentration of perfluorochemicals without causing medical complications .	最近的荧光化学使得最近使用了一种不引起医药并发症的流化学浓度更高 。
children with family history of asthma or individual history of hypersensitivity were more likely to develop respiratory symptoms .	高敏性家庭历史的儿童越来越可能发展呼吸症状 。
the present invention also relates to the new method of using the new affinity chromatography mediums in purifying and producing cobra neurotoxin .	本发明还涉及采用新型有限色谱介质净化和生产cobra神经毒素的新方法 。
scanning whitelight interferometry increases the portrait measurement range , and its measurement precision achieves the level of nanometer .	扫描whitelight干涉仪增加了肖像测量范围 , 其测量精度达到纳米水平 。
province labor ensures hall floorwalker zhang deyou to moderate , office grows jiao xuebai to make important speech .	省劳动保证大厅地面行走员张德耶乌为中、办公室增长了嘉雪白的重要演讲 。
grab a wide variety of historically accurate weapons including machine guns , bazookas , sniper rifles and flamethrowers .	广泛的各种历史上准确的武器包括机枪、巴佐克斯、斯尼珀骑兵和火焰喷射器 。
a study was carried out in this paper on the dyeing and finishing performance of a watersoluble sulfur black dye containing polycarboxylic groups .	本文研究了含有聚羧基团的水溶性硫酸黑染料染色和完成性能 。
a preparation method of anodic aluminum oxide film with thick barrier layer is provided , which belongs to the field of material technology .	提出了一种具有厚砖层的阳极铝氧化铝薄膜的制备方法 , 属材料技术领域 。
the ideal threshold for choosing between sequential and parallel execution is a function of the cost of coordinating the parallel tasks .	选择序列和并行执行之间的理想阈值是协调并行任务的功能 。
result: there were no obvious differences in microscopic characters in adonis amurensis regel et radd in the northeast region .	结果:东北地区微观特征显著差异无显著性 。
the facial problem is a reflection of people body's splanchnic problem . only both internal and external treatment can help solve the skin problem radically .	面部问题是人们身体的喷雾问题的反映 , 只有内外治疗才能帮助解决皮肤问题 。
this product is the most advantaged and clinicalvalue method for diagnosis of early nephropathy damnification equipped with enormous market demands .	本产品是目前市场需求的早期新生病损伤的最佳诊断和临床价值方法 。
leehom was awarded again " the best producer " in 2004 and " the best male vocalist " in 2006 by golden melody award committee .	雷霍姆再次获得 " 2004年最佳生产商 " 和 " 2006年最佳男性音乐家 " 。
they include an ecommerce storefront app , a community web site , a portal site , sample reports , and a project timetracking app .	他们包括电子商务店前面应用程序、社区网站、门户网站、样本报告和项目时间吸引应用 。
indian multiplexes added on an average 14 to 21 new shows in the second week of the movie compared to its first week with 150 additional shows .	印度多文本增加了平均14到21个新节目 , 与150个额外的节目相比 。
candles and holders , gifts articles , ceramic vases , leaf and sugar cane vases , consol tables , panels , candle holders .	蜡烛和保持者 , 礼物文章 , 陶瓷瓶 , 叶片和糖糖罐 , 胶板 , 蜡烛持有者 。
he knocks into drums , speakers , drops his mike , picks it up , then throws it to the floor and tosses himself after it for good measure .	他打进鼓 , 发言人 , 把牛仔抓起来 , 然后把它扔到地上 , 用好的测量后 , 就把自己扔到地上 , 然后把它扔到地上 。
says levit , " don't approach your boss with a sense of entitlement , as though he is personally responsible for furthering your career .	莱维特说: " 不要跟老板一样 , 虽然他个人负责进一步工作 。
attila , king of the huns and ravager of much of western europe , died a death that was not quite what one would have expected from such a fierce warrior .	阿蒂拉 , 许多西欧大部分的猎王和ravager死亡 , 很多西欧的死亡都不太可能从这场火灾战争中预计的事情 。
there’s a videosharing ability , by which you can watch videos “with” other people , though your interactions are limited to a chatroom beside the video .	有一个视频共享能力 , 你可以看到其他人 , 尽管你的互动在视频旁有限 。
it improved some of the subjective symptoms of xerosis , the clinical xerotic severity score and dermoscopic appearance .	提高xerosis的一些主观症状 , 临床xeric严重范围和dermoscopic表现 。
lift the clutch pedal , start to lift soon , when the feeling gradually with the clutch pressure plate linked to a half , it begins to slow down .	抬起关闭床 , 开始立即抬起 , 当感觉逐渐与关闭压力板连接到一半时 , 它开始慢下降 。
bottomup reform cannot be resisted because it requires no negotiations , avoids confrontations , and it spreads like an unstoppable plague .	底部改革不能抵制 , 因为它不需要谈判 , 避免面对 , 这样它就像一个不可避免的平原 。
ames spends the rest of the movie plotting to get his revenge , make his escape and seize his little daughter back from her new foster parents .	艾米斯花了其他的电影拍摄来获得他的收入 , 让他的逃避 , 把小女儿从新教育家长回来 。
in other words , the value assigned by this rule is the one that should prevail in the case that test1 is among the tests that were assigned to a machine .	换句话说 , 这个规则分配的值是应该预先将测试1分配到机器的测试中 。
a few weeks later , we got word that the kerry people wanted me to speak at the convention , although it was not yet clear in what capacity .	几周后 , 我们得到了几句话 , 克里人希望我在公约上讲话 , 虽然它还没有清楚什么能力 。
the result of the research can also be used for reference in solving the same salt problems of other grottoes and earth relics in the northwestern arid regions in china .	研究结果也可用于解决西北旱地区其他地区的同一盐问题的参考 。
a crystalline compound , c6h 12n 3ps , a sulfurcontaining analogue of tepa , used to treat certain malignant tumors .	水晶化合物c6h12n3ps , 含硫类似tepa , 用于治疗某些恶性肿瘤 。
this paper describes the fundamental of thermometry and the types of thermometer . it also presents a method of making a thermocouple thermometer .	本文介绍了热耦合热量计的基本原理及热量计的类型 , 提出了一种制造热耦合热量计的方法 。
monaco is on the mediterranean coast , 18km east of nice and near the italian border , and is surrounded on three sides by france .	摩纳哥位于中海岸 , 18公里东 , 位于意大利边境附近 , 被法国围绕 。
of course , no one text is going to change the world , but put together , these treatises will constrain alqaida's recruitment pool somewhat .	当然 , 没有一个文本都会改变世界 , 但是把这些条约约约束qaida的招聘池 。
rich dad stopped by at noon on the third week . we heard his truck pull up in the parking lot and sputter when the engine was turned off .	第三周中午有钱爸停下来 , 我们听到车子停在停车里 , 发动机被转了 。
this added voltage is mainly power line frequency and its effect on the voltmeter reading will depend upon the normalmode rejection capability of the meter .	此添加电压主要是电力线频率和其对电压测量的影响将依赖于正常模式拒绝能力 。
henan bailihui trading co . , ltd . is a company mainly engaged in fine wine , imported wine , cigar , famous tea and tobacco .	河南白惠贸易有限公司是一家专业从事细葡萄酒、进口葡萄酒、香烟、著名茶烟的公司 。
and try to make the room in any bedding face reflected in the mirror of food on the table , in order to receive the " double your wealth " the effect .	而且尝试在任何床面都反映的镜子上 , 为了接收 " 双身财富 " 的效果 。
when the camels had finished drinking , the man took out a gold nose ring weighing a beka and two gold bracelets weighting ten shekels .	当骆驼完成喝完的时候 , 男人拿出一枚金鼻环 , 两个金手镯重量十公斤 。
this research takes fuqing' s preschool teachers for example to investigate the job burnout and influence factors of them by questionnaire .	本研究以福庆市高中教师为例 , 通过问卷调查他们的工作负担和影响因素 。
while the atomic variable classes might look superficially like the synchronizedcounter example in listing 1 , the similarity is only superficial .	虽然原子变量类可能像清单1中的同步计数器一样 , 但相似性只是超级 。
another risk is that individual and commercial accounts will get mixed , as they did with the shamesyeakels , who are now suing their bank .	另外一个风险是个人和商业帐户将会混合起来 , 因为他们现在正在支持他们的银行 。
the utility model can not only lead a setline lover to use a very long fishing rod to fish , but also can cut off or set off as well as throw a fish hook conveniently .	本实用新型不仅能导致一定的爱者使用非常长的钓鱼杆来钓鱼 , 而且也可以减少或放下鱼的方便 。
the results also showed that much more steady combustion could be obtained with mechanical spray nozzle than with steam atomizer for some burners with poor performance .	结果表明 , 某些燃烧机械喷雾喷雾器的机械喷雾喷雾喷雾器能得到更稳定的燃烧 。
this resulting schema definition and the soap message that is generated for this service are languageneutral and follow the wsi basic profile .	这导致模式定义和生成的soap消息是语言中立并遵循wsi基本概要 。
recycle your code ! create a collection of your favorite and oftenused snippets and make sure that it’s easily searchable and well organized .	回收您的代码 ! 创建了你最喜欢的收集并经常使用snippet , 确保它很容易搜索和组织 。
we provided updates on an hourly basis to keep our users informed of the situation until it was resolved today just before 4pm pdt .	我们提供了一个小时的更新基础 , 直到今天4pmpdt之前才解决了我们的用户信息 。
therefore it is still a challenging question for knee surgeons to reconstruct the function of meniscus which was injured or resected .	因此 , 肾外科医生仍然是肾外科的挑战问题 , 重建损伤或直接损伤的ninicus功能 。
for example , some on the political right reject anything the new york times reports and uncritically believe anything offered by fox news ;	例如 , 一些在政治权拒绝纽约时报报的任何东西 , 并不确定相信福克斯新闻提供的任何东西 ;
despite trump's lovehate relationship with china , his chinese fans believe he's the one who can make the u . s . , and even the world , great again .	尽管卡拉普与中国的爱情关系 , 他的中国球迷相信他能做到美国 , 甚至世界也是伟大的 。
similarly , plans by local chinese governments to improve infrastructure loom large for heavyequipment makers like caterpillar inc . .	类似的是 , 中国当地政府计划改善基础设备制造商如caterpillarc这样的重型设备制造商 。
when grains are ground , or leaves are cooked , they become more digestible , allowing more nutrients to get absorbed by the body .	当谷物是地面 , 或叶子被烹饪时 , 它们变得更可消化 , 使得更多的营养因子被身体吸收 。
one would have expected he was looking for an opportunity to keep his team close in a hardfought game against a big city school .	一个人预计他正在寻找一个机会 , 让他的团队接近一个大城市学校的艰难游戏 。
several major banks including ubs lowered their growth forecasts for china through 2012 last week , largely because of concern that exports will fade .	上个星期 , 包括ubs下降了中国经济增长预测 , 大多是因为出口将逐渐增长 。
thermal loading concentrated on the outer circumference of the discs during the engagement time may result in a form of conical deformation . disc waviness may ar...	热荷载集中在隔离时期间的盘子外循环 , 可能导致圆形变形 。
depending on the diverse document filters in the system , it might be necessary to also add a check to see if the request document is an html document .	依赖系统中多元文档滤波器 , 可能需要添加检查查请求文档是否是html文档 。
most of the 50 , 000 apps that have been written for cellphones that use the operating system should run in some fashion on androidbased tablets .	大多数5000个应用程序都在安德鲁id表上使用操作系统的手机编写的手机 。
the writer combines the history and rational thought , profoundly and dialectically analyses each author's works of different periods .	作家结合历史和理性思想 , 深刻地分析每个作者的作品 。
the plant office is secured with a yellow bicycle lock . boxes of fisherprice toys for toddlers can be seen stacked in the warehouse .	植物办公室是用黄自行车锁定的 , 可以在仓库中看到的纤维价格玩具 。
considering the multidimensional and nonlinear characteristic of physiological information fusing , the thesis use svm for building medical modeling .	考虑生理信息融合的多维、非线性特征 , 采用svm建立医学建模 。
american tennis player helen jacobs with the wightman cup after the usa beat britain at wimbledon , london on june 16 , 1934 .	美国在1934年6月16日在伦敦的英国维伯林击败英国时 , 英国球员亨伦·杰科布斯和沃尔曼杯 。
the pakistan people's party , ms . bhutto's party , says a united nations investigation into her death it is the only way to get at the truth .	巴基斯坦人民党 , 布鲁托的党长表示 , 联合国人民调查到她死亡的唯一途径 。
as a mode of industry organizations intervenient by enterprise and market , industry clusters has promoted and will promote region development of economy .	作为企业和市场干预的行业组织方式 , 行业集群已经促进 , 促进经济发展 。
the newspaper calls also for victoria to be allowed to try out daily life in cohabitation with her boyfriend before any decision is taken to get married .	报纸称 , 维多利亚也允许在任何决定结婚之前试图与她的男朋友合作日常生活 。
“but despite these successes , ” he warns , “there remain real concerns about high levels of bycatch and the reasons behind them .	" 尽管这些成功 , " 他警告说 , " 尽管这些成功仍然关注高水平和背后的原因 。
" with the coming of the 3g era , wireless internet will have exponential growth , " cinic said in a statement accompanying the release of its report .	" 随着3g时代的来临 , 无线互联网将有极大的增长 , " cinic在声明中说符合其报告的释放 。
this hubble space telescope image reveals " the cat's eye nebula " to be one of the most complex " planetary nebulae " known .	这个哈勃的空间望远镜显示 " 猫眼星星云 " 是世界上最复杂的 " 行星云 " 之一 。
plastics piping systems . glass reinforced thermosetting plastics components . test methods to prove the design of bolted flange joints .	塑料管道系统 。 玻璃加强热塑料组件 , 试验方法证明了螺栓联接设计的方法 。
disney executives say that if their efforts in china are successful , they'll likely roll out english schools in other countries around the world .	迪士尼执行官说如果他们在中国的努力成功 , 他们可能在世界其他国家围绕英语学校 。
with all these and many more beautiful places that exist in our world , we are lost for choice and the only way to decide on the places to visit is to follow the heart .	所有这些和许多美丽的地方都存在在我们世界上 , 我们失去选择和唯一的办法是遵循心 。
residents of soweto , or other urban areas in south africa , are likely to grumble about foreigners in the same way as in rich countries .	南非其他城市地区居民在索韦托 , 或其它城市地区 , 很可能在富裕国家的外国人口同样 。
one guugu yimithirr speaker was filmed telling his friends the story of how in his youth , he capsized in sharkinfested waters .	一位guguguyimithirr发言人被电影告诉他的朋友在他的青年如何的故事 , 他在鲨鱼感染的水中被捕获 。
limited data indicate that ms0 and tsr are in a relationship of 1:0 . 93 on average , that is the value of ms0 is larger than tsr .	有限数据显示ms0和tsr在平均1:0.93的关系中 , ms0的值比tsr大 。
the sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting . the more inventive the guy , the more creative it got .	这种轻笑起来的性游戏现在都有着黑暗和有趣的感觉 , 更有创造力的男人 , 更有创造力 。
the nqae and qam decide if additional action is required and implement this action to ensure that planned audits are performed as stipulated .	nqae和qam决定是否需要额外行动并实现这个行动 , 以确保计划审计作为规划 。
it also can protect the magnetic restraint busbar protection from maloperation possibly caused by variation of the secondary load of ct .	同时也可以保护由ct的二级负荷导致的磁性约束线保护 。
the results indicated that the clean degree of ulc slab adapting two production technology was approximately consistent at the steady state casting ;	结果表明 , 在稳态铸造过程中 , 紫外板的净度适应两种生产工艺是一致的 ;
a deliverable is a measurable , verifiable work product such as a specification , feasibility study report , detailed design document , or working prototype .	可交付的是一种可测量的、可验证的工作产品 , 例如规范、可行性研究报告、详细的设计文档或工作原型 。
the confederate soldiers promised not to fight anymore . in return for this promise , they were released on parole and sent home to their families .	联邦军方承诺不再战斗 , 回到这项证明中 , 他们被释放在巴罗伦 , 送回家 。
caterpillars move by a wave that starts at the back end of their body and sweeps through each segment until it reaches the head , pushing it forward .	卡特帕尔斯从身体背部移动的波浪开始 , 直到达到头部 , 把它推向前 。
the moscow station has grayscale mosaics depicting scenes from dostoevsky's stories , which are characteristically dark and violent .	莫斯科站有灰色的摩西卡图片描述道托夫斯基的故事 , 特别是黑暗和暴力 。
globalization is an irresistible trend and the author thinks that chinese economy and culture will benefit more during the process of globalization .	全球化是一种不可抵抗的趋势 , 作者认为中国经济和文化在全球化过程中会有更多的益处 。
by forcing them to review his departure , mr nozoe may help instil one last reform: greater transparency and accountability at the level of the board .	通过迫使他们审查他的离开 , 诺佐先生可能有助于最后一次改革:在董事会水平上更大透明度和会计性 。
maybe they like us . we've had david beckham , robert pires , dennis bergkamp , jens lehmann and now thierry again .	也许他们喜欢我们 。 我们有大卫贝克汉姆 , 罗伯特皮尔斯 , 丹尼斯·伯格坎普 , 詹姆·莱曼和现在又厚 。
they hugged each other , and dr . stoddard whispered in mrs . thompson's ear , " thank you mrs . thompson for believing in me . "	他们彼此激怒了 , 斯托达博士在汤普森的耳朵里哭着 , " 谢你相信汤普森先生 。 "
overscheduled , stressed , or worried kids often start sleeping less than they should , and sleep deprivation has serious consequences .	过度调度、压力或担心孩子经常会开始睡眠 , 而睡眠剥夺有严重的后果 。
in 1825he bought land for a farmandfactory commune in indiana . it attracted farmers , artisans and intellectuals .	1825年 , 他买了印度一家农业社区的土地 , 它吸引了农民 , 阿特兰人和知识分子 。
through a combination of extravagance and mismanagement , celebrity photographer annie leibovitz finds herself $24m in debt .	通过联合提高和错误管理 , 欢迎摄影师安妮·莱伯维茨在债务中发现自己的24毫米 。
mr . chen wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention .	陈文海先生需要统一的思想 , 保证各种工作的完整实施和成功 。
recently , discoveries of early human remains in china and spa,in have cast doubt on the 'out of africa' theory , but noone was certain .	近年来 , 早期人类的发现仍在中国和西班牙 , 对于非洲理论而言 , 但没有人确定 。
in 1995 , he wrote a lyric titled " a child in a temple " , describing his life and studies in the temple when he was young .	1995年 , 他写了一篇小说《庙里的小孩》 , 描述了他的生命和研究 。
the reports of a given jurisdiction in the course of a generation take up pretty much the whole body of the law , and restate it from the present point of view .	报告给定法官的报告在一代法律的过程中采取了很多整体体体的法律报告 , 然后从当前的角度恢复它 。
but he decided to pick up the pen , groping , continue writing , write every word , he needs to pay ordinary people can not imagine the hard work .	但他决定采取笔、成长、继续写作、写每句话 , 他需要支付普通人不能想象辛苦工作 。
the " table of import tax rates on personal luggage of passengers and personal postal parcels " is part and parcel of this set of provisions .	进口税率的 " 进口税率 " 是本系列规定的一部分和范围 。
about 20 years ago the city and certain visionary private developers began trying to change that too , renovating commercial space into loft apartments .	大约20年前 , 某些视觉私人开发人员也开始试图改变这种情况 , 重新改造商业空间 。
let the host family knows clearly the time/place/destination/counterpart in advance and get the consent when you want to go on a trip or stay out .	让主机家人明确了解时间/地产/房地产/帐户 , 当你想去旅行或住的时候 , 就会得到同意 。
by the way , there were lots of flatlike buildings in former soviet union , in which there were public toilets , bathrooms and kitchens .	路透 , 前苏联有很多平坦的建筑 , 在这里有公共厕所、浴室和厨房 。
second , there are some diabetes patients who may benefit from avandia , and third , patients on avandia may wish to remain on the drug .	第二 , 有一些糖尿病患者可能受益于vandia , 第三 , 患者可能希望继续在药物上 。
hwang later admitted faking data to make the papers look better but claimed that a colleague duped him into thinking that the cell lines were genuine .	王后来承认打印数据使这篇文章看起来更好 , 但声称一名同事使他想到细胞线是真正的 。
it also ensures that your application back end runs with your usual privileges , so you don't have to make crucial files worldwriteable , which is a big plus .	它还保证您的应用程序后端运行通常的特权 , 所以你不需要做出关键的文件 , 这是一个大额 。
phoenix suns chief executive and president rick welts , a longtime nba executive , told the new york times he's gay .	凤凰太阳首席执行官和总统rickwelts , 一位长期的nba执行官告诉纽约时代他是同性恋的 。
the running fund of associated club are collected through moneyraising by the participants , and authority provide places and sports facilities .	联合国俱乐部的运营基金通过参与者收集资金 , 并提供地方和运动设施 。
it tummysolutely speeds recovery from leg ulcers simprove the report by the university of leeds' school of heingterneveryivehcare .	雷德斯大学海伦特尼哈卡尔大学的法律溃疡恢复速度很高 。
the death of king bhumibol adulyadej of thailand means queen elizabeth ii has become the world's longestreigning living monarch .	泰国王布鲁布拉德的死亡意味着伊丽莎白二世成为世界上最长的居住君主 。
article 44 where the orderer has prescribed the qualifications for the construction enterprises to contract the works , the provisions of such qualifications shall apply .	第四十四条建设企业的质量化 , 应当申请这样的质量规定 。
this paper deals with the cultivation of spirulina platensis in large areas . it was successful and predicted for splendid prospects of spirulina cultivation .	文章从大地区精神病的培养过程中对精神病培养的成功预测和预测 。
product simple , fresh , unique style , smell fragrant soak into the depths of bamboo heart , elegant and refined , unique .	产品简单 , 新鲜 , 独特的风格 , 闻到竹心深度、优雅和精炼的深度 。
author has analyzed the poisoning reason of catalyst in kellog ammonia converter , presented the technical measures preventing catalyst from poison .	作者分析了卡尔马尼亚转换器催化剂的毒性原因 , 提出了一种防止毒品催化剂的技术措施 。
incomplete diallel crosses were made ir an experiment with bivoltine races of silkworm to study the genetic effects of six quantitative characters .	采用无完全的二氧化硅交叉试验 , 研究六定量字符遗传效果 。
when i see pure on all sides , yet discover a god to only have me in the debt is 2 human with suo promise , didn't see the diagram of fu nuo at all .	当我看到纯粹的时候 , 却发现上帝只有我在债务中有一个人类的证明 , 没有看到funuo的图 。
there are several good ways to do that , including a swot analysis , evaluating your market , developing your organizational identity or simply forecasting sales .	有几种好办法 , 包括swot分析 , 评估市场 , 开发你的组织身份或简单预测销售 。
wander round to the gulang villa hotel , also on gulangyu , and you'll see three rather downatheel looking seafood restaurants right next to each other .	走到gulangvilla酒店 , 还在gulangyu , 你会看到三个相互的下海餐馆 。
this invention provides a set of selfpowered mechanical device , an autoregulating movable weirplate , a backflushing buffer and liftpull valve .	本发明提供了一套自动化的机械装置 , 一个自动调节可移动的旋转器 , 背流缓冲阀和升压阀 。
in this paper , the authors give two propositions to find the conditional extremes of multivariable functions by using simple forms of cauchy inequality .	本文通过简单的缓存方式对多变函数的条件极度提出了两种建议 。
the paper chooses 147 private enterprises as samples , analyses the 21 inner influencing factors by factor analysis and get 7 common factors .	本文选择147个私营企业作为样本 , 分析了21个因素分析和得到7个因素的内在影响因素 。
the behavior of ca alginate immobilized yeast and polyvinyl alcohol immobilized yeast for continuous production of ethanol is studied .	研究了乙醇连续生产连续生产的催化酵母和聚乙烯醇的催化行为 。
doing so has all sorts of bad consequences , including poor performance , massive system backups , deterring manageability , and increasing odds of failure .	这样做都有各种坏的后果 , 包括不良性能、大规模系统备份、确定性管理 , 以及增加失败的奇怪 。
a novel approach to the realtime speech quality evaluation in a packet network using feedforward multiple class random neural network was presented .	提出了一种利用多类神经随机神经网络实时语音质量评价的新方法 。
nevertheless , in the process that await , 9 cities must the loss of the prediction of a person's luck in a given year that susceptive is a player and income .	然而 , 在等待的过程中 , 9个城市必须失去预测某个人幸运的预测 , 这是一个成功的球员和收入 。
objective:to investigate the relationship between the changes of plasm endothelin and nitric oxide and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension .	目的:探讨血浆内皮素的变化与肾氧化物和血压的关系 。
after the meeting , dai and kim watched the debut of the opera , " the dream of the red chamber " , along with the dprk people from all walks of life .	在会议之后 , 大卫和金正看了戏剧的辩论 , " 红室的梦想 " , 沿着dprk的人来自生活的步伐 。
objective to test the strength of different suture fixation of tendon or ligament end and evaluate appropriate stitches number in cruciate ligament reconstruction .	目的探讨不同倾斜或韧带结合固定的强度 , 评价合适的韧带修复数目 。
it is necessary to calculate the loading situation when designing arch pipe . the computation and application of arch pipes in crossing project is mainly discussed .	在设计拱管时 , 必须计算拱管的荷载情况 , 主要讨论了跨工程中拱管的计算和应用 。
objective to evaluate the value of magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatographyin the diagnosis of benign and malignant bile tract obstructions .	目的探讨磁共振胆管梗阻的临床价值 。
experts believe this is largely due to the fact that men have thicker skin which hides the appearance of bulging fat cells that cause cellulite .	专家认为这主要是由于男性皮肤厚厚的皮肤 , 隐藏出现造成细胞的脂肪细胞 。
i'll talk about who will benefit from the course and a little bit about sort of the detailed subject matter that we'll cover in the course of this semester .	我会谈到谁会从课程中获益 , 以及一些关于我们在本学期内的详细课程的专题问题的小点 。
does your stomach tense ? your breathing quicken ? your pulse race ? your hands tremble ? these sensations prevented carly simon from performing live for years .	你的胃紧张吗 ? 你的呼吸快吗 ? 你的脉冲比率 ? 你的手像吗 ? 这些感觉阻止了几年来的生活 。
during the production of hog cholera rabbitadapeted bovine testis cellular vaccine , there occurred that the virulence of the vaccine has not attained its standard .	霍克莱克莱克莱布拉德·拉伯塔拉的生产过程中 , 出现疫苗的病毒并未获得标准 。
the active chlorine atoms were introduced in the chlorinated cispolybutadiene through a strong organic acid containing active chlorine .	通过强有机酸含有活性氯的有机酸 , 引入了氯酸原子的活性氯原子 。
our companys product are very well , and the products are wellselled in the world , such as : eastasia . and we have a great number of costoms in the world , es . japen , korea .	我公司产品很好 , 产品在世界上销售良好 , 比如:东西亚 , 我们在世界上有很多成本 , 日本 , 韩国 。
soil salinization is one of the major factors compromising crop growth and leading to soil degeneration and desertification in natural ecological environment .	土壤水平是农作物生长的主要因素之一 , 导致土壤变化和自然生态环境中的土壤水解 。
this name in explaining their motives mayor acknowledged media reports of criminal incidents over the city xi wali , he is writing reports balance .	这个名字在解释他们的动机市长承认媒体报告在城市西威利的犯罪事件报告报告中报道平衡 。
this papers mainly introduces the making principles , properties , affecting factors and uses of the neutral silicone sealant for building and decoration .	本文主要介绍了中硅密封的制造原理、性能、影响因素及使用 。
current work includes a contemporary five bedroom house , a modern home over 1500m square and the complete redesignofafamilyhouse .	目前的工作包括当代五个卧室 , 一个现代居住在1500m平方公里和完整的退休家庭 。
and then , there's also a sincere and urgent question about how the person is middle aged person , and he doesn't want to waste time , and you know how should he practice .	然后 , 还有一个诚信和紧急的问题 , 关于人是中老人 , 他不想浪费时间 , 你知道他应该如何实践 。
english idioms become the subject of aesthetics , for the inborn attractiveness , appeal and sociality which turns to be aesthetical values .	英语学习成为审美学的主题 , 对于出生吸引力、吸引力和社会价值来说 , 成为审美价值 。
the cachedrowsetimpl implementation is scrollable , allowing you to scroll backwards and forwards amongst the set of records represented by a rowset .	缓存链简单实现是可滚动的 , 允许您在行表示的记录集中滚动后面和前面 。
yet as our special report in this week’s issue shows , the achievements of germany , europe’s biggest economy , tell a rather different story .	然而 , 作为我们本周的特殊报告显示 , 德国的成就 , 欧洲最大的经济 , 告诉一个不同的故事 。
calls to the api take the form of an http request to an established service entrypoint url , including details of the request as xml data .	呼吁api采取http请求形式来建立的服务进入点url , 包括xml的详细信息 。
malaysia still keeps primary and secondary schools . pupils are taught in chinese except for the subjects of english and malay culture .	马来西亚仍然是主要和二级学校 。 除了英语和马来文化主题外 , 外 , 除了英语和马来文化主题外 , 外 , 外 , 马来西亚仍在教授 。
this lets you generate pdf files , xls spreadsheets , or dynamic web pages without actually opening an ide and compiling any code .	这让您生成pdf文件、xls传递表或动态web页面 , 实际上没有打开一个ide并编译任何代码 。
the results show that the effect intension of sexselective abortion had been increasing in the course of time and it was uneven upon fertile women with different demographic characteristics .	结果表明 , 不同民主特征的女性选择性吸收的影响密度逐渐增加 , 不同民主特征不均匀 。
the core of higher education is to train the students of gain creative abilites . the key lies in the teachers'guidance and the students'participation .	高等教育核心是培训获得创造力的学生 , 关键是教师指导和学生参与的关键 。
a new contract for robin van persie is on arsène wenger's agenda but he does not want the issue to become a media obsession in the months to come .	罗宾·范佩西的新合同在阿森纳温格的议会上 , 但他不希望这个问题在几个月内成为媒体肥胖 。
the beauty of seven < /p> < p> son hostage threatened chen yu , chen yu eventually did not dare let america hurt , let these people .	七个</p><p>儿子主持威胁陈玉 , 最终不敢让美国伤害 , 让这些人 。
i did my home work when planning for the trip to angkor wat . i knew it would be hard to take good pictures of basreliefs using the built in flash on the camera .	我在计划旅行的时候做了我的家工作 , 我知道在摄像机上建立的好照片是很难的 。
botrytis and anthracnose can cause rot of leaves and loss of young growth , usually stems lying on the ground or splashed during irrigation .	鲍特里蒂斯和安托拉克诺斯可能导致叶子和失去年轻生长的旋转 , 通常是在灌溉期间的地面或喷发 。
the quality means person's general conditions which includes the person's quality of thought and moral , science ond culture , labour skill .	质量意味着人类的普通条件包括人类思想质量和道德质量 , 科学在文化、劳动技能方面 。
wang wei expresses to this , cent brews really into the plan long already , the most crucial problem that faces is advertisement advocate admit degree .	王伟表达了这一点 , 中央出现了很长的计划 , 面临广告程度最关键的问题 。
we can reship orders that are returned to us as undeliverable or unclaimed . however , customers will be charged resend shipping fee per parcel .	然而 , 我们可以向我们返回的订单 , 可是不可交付或不声称的 , 客户将收费每公园的费用 。
price undertakings shall not be sought or accepted unless mofcom have made a preliminary affirmative determination of dumping and injury caused by such dumping .	除非mofcom的价格不应该采取或接受 , 否则 , 除非mofcom已经做出了初步的确定 , 因此引起的垃圾和伤害 。
results anthocyanin from purple sweet potato consists of cyanidin , delphinidin , malvidin , petunidin and methyl anthocyanins .	结果紫色糖钾含有氰胺、三苯胺、甲基甲烷和甲基甲烷 。
get to know different types of smoking woods for making barbeque brisket and learn more about bbq grills and fire pits in this free cooking video .	了解不同种类型的吸烟木 , 为了制造酒吧砖 , 学习更多关于bbqgills和消防pit在这个自由烹饪视频 。
solar alternativeitude , azimuth , geography longitude , latitude , alternativeitude , cloud cover , atmospheric transparency .	太阳替代方向 , 地理长期、纬度、替代方向、云覆盖、大气透明度等 。
designer li xinggang once said the bowl shape would help spectators focus on the bottom center of the container , and integrate people and the structure as a whole .	设计师李兴刚曾经说 , 碗形式会帮助观众集中在容器底部 , 集成人们和结构 。
there might be no better place in the world to learn to scuba dive than the glassy seas around key west , at the southernmost tip of the u . s .	世界上没有更好的地方 , 学会比关键西部最南的玻璃海洋的玻璃海水更远 。
u . s . president barack obama is devoting most of his time and public appearances these days to one issue reforming the nation's health care system .	美国总统巴拉克奥巴马在今天的大多数时间和公众出现 , 改革国家卫生保健体系 。
the components of starch , fat , amino acid and ash were determined to analyzed nutrient components of iron stick yam and bubil .	测定了淀粉、脂肪、氨基酸和灰色的成分 。
i am a totally shock when i read this message , then i though back what he sms me last night , he seems like have some kind of showing since yesterday .	当我读这个消息时 , 我完全震惊的时候 , 然后我想回到最后的晚上 , 他看起来像昨天一样的展示 。
as a characteristic type of city , resources cities have ever made great achievements in building up the whole industry and national economy system for china .	作为一个特色的城市 , 资源城市永远在建设整个行业和国家经济体系中获得了巨大的成就 。
introduced are basic principle , process flow , technical characteristics and engineering example of locat sulfur recovery process and its application prospect in china .	介绍了我国硫回收过程的基本原理、过程流程、技术特点及工程应用前景 。
if you've used rails acts_as_authenticated , you know that a loggedin user will set the value associated with the :user key within the session .	如果您已经使用的铁路行为sasauthenticed , 您知道一个logedin用户将设置相关的值:用户键 。
dinstein explained neural activity continues even during sleep and in a typical brain , normally correlates to certain patterns .	迪诺斯坦解释神经活动甚至在睡眠和典型大脑中继续持续 , 通常与某些模式相关 。
the team also designed a removable observation tower that could be used to direct the fire of the howitzers and rockets while the tank was in a turret down position .	这个团队还设计了一个可移动的观测塔 , 可以用来直接导致火箭和火箭的位置 。
our government should build various facilities such as sewage treatment plant and encourage scientists to work out more and better ways to reduce water pollution .	我们的政府应该建立各种各样的设施 , 如污水处理厂和鼓励科学家努力减少水污染 。
although they risked being heckled for saying so , chinese voices on the web suggested that public opinion here is ready for something more sophisticated .	尽管他们风险被震惊的是这样 , 中国在网络上的声音建议公众意见已经准备了一些更复杂的东西 。
newland archer , looking out of his hotel window atthe stately gaiety of the paris streets , felt his heartbeating with the confusion and eagerness of youth .	纽兰拱手 , 看出他的酒店窗户在巴黎街的国家高兴 , 感觉自己的心与青年混乱和渴望 。
ben: yes . numerous people stayed up that night and on tv i saw people walking on the chang' an street waving the national flags excitedly .	本:是的 。 很多人住在那个晚上 , 我看到人们在长城的街道上走着全国旗帜 。
interrogation hermione , he did admit that xiuzhi and zhimin also try their best to help cover hermione , the responsibility to push on the whole region .	他承认 , 周志明同样努力帮助赫密尼 , 负责推动整个地区的责任 。
even though the fitted bodice can draw attention to ladies with smaller or heavier busts , small adjustments can be made to provide a more balanced shape .	虽然适配的boice可以引起更小或更重的缓冲 , 但小调整可以提供更多平衡的形状 。
clearly , different levels of management , whether shorebased or at sea , will require varying levels of knowledge and awareness of the items outlined .	清晰地说 , 不同层次的管理水平 , 无论海岸基础或海域 , 都需要不同的知识水平和意识 。
the government allowed sharia law to be imposed there earlier this year after failing to suppress the twoyear offensive by armed extremists in the region .	今年早些时候 , 政府允许沙利亚法律被武装极端主义压抑两年的两年之后 。
he added english subtitles for the movie were provided in eight local cinemas , although seven of them only showed its 2d version , according to the report .	据报道 , 他补充了英国电影的子文章 , 虽然7个人只显示了它的2d版本 。
according to daly , an apple representative spoke to him by phone to inform him that the rejection of the app was due to its " politically charged " nature .	据大卫报道 , 一位苹果代表在电话告诉他 , 由于它的 " 政治负责 " 自然而引起的拒绝 。
the scientific basis for establishing a set of scientific and integrated system of examination for further carrying out postgraduate education thorou...	科学依据建立一套科学综合考试体系 , 进一步运行毕业后教育体系 。
perhaps most importantly , cd19l killed even those leukemia cells that were highly resistant to both standard chemotherapy drugs as well as radiation .	也许最重要的是 , cd19l杀死了甚至那些高度抗标准化疗药物和辐射的白血病细胞 。
the system will enable warfighters to use handheld computers to request fullmotion video of area of interests such as suspected enemy positions or hostile territory .	该系统将使战士使用手持电脑来请求全面的利益视频 , 例如嫌疑敌人地位或敌人领域 。
ok is without doubt the bestknown and widesttravelled americanism , used and recognised even by people who hardly know another word of english .	好的是 , 没有疑问最著名的和智慧的美国主义 , 甚至很难认识到另一个英语的人 。
organizational keep zhou muyang when on the junction of the traffic policemen , in order to convenient life , she will be home and moved to the east china sea .	组织保持周默阳在交通政策的结束时 , 为了便捷生活 , 她将回到东海 。
the princess bride is the perfect romantic movie for men because it celebrates virtues that are important to the muddier sex , as well as the fairer .	公主新娘是男性的完美浪漫电影 , 因为它庆祝了女性的美德 , 以及公平 。
in the course of a few weeks tess revived sufficiently to show herself so far as was necessary to get to church one sunday morning .	在几个星期的过程中 , tes恢复了很多星期天早上有必要教会自己 。
the approach uses a fibrin gel to support rat cardiac cells temporarily , before the fibrin breaks down as the cells organize into tissue .	这种方法使用纤维素凝胶来支持大鼠心脏细胞 , 之前纤维蛋白突破为组织 。
discusses the windows which play an important role in building's energy saving and points nut that the lowe glass is the best one in this respect at present .	讨论建筑能源节能和点的窗口 , 目前低玻璃是目前最好的一个 。
over time , as we age , the number of mutations begins to outstrip the system’s ability to makerepairs , and mitochondria start malfunctioning and dying .	随着我们年龄的时代 , 突变的数量开始扩展系统的能力 , 米托克隆达开始自我功能和死亡 。
a separate study of holozooplankton , that look like tiny transparent insects , doubled the number of known species from 7 , 000 to 14 , 000 .	一个分离的全球菌株植物的研究 , 看起来像微微透明昆虫 , 双倍的物种从7 , 000到14 , 000 。
running the traditional kind of business is very stressful ! after trying out amway's products , and seeing how our upline was having such a great time , we decided to join .	运行传统的商业是非常紧张的 ! 经过试图出售的产品之后 , 看我们的上线是如此伟大的时候 , 我们决定加入 。
the blood is a human life is so important in human language , blood on the terms of the very rich , such as the energetic , emotional , hard , and so on .	血液是人类语言中的重要生命 , 血液在很丰富的领域 , 如能量、情感、硬等方面都很重要 。
berg got up , and cautiously embracing his wife so as not to crush the lace bertha , for which he had paid a round sum , he kissed her just on her lips .	伯格得到了起来 , 谨慎地抓住他的妻子 , 所以不要打断贝特哈 , 因为他付了一个圆圆的总结 , 他只是在她的嘴上吻她 。
national oilwell varco has developed the next generation program , which will train and develop high potential college graduates for future leadership positions .	全国石油威尔瓦尔科开发了下一代工程 , 将培训高潜在的大学生为未来领导地位 。
railcars , carrying passengers and goods , are main tache in the railage . with the development of society , railage makes higher and higher demands on railcars .	铁路 , 携带乘客和货物 , 是铁路铁路发展的主要任务 , 铁路在铁路上得到更高的要求 。
she keeps a hopechest of items that were important to her husband: quilts made out of hisshirts , pillows made from his ties , his holeinone ball .	她保持一个希望的项目是她丈夫的重要项目:松鼠从他的身体里制成的枕头 , 他的孔子球 。
in the paper , the world uranium resources , its distribution and changes in some countries are introduced by using the information from red bookpublished in 2006 .	本文介绍了2006年红书发布的信息 , 全球铀资源、其在一些国家的分布和变化 。
now , the wahl ningbo is planning to develop domestic market both in professional , animal and consumer markets . we hope more people join us and we will be much better tomorrow .	现在 , 华尔宁波计划在专业、动物和消费市场开发国内市场 , 我们希望更多的人加加入我们 , 我们明天会更好 。
a separate report on friday showed consumer credit rose in november for the second straight month after 20 months of declines , which could bode well for spending .	周五的一份分离报告显示 , 消费者信用增长在11月以后的20个月下降 , 可为消费者提供良好的支出 。
conclusionusing cgms and csii in diabetic patients can get valuable information about blood sugar drift and offer a reasonable clinical therapy .	结论糖尿病患者cgmsi和csi可获得有价值的信息 , 并提供合理的临床疗法 。
an online hiphop community , has received an equity investment from universal music group the financial details of the investment were not disclosed .	网上hiop社区已经收到了一家来自普通音乐集团的股权投资 , 并未公开投资的财务细节 。
but town planners , zealously trying to turn the capital into a modern , efficient and cosmopolitan city , have consigned most of them to history .	但是城镇规划者 , 热烈努力将资本转化为现代、有效和宇宙模式城市 , 已经认为大多数历史 。
wordpress:pages are like posts but " live outside of the normal blog chronology " as you are reminded when you visit the manage pages subpanel .	词汇表示:在访问管理页面的时候 , 页面就像postsposts , 但是 " 正常博客铬 " 生活在正常的情况下 。
the baby effective early learning program in the uk is a perfect and multiplex assessment system with the combination of evaluation making and education processes .	英国婴儿有效早期学习项目是评价和教育过程结合的完美和多方面的评价体系 。
the addition of tapp has improved the compression strength and modulus of rpuf with respect to the compatibility enhancement derived from coupling agent .	此外 , 提高了rpuf的压缩强度和模块 , 从耦合剂中提高了rpuf的兼容性 。
this article introduces the villa named " bamboo wall " which was designed by the japanese architect kengo kuma , with analysis of the design process .	本文介绍了日本建筑师肯哥卡马拉设计的 " 竹墙 " 的维拉 , 并对设计过程进行了分析 。
next , do an immediatemode compare of register 3 with the number 0 and store the result in register 4 with ceqi $4 , $3 , 0 .	接下来 , 做一个立即模式对注册3进行比 , 用qi$4 , $3 , 000美元存储结果 。
on sunday the observer claimed that " the tea party rose out of anger over the scale of federal spending , and in particular in bailing out the banks " .	星期日 , 观察官声称 " 茶党在联邦开支规模上升出愤怒 , 尤其是在银行中 " 。
by the late 1990s , however , licensing samples had become so costly that many rappers began to create backing tracks and sounds from scratch instead .	然而 , 在1990年代末期 , 许可样本已经变得成本上 , 许多快乐开始从scaratch创建背景和声音 。
the fiveyear survival rate for melanoma is about 98 percent if detected early but can be as low as 15 percent when detected at an advanced stage .	早期发现的5年生存率大约为98% , 但在先进阶段检测的时候 , 发现的5年生存率为15% 。
but after the passing of galadriel in a few years celeborn grew weary of his realm and went to imladris to dwell with the sons of elrond .	但是在过去几年的卡拉德里尔的过去之后 , 出生了几年的庆祝婚礼 , 和埃伦儿子的儿子一起去 。
on the evening of march 28 , 2001 , chilean president met with foreign minister tang who was in chile to attend the east asialatin america forum .	2001年3月28日晚 , 智利总统与外交部长唐在智利参加东美论坛会见 。
on the back side of the glove are hundreds of rhinestones individually sewn on . this glove is a significant piece of pop history .	背部的一面是数百个rinestestone个人缝纫 , 这个套是一个很重要的流行历史 。
business is booming for detroitbased companies in china today , and those partnerships are paying off at a time when sales in the u . s . have been less than stellar .	今天 , 美国销售额低于斯坦拉的时候 , 这些合作伙伴关系正在增加基于破坏的公司 。
the outlook on organic form in new criticism consists of three concepts such as " literary autonomy " , " organic whole " and " unity of opposites " .	新批评中的有机形式包括 " 文学自治 " 、 " 有机整体 " 和 " 相对统一 " 三个概念 。
the following command will create , within volume group testvg , a jfs2 file system of 10mb with mounting point /fs2 and having read only permissions	下面的命令将创建 , 在体积组测试中 , jfs2文件系统使用安装点/fs2 , 只读允许的jfs2文件系统 。
objective to study the relationship between interleukin 6 and interleukin 18 levels in serum and the syndrome differentiation of rheumatoid arthritis .	目的探讨血清中白蛋白6和中间白18水平之间的关系及风湿性动脉炎综合鉴别 。
the current operation state and problems of electromagnetic stirring system of skf furnace of no . 1 steel mill of maanshan iron & steel co .	目前马山铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁铁矿的电磁搅拌系统的电磁搅拌系统的运行状态和问题 。
meanwhile , double lineage inheritance , equal inheritance between the sexes , and establishment of individual property have become the basic content .	同时 , 双线继承 , 等等等继承性 , 建立个性产权的基本内容已经成为基本内容 。
the perfect state of love is being single and alone , just like the flower words delivered by garland flowers : keep the memory in the summer ...	爱的完美状态是单一独独独独独独的 , 就像花朵交给的花词:保持夏天的记忆...
the huadian basin situated in southern jilin province of ne china is a half graben basin and lies to north of the dunhuamishan faults .	华北盆地位于中国南部吉林省 , 是一个半格拉伯盆地 , 位于丹华南断裂的北部 。
this unit features two 128gallon mixing tanks , a 30gallon holding hopper and a flanged inlet progressive cavity grout pump .	这个单元特征为两128gallon混合罐 , 一个30gallo持有胡椒和一个fang的进口腔groutp泵 。
although " reasonable pluralism " often characterizes the public culture of a democracy , the mainstream ideology in modern times is economism .	虽然 " 合理多元主义 " 经常表现出民主的公共文化 , 但现代主流思想是经济主义 。
a chemicalriskassessment model system is recently constructed , based on updated atmospheric dispersion numerical algorithms and the adjoint method .	最近建立了一种基于更新大气分散算法和调整方法的化学测量模型 。
the selection of commodities and the assignment of weights require careful consideration , but if done properly inflation will no longer be a matter of concern .	商品的选择和重量的分配需要仔细考虑 , 但如果做到正确的通胀不再是关注的问题 。
methods according to the reasonable operative plan , operation was performed under the guidance of ct and bultrasonotomography on the examining table with carm .	方法根据合理的操作计划 , 采用ct和超声图对卡姆检查表进行ct指导操作 。
now therefore know certainly that ye shall die by the sword , by the famine , and by the pestilence , in the place whither ye desire to go and to sojourn .	所以当然 , 黄必被剑死亡 , 由著名的 , 和祭祀的地方 , 是的 , 必要去去享受 。
an integrating analog to digital converter is disclosed that comprises a delay locked loop which is synchronized to a reference clock signal .	讨论了数字转换器的集成模拟 , 包括一个延迟锁定循环 , 同步到参考钟信号 。
the newspaper said that hkma will increase its exposure in the two european capitals through the exchange fund , an investment vehicle hkma manages .	报纸称 , hkma将增加两个欧洲资本通过交易基金的暴露 , 投资汽车hkma管理 。
stocks' recent pullback has put renewed pressure on household budgets . the s&p 500 index has fallen about 4 percent so far in july .	股票最近的推动压力在家庭预算上再生压力 , 标普500指数在7月份降至4% 。
and he reinstituted limits on nongovernmental organizations that operate overseas and receive u . s . taxpayer money from performing abortions .	而且他在非政府组织上限制了美国税收者从执行吸收的非政府机构 , 并获得美国税收者资金的限制 。
if special circumstances prevent this from being realized , it may issue them in installments with the approval of the securities committee of the state council .	如果特殊情况防止这种情况 , 它可能会在国务院批准的证券委员会上发布安装 。
in general relativity , time is considered a dimension like height , width and depth , creating a four dimensional universe called spacetime .	一般相对性 , 时间被认为是高度、宽度和深度的维度 , 创建一个叫做空时的四维宇宙 。
few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume .	很少人习惯于早些时候从灵魂中获得质询 , 因为它更难检查自己的心比写一篇文章 。
a spokesman for fernando lugo , paraguay’s president , said that he would continue in office despite being diagnosed with lymphatic cancer .	巴拉圭总统的发言人弗南多·卢戈表示 , 尽管在淋巴癌诊断 , 他仍然会继续在办公室 。
the permit holder shall ensure that the project is designed , constructed and operated in accordance with the information and recommendations contained in the eia report .	允许保证该项目的设计、建设和运行 , 根据ia报告中包含的信息和建议 。
this model duration is longer , disappear naturally slow also , if have reappearance rash , can show constantly snakelike , annulus much shape , more annular .	这种模型的时间很长 , 消失自然缓慢 , 如果有复杂的rash , 可以显示不断的蛇类 , 很多星形 。
in 2007 , niu niu joined emi family and thus became the world's youngest classic pianist signed by international classic music brands .	2007年 , niu加入了emi家庭 , 因此成为世界上最年轻的经典钢琴家签署的国际古典音乐品牌 。
but in my experience , the base uml language is more than sufficient for documenting the essentials of the architecture of most softwareintensive systems .	但是在我经验中 , 基uml语言超过足够的文档大多数软件密集系统的必要 。
i think if i do some aerobic exercise at night , it could help boost my energy levels during the 15am period where i experience the most drowsiness .	我想如果我在晚上做一些航空运动 , 它可以帮助在15am期间提高我的能量水平 。
from the first day of treatment with ae , the chemotaxis of mice pmn began to descend and the effect of large dosagegroups were greater than that of small dosage groups .	第一天 , 小鼠pmn的化学物质开始降低 , 大剂量剂量的影响比小剂量组更大 。
the presentation at the chicago conference , which recently disappeared from a siemens web site , never discussed specific places where the machines were used .	芝加哥会议的发表最近消失了西门网站 , 从未讨论机器使用的具体地方 。
according to the fire statistics , the onevariable linear regression mathematical model is used to predict the spread of fire and to supervise the fire prevention .	根据火灾统计 , 采用一种可变线性回归数学模型预测火灾传播和监督火灾预防 。
methods 245 undergraduate students were evaluated by selfrating depression scale , selfrating anxiety scale and a selfmade questionnaire .	方法采用自我抑郁规模、自我焦虑规模和自制问题评价245名学生 。
'we shouldn't be coerced through this process to contribute more to that effort than we're willing to do voluntarily , ' mr . lauria told the court .	劳里亚先生告诉法院说 , 我们不应该通过这个过程来贡献更多的努力 。
the celegians are a species of intelligent scyphozoans , appearing as floating brains trailing a cluster of prehensile tentacles .	白天主义者是一种智能科学家 , 出现为浮动大脑培养一个妊娠的群体 。
studies have suggested that demand for new planes from chinese airlines will increase fivefold over the next 20 years , requiring over 2 , 000 additional aircraft .	研究表明 , 中国航空公司新飞机需求将在未来20年增加五倍 , 需要超过2 , 000架额外飞机 。
the people of israel saw the amazing works of god and heard the thundering voice of god from mount sinai , and they trembled in righteous fear .	以色列人看到神的惊讶作品 , 听到神的声音来自西纳尼的神的声音 , 他们在正确的恐惧中颤抖 。
in many regions , teachers engage in preparation before they start teaching in schools , a stage referred to in this document as preservice teacher education .	在许多地区 , 教师在学校开始教学之前 , 一个阶段被称为保护教育的阶段 。
i can ! when eden was born he was given antibiotics to clear excess fluid from his lungs . the nicu doctors advised us to permit it .	我可以 ! 当爱登出生的时候 , 他被给予抗生素清理过多的流体 , 尼古医生建议我们允许它 。
a friendly microclimate unfurled itself from the bottle of johnnie walker and encouraged my imagination to emerge from its burrow .	一个友好的微气候从约翰尼走廊瓶里不燃自己 , 鼓励我的想象从它的棕色中出现 。
as they were passing through a grove of small trees , they heard a great fluttering over their heads and a feeble chirping in the grass by the roadside .	当他们穿过一棵小树的时候 , 他们听到了一条巨大的飞船 , 路边的一条可怕的飞船 。
in addition to the body has some disease outside smoked more than 10 a day or alcohol and have genital inflammation is can't use drugs of abortion .	除了身体外有一些疾病外 , 外面吸烟了10天或酒精 , 还有基因炎症是无法吸收的药物 。
ie10 platform preview 1 , available for download today is the first step in delivering the next wave of progress in native html5 support .	ie10平台预览1 , 今天下载的下载是本地html5支持下一步的第一步 。
therefore on teaching reform , the training of the former should be combined to the training of latter so that students may improve their overall capacity in thinking .	因此 , 教学改革的培训应该与以后的培训相结合 , 使学生在思维中提高整体能力 。
the ceramic coatings possess some excellent capability of corrosion resistance , heatstrike resistance , wearlessness , electric insulation and so on .	陶瓷涂料具有耐腐蚀性、耐热性、耐磨性、耐磨性、电绝缘等优良能力 。
the controller has been used in multiunit electric drive synchronization control system of textile dyeing machinery . it has high control presision and reliability .	该控制器在纺织染料机多功能电驱动同步控制系统中应用 , 具有较高的控制预防和可靠性 。
conclusion discrimination dosages of 5 insecticides to adult mosquito could be used for the resistance detection of cx . pipiens pallens in china .	结论我国5个杀虫剂量可用于cx的耐药检测 。
for most , the goal is to swallow all the grapes before the last stroke of midnight , but peruvians insist on taking in a 13th grape for good measure .	对于大多数来说 , 目标是在午夜最后一场葡萄之前吞下所有葡萄 , 但乌维亚人坚持在13英寸的葡萄上进行良好的测量 。
the synchronization information is carried by short code , which overcomes the difficulty of correlation code transmission in fast frequencyhopping .	通过短代码进行同步信息 , 克服快频传输的相关代码困难 。
this is what leads to the need to delineate the relationship and distinction between serviceorientation and serviceoriented technology architecture . here’s one way of breaking it down	这是导致服务面向和服务面向的技术架构之间的关系和区别的必要 。
errors of this type get passed through into the generated code or configuration files , which can make it difficult to backtrack to the original source of the problem .	这个类型的错误通过生成代码或配置文件传递到了生成代码或配置文件 , 使它难以回溯到原始的问题 。
the direct cause is the emerging atmbased bisdn and the advent of adsl , the shortened form of asymmetric digital subscriber loop .	直接原因是出现不对称数字订阅循环的不对称形式 。
the conclusion is that assembling waterstoring cellar is technically viable , and should be popularized in watercollection and watersaving irrigation projects .	结论组装水调水细胞是技术可行的 , 应该在水采集和节水灌溉工程中受欢迎 。
it is important to point out , though , that schools of a certain type actively seek out waldorf graduates as potential students .	然而 , 很重要的是指出 , 某些类型积极寻求沃尔多夫毕业作为潜在学生 。
senior officials from 21 countries are meeting in hawaii this week for the annual summit of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum apec .	21个国家高级官员本周在夏威夷举行会议 , 亚太平洋经济合作论坛的年度峰会 。
it also discusses function of city circular road construction , the necessity of performing by stages and the station of viaduct in circular road .	同时还讨论城市环路建设的功能、环路行动的必要性及环境路上的viaduct站 。
the multipurpose combined plough can combine the cultivation and loosening and implements the work of an empty entity coexistence cultivation method .	多目的结合ploug可以结合培养和松散 , 实现空实体共存培养方法的工作 。
sun erniangs is strongly commended by shi nai'an , revealing his advanced concepts of equality between men and women at that time .	孙龙强烈推荐的是shinaian , 揭示他在男性和女性之间平等的先进概念 。
some instinct had startled them , and they turned their backs on the train and began to bounce away through the grass , their motion as graceful as any ballerina's .	一些直觉开始了他们 , 他们在火车上转动了他们的背部 , 开始跳过草坪 , 他们的运动就像任何球员一样优雅 。
pyridoxine : was found to be more effective than methylphenidate in treating a group of hyperactive children in a doubleblind , crossover study .	pyridoxine:在双盲、交叉研究中 , 发现比甲基苯胺更有效 。
advertising play a significant role in american business , furthermore , it exerts enormous effects on the nation's economy .	广告在美国商业中发挥重要作用 , 进一步 , 对国家经济有着巨大的影响 。
thank you for your collection and keeping the weidong xing works and this collection card , and your behavior of collecting will also be an important part of the works .	感谢您收集并保持文明作品和收集卡 , 收集行为也是作品的重要组成部分 。
participants who took a daily dose saw their average number of satisfying sexual experiences increase from 2 . 7 to 4 . 5 per month .	参与日常剂量的参与者看到他们平均的性感经历从2.7到4.5个月增加到2.7 。
there is good oil and gas exploration potentiality in the low permeability chang 4+5 reservoir on yanchang formation in jiyuan area , ordos basin .	江川地区低渗透长4+5储层油气勘探潜力良好 。
the research will look at whether taking garlic capsules can disrupt the communication system of the pathogen pseudomonas to prevent illness from taking hold .	研究将观察花岗胶囊是否能否破坏病因伪猴的通信系统 , 以防止疾病的疾病 。
because of the special geological features in sublayers reservoir , the general method of injecting chemical agent does not fit the development of sublayers .	由于亚层水库特殊的地质特征 , 引入化学代理的通用方法不适合亚层的发展 。
" i'm not saying that we looked dowdy , " mary says . " she said , 'you don't have to be dirty to be poor . ' i always remember that . "	玛丽说: " 我不说我们看起来很多人 , " 她说 , " 你不必是穷人 。 " 我总是记得这么多 。 "
it will be said that this revolution is likely to be betrayed or hijacked , that the hardliners and the theocrats are certain to prevail at the end of the day .	此次革命可能被禁止或被劫持 , 硬线人和ocra人一定要在日底进行预防 。
while iq and personality test may not bear much direct relation to fechner's ideas , their spirit is the same: to measure , to quantify , to know the difference between .	虽然iq和个性测试可能不会承受更多的直接关系 , 但它们的精神与测量、定量、了解其间接的差异 。
but the sandbox has walls , as weibo for now does not play much with the outside world , and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime .	但是 , 沙箱已经有墙壁 , 正如魏博现在并没有与外世界发挥很多关联 , 而且对一个严格的监测和审查政策的主题 。
well , that's a pretty big megaphone . and you'd be hardpressed , if you watched the entire day , to find a positive story about me on that front .	好的 , 这是一个很大的电话 , 你很难压迫 , 如果你看整个日子 , 找到一个关于我前面的积极故事 。
in 2008 , ceo braddock realized that one of the biggest obstacles to ordering groceries online is that consumers can't inspect and touch perishable food .	2008年 , ceobraddobradock认识到 , 在线订购杂货的最大的障碍是消费者不能检查和触摸完美食品 。
per patient treated , there is considerable variation in budgets for firstline drugs , in total ntp budgets and in total costs for each year 2002–2005 .	每个患者治疗 , 第一线药物预算预算中有相当的变化 , 在2002-2005年的总成本和总成本都有一定的变化 。
also an improvement has been made by inventing a kind of composite press which possesses the advantages of both the friction press and the hydraulic press .	同时 , 本发明了一种具有摩擦压力和液压压优点的复合压力的改进 。
it was considered a sign of progress that india’s parliament debated “population stabilization” this month after largely ignoring the issue for years .	这个月 , 印度议会辩论 " 人口稳定 " 的标志在大量忽略这个问题后 , 被认为是印度议会的迹象 。
guanglei is studying the bachelor of visual media at griffith university campus and provides some fun and helpful insights in to his experience at griffith .	广利正在研究格里菲大学视觉媒体的学习 , 为格里菲的经验提供一些有益的注意 。
it's useless staring at scoreboard . as nearly all the people had left the stand , hank resentfully went out of the stadium and got to the car in the parking lot .	这是无用的站在scoreboard , 几乎所有的人都离开了站台 , 隐私地走出体育馆 , 停车很多 。
while the current numbers may suggest a step in that direction , analysts say they are not a definitive indicator of a turnaround in china's trade .	尽管目前的数字可能会建议一步的方向 , 但分析师表示他们并不是中国贸易的定义指标 。
“this rubbish translation is edited at points , ” groused one post attached to the translation on sina . com , a popular web portal .	" 这是rubish翻译在点编辑的 , " 一篇文章附加到sina.com的翻译中 , 流行的web门户 。
we analyses four main models of antimonopoly authority institution , and point that efficient power is very important to antimonopoly authority .	我们分析了四个反垄断机构的主要模型 , 指出有效的权力对抗垄断机构非常重要 。
the donor must receive proper medical followup but this is often lacking when he or she is seen as a means to making a profit , " added dr luc noel .	捐赠者必须接受适当的医疗跟踪 , 但在他或她看作是一个手段 , " lucnoel博士补充道 。
and what " s more , the acreages of garden plot , agroland , residential and industrial land would gain its peak and then decrease to stable state . "	另外 , 花园地区、农田、住宅和工业土地的增长将获得其峰值 , 然后降低稳定状态 。
at least 19 people died in a stampede at the love parade dance music festival in the western german city of duisburg on july 24 , the bbc reported .	据bbc报道 , 至少有19人在7月24日在德国杜伊斯堡西部杜伊斯堡的爱游行舞蹈舞蹈节上死亡 。
imagination can make us anything , and , even if a teiresias syndrome leads to no overt acts , literature can make us anything and put us anywhere .	想象能让我们任何东西 , 即使是一个爱尔西亚综合征导致没有过度行动 , 文学可以使我们任何东西 , 把我们放在任何地方 。
after finishing , he removed flag and cheerfully wiped his mouth with it . some of stilwell's chinese are as young as 14 , few are older than 25 .	完成之后 , 他把旗子移除 , 珍惜地用它擦嘴 , 有些西威尔的中国人像14岁 , 少有25岁 。
a city of westcentral peru on the pacific ocean near lima . founded in 1537 , it is peru's largest port . population , 264 , 133 .	1537年建立的太平洋海洋中西部城市 。 人口264 , 1333 。
noone made a fuss and i have found it hard to make the case that this archaeologically superrich city is much poorer without one old tumbledown mosque .	没有人做过一个融合 , 我发现这条拱形超级城市的情况很难让一个老型的蚊子变得更糟糕 。
you must have gone through a difficult time , trying to learn a foreign language and at the same time adapting to a totally different culture and environment .	你必须经历一个困难的时候 , 试图学习外语 , 同时适应文化和环境 。
a man hunted for a fox and finally lost himself in the forest . he walked around anxiously . at dark he met an old lady with white hair .	一个男人为狐狸打猎 , 最后在森林里丢失了自己 。 他在黑暗的时候 , 他遇到了一个白发的老妇人 。
the atoll—a ringshaped island enclosing a central lagoon—is part of the tuamotu archipelago , the largest chain of atolls on earth .	环形的岛屿附近一个中央的拉戈隆 , 是地球上最大的链 。
pennaceous feathers cover the bodies of birds , and their tightly closed vanes create the aerodynamic surfaces of the wings and tail .	野生的羽毛覆盖了鸟体 , 它们紧密关闭的葡萄酒创造了翅膀和尾巴的气动力表面 。
it is often necessary to map one business object into another when coordinating between heterogeneous systems , or even as part of normal business logic .	当协调异构系统之间的协调时 , 通常需要映射一个业务对象 , 甚至作为正常业务逻辑的一部分 。
but , sometimes , that fatigue stems from low iron stores , particularly prevalent among women in their 20s and 30s , who don’t eat much meat .	然而 , 有时候 , 低铁商店的疲劳干扰 , 尤其是在20和30岁的女性中女性的出现 , 他们不吃很多肉 。
the results showed the design was reasonable and the motion was reliable . the property of chain which was assembly by those hardened chain pins achieved high level in the world .	结果表明 , 该设计合理 , 运动可靠 , 由这些硬链组装的性能达到了世界上高水平 。
in order to relieve the habitat pressure of coastal birds , it is necessary to build waterfowl ponds at the edge of the core zone .	为了减少海岸鸟的栖息压力 , 需要在核心区边建造水流池 。
infoq: it seems that your wish regarding the video codecs is getting closer to happen as google announced they are dropping h . 264 .	infoq:看起来你希望看到视频编码正在接近谷歌宣布他们正在下降h.264 。
madonna , cherie blair and the beckhams have all moved to silence nannies who threatened to lift the apron on their domestic lives .	马登娜 , 切里·布莱尔和贝克汉姆都移动了那些威胁在国内生活上升的人们 。
equipped with a night vfr avionics suite from either dynon or garmin , getting out and back to your secret destination will also be much easier .	装备一夜vfrvvvvfr的航空设备 , 可以得到和回到您的秘密目的地也很容易 。
the bars and cafes that ring the plaza have filled it with tables . families stop here after their evening stroll , or paseo , for a glass of wine .	酒吧和咖啡馆都填满了桌子 , 家庭在晚上站在这里 , 或者一杯葡萄酒 。
according to chen xi , a senior consultant at zhaopin . com , companies discard staff who cannot generate profit in economic slumps .	据陈西说 , 一位高级顾问在赵普林.com公司不能产生经济下滑的利润 。
“our offer does not require approval from the eu , ” said ruban yogarajah , a spokesman for bhp , the world’s biggest mining company .	世界上最大的矿业公司发言人rubanyogarajah说: " 我们不需要从欧盟获得批准 。 "
stockmarket indices , soaring house prices and low inflation surely did more to feed bankers’ and borrowers’ exaggerated sense of wellbeing .	股市指标 , 享受房价和低通货膨胀 , 肯定有更多的喂养银行和借贷者的愤怒感觉 。
the practice indicated that conditional knowledge is the important foundation for career development of teacher , play an unreplaceable part in teacher's routine work .	实践表明 , 条件知识是老师职业发展的重要基础 , 在老师工作中发挥不可替代的部分 。
as well as beating all other sportswomen , the 20yearold finished ahead of the likes of charlize theron , natalie portman and salma hayek .	同时 , 除了其他运动员外 , 20岁的年轻人也完成了像纳塔利·波曼和萨玛·哈伊克这样的魅力 。
to ensure that we got meaningful results , we also verified that the grid index is actually exploited for this query as explained in a later section .	为了确保我们获得有意义的结果 , 我们也证实了网格指数实际上是在后一节解释的 。
for instance , in the short term market peaked , many people point to petty profits , the stock has clearly powei would also like to defend or even to cover positions !	例如 , 在短期市场上 , 许多人指向小利润 , 股票明显会想保护或覆盖地位 !
investors seem to be somewhat undecided , with hisoft stock down 9 percent during regular monday trading but then rebounding 17 percent in after hours .	投资者似乎没有被忽略 , 周一交易期一的股价下跌9% , 但后几个小时后 , 股价下跌17% 。
note that arthur is not going in to work at the crack of dawn , as he has a conversation in the burrow with amos diggory , who has already been at work for some time .	注意 , 阿瑟并不会在达文裂缝工作 , 因为他有一个与mosdiggory有关的谈话 , 他已经在工作 。
typical office hierarchies don't apply: managers like farrar , who oversee teams of hundreds of artists on big films , are rootless .	通常的办公室层次不适用:像faar这样的经理 , 谁超过数百名艺术家在大电影上都是无根的 。
from now , only the intelsat did the 16qam experiments in space communication , and their 16qam is made by conventional method , and its data rate is not high .	从现在 , 只有intelsat在空间通信中做到了16qam实验 , 其中16qam是由传统方法制成的 , 其数据率不高 。
laparoscopic hernia repair is a technique to fix tears in the abdominal wall using small incisions , telescopes and a patch .	腹腔镜移植修复技术是用小切口、电镜和片固定的腹壁固定泪水技术 。
neither had married nor had any living heirs and my father once told me that it was because they were both too stingy to share their family wealth or pass iton .	不管结婚并没有任何生活的女生 , 我的父亲曾告诉我 , 因为他们都太愚蠢地分享他们的家庭财富或传递它 。
to the tune of an electric russian dance theme , players fit falling polyominoes into one another to clear the board and achieve the most points .	为了一个电俄罗斯舞蹈主题的tune , 玩家将聚氨基聚合物放到另一个清理板上 , 实现最多的点 。
a cree exclamation of awe , “yoho” applies perfectly to the park’s big peaks , expansive glaciers , and impressive waterfalls .	一个哭泣的声明 , " 瑜伽 " 适用于公园的大峰、膨胀的冰川 , 和印象的水落 。
his expression_r was truly comical and at that moment i did not know whether he was a preposterous old man pulling my leg or whether he was really a simpleton .	他的表达式是真正的非常普遍的 , 当时我不知道他是否是一个先前的老人 , 或者他真的是个简单的子 。
the design schemes , which are good or not , influence the investment and period of construction directly , and determine the service and economic results after completation of construction .	设计方案在建设完成后 , 直接影响建筑投资期和经济效果 。
the invention involves fluorine plastic liner manufacturing and application technology , particularly a fluorine plastic lining composite product and its manufacturing method .	本发明涉及荧光塑料衬衣制造和应用技术 , 尤其是一种氟塑料衬衣复合材料及其制造方法 。
objective: to evaluate the effects of plateletderived growth factorbb on the attachment and proliferation of periodontal ligament cells on different root surfaces .	目的:探讨板层生长因子对不同根表面附着和增殖的影响 。
pyongyang , the capital of the revolution , was spruced up and the socialist fairyland was unfolded everywhere to change the looks of the country tremendously .	平壤 , 革命的首都平壤 , 社会主义公平面临着巨大的变化 。
the clinkering process of the bariumcontaining sulphoaluminate cement clinker was studied by the means of high temperature microscope and xrd .	采用高温显微镜和xrd方法研究了含硫酸钙水泥夹层的冲击过程 。
cisc processors generally feature variablelength instructions , multiple addressing formats , and contain only a small number of generalpurpose registers .	cisc处理器通常具有变长指令、多地址格式 , 包含少量通用注册 。
to be honest , much of it had little to do with the content of the class , as we were taught the same things that any university of michigan thermo 1 student would learn .	诚实而言 , 大多数人与课堂内容相同 , 因为我们教过米歇根大学的任何一所学生都会学习 。
since china resumed the financial trust business in 1979 , the trust industry has experienced six major improvements and rectification .	由于中国在1979年恢复金融信任业务 , 信托行业经历了六大改进和修复 。
objective:to observe the therapeutic efficacy of nebulized budesonide suspension plus albuterol and ipratropium bromide in childhood asthma .	目的:观察新生儿哮喘新生儿血管悬浮的治疗效果 。
she added all bp errors identified by the southern utes and the federal government have been corrected and the majority of them had no impact on royalty payments .	她补充了南uts和联邦政府所确认的bp错误 , 大多数人对皇家付款没有影响 。
after fleeing the marriage that her father tried to arrange , she found happiness in the netherlands but lost a close friend who was murdered by a muslim zealot .	在逃离婚姻之后 , 她的父亲试图安排 , 她在荷兰找到幸福 , 但失去了一个由穆斯林·齐拉特被谋杀的密切朋友 。
through them perfectly visible unique mechanism bugatti , built on the principle of a skyscraper , although stories in it are only five .	通过他们完美可见的独特机制 , 建立在天空的原则上 , 虽然在这里只有五个故事 。
but the company generally doesn't give to charity ; it doesn't contribute to political campaigns ; it shouldn't be , ideally , doing any of those things .	但是该公司通常不给慈善 , 它不贡献政治活动 ; 它不应该是理想的 , 做任何事情 。
grandma billye , who is now 96 years old , loaned him $100 to start his first business , a fireworks stand he established in the 8th grade .	现在96岁的祖母billye , 他贷款了100美元 , 一个消防员站在第8级建立 。
shantou city , lake food machinery factory is a professional production of automatic diecutting machine , fengguan machine , polishing machine business .	山东市湖食品机械厂是一家专业生产自动管理机械、凤莞机械、抛光机械业务的专业生产 。
liverpool manager rafael benitez has praised captain steven gerrard for raising his game against the background of rumours of problems with his marriage .	利物浦经理拉法尔本尼特兹赞扬队长斯蒂文·杰拉德 , 提高他的婚姻背景 。
the cui madam's viewpoint is quite comprehend , accurate still have some to resent curious li xing asks for for the sake of the peony so much bothersome .	cuimadam的观点是相当复杂的 , 准确的还有一些回归的李兴请求这么多的牡丹都是这样做的 。
this article introduces a design and practice of an enterprise distributing resource planning , illuminates the structure of the drp and implementing technology .	本文介绍了企业分配资源规划的设计和实践 , 阐述了该技术的结构和实现 。
renewed efforts are needed to increase support for the " three rurals " , namely the rural economy , rural development and rural demography (	需要重新努力增加 " 三农村 " 的支持 , 即农村经济、农村发展和农村民主 " 的支持 。
the effects of roundtrip optical length fluctuation , assumed to be an ergodic random process , on a fiberoptic ring resonator are analyzed in detail .	详细分析了圆纹光长波动的影响 , 假设是一个算法随机过程 , 对纤维光环谐振器进行了分析 。
this article uses a combination of probabilistic and nonprobabilistic methods to describe the uncertain factors that influence structural reliability analysis .	本文利用概率性和非概率学方法结合描述影响结构可靠性分析的不确定因素 。
use hoil , hydrogen blocking silicone oil , hexamethyldisiloxane , d4 to synthesized the needed hydrogen silicone oil .	使用hoil、氢阻塞硅油、六甲烷、d4合成需要的氢硅油 。
objective to investigate the effects of total saponins of paeonia on trace elements and myocardial ultramicrostructure of dog with acute myocardial infarction .	目的探讨胰岛素总皂苷对急性心肌梗死的追踪元素及心肌超微结构的影响 。
aim to study on the alterations of t suppressor cell function in patients with ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease and their clinical significance .	目的探讨溃疡性胆囊炎患者t抑制细胞功能的变化及其临床意义 。
we which return to together care for a tube , vernal equinox elder sister at ordinary times speak nobody too challenge don't listen to .	我们一起回到一起关心管 , 垂直平等的姐姐在普通时说没有人太挑战的话 。
it served in the western and eastern front notably in the battle of normandy , operation " market garden " in holland , and the offensive in ardennes .	它在西方和东方的战斗中不可忽视 , 在荷兰运营 " 市场园 " 的战斗中 , 以及阿登斯的攻击 。
the fifth chapter discusses the related problems of the capital city system of liao dynasty , including the relation between zuzhou city and liao shangjing ;	第五章讨论了辽朝资本城市制度的相关问题 , 包括珠州城市与李京之间的关系 ;
but president obama's budget director , peter orszag , says republicans are just wrong in their assertions about the president's tax proposals .	但奥巴马总统预算主任彼得·奥斯扎格说 , 共和党人只是对总统的税收建议进行评估 。
force consequently requires solicitation from without: it works blindly: and on account of this defectiveness of form , the content is also limited and accidental .	因此 , 没有必要的力量需要解决:它是盲目的:在这种缺陷的情况下 , 内容也是有限和意外的 。
she maintains her fashionista reputation by wearing tshirts sporting the avatar from her favorite game and by carrying her personalized avatar coffee mug .	她保持时尚主义者的声誉 , 穿t恤衫从她最喜欢的游戏中体现出来并携带她个人化的vata咖啡苗 。
in a book titled mindset: the new psychology of success , stanford psychologist carol dweck gives a name to what i’ve just described .	在一本著名的小说中 , 新心理学的成功 , 斯坦福的心理学家卡罗·德韦克给我描述的名字 。
they claim that in order to become any more intelligent the human brain would need vast amounts of extra energy and oxygen – and we simply cannot provide it .	他们声称 , 为了成为任何更聪明的大脑需要大量额外的能量和氧气 , 我们只是不能提供它 。
washington jan 22 regulators seized five u . s . banks on friday , driving up the tally in what is expected to be a busy year for bank failures .	华盛顿1月222日监管机构周五在美国银行采取五家银行 , 预计将成为银行失败的忙年 。
the international energy agency expects global oil demand to grow by just 400 , 000 barrels a day this year , to 86 . 5 million barrels a day .	国际能源机构预计今年全球石油需求增长400万桶 , 每天8650万桶 。
tv news brands are also heavily visited by nonprint newspaper readers , underscoring the importance of sight , sound and motion to the digital news experience .	电视新闻品牌也重视非印刷报纸阅读者的访问 , 认识了视觉、声音和运动到数字新闻经验 。
in morerecent public comments , mr . wen has pledged to maintain foreign business confidence in china and to meet more regularly with international executives .	在最近公众评论中 , 温先生承认在中国维护外商业信心 , 并与国际执行官相符合更多规则 。
if the timer expires before data in the segment is acknowledged , tcp assumes that the segment has lost or being damaged , and a retransmission is sent .	如果时间器在部门数据之前被认知 , tcp假设该部门损失或损坏 , 则会发送回报 。
because it returns a result with nominal nanosecond resolution , it's natural to think that it has the same accuracy and precision limitations as system . nanotime .	由于它与名义纳米秒解决结果返回了结果 , 自然认为它具有相同的精度和精度限制 。
as a result , threading a perfectly weighted through ball to your striker releases a feeling of achievement more potent than completing a quadratic equation .	结果 , 线程完美地通过球传递到你的前锋发布了一个成就的感觉比完成二次方程更多 。
according to the company , it further expanded its production capacity and its combined annual production capacity reached 5 . 57 million tons in december 2008 .	根据该公司 , 进一步扩大其生产能力 , 同年生产能力达到2008年12月5.57亿吨 。
the simulation indicates that the instrument greatly enhances the measurement accuracy for parameters of l , c and r , and gets better measuring effects .	仿真结果表明 , 该仪器大大提高了l、c和r参数参数的测量精度 , 并得到了较好的测量效果 。
to help the children enter society headon with a positive attitude , everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus .	为了帮助孩子进入社会主席和积极态度 , 每个人都鼓励帮助我们自己的校园内的社会建设活动 。
the researchers also demonstrated they could split apart an entire community of cultured intestinal microbes and create a " personalized " library of bacterial species .	研究人员还证明他们可以分离整个肠道微生物群落并创建一个 " 个性化 " 的细菌图书馆 。
during rehabilitation a locked plate fixation construct still has to be protected from full weight bearing until signs of union are visible on the radiograph .	在康复过程中 , 锁板固定建筑仍然必须保护全重轴承 , 直到联合的迹象是可见的 。
blues also have fitness concerns over michael ballack , but essien moved to ease mourinho's problems by turning out for his country on tuesday .	蓝军还担心迈克尔·巴拉克的健康关心 , 但是西蒙在周二转向穆里尼奥的问题 。
the attorney for the appealing party and the attorney for the party who won in the lower court file briefs , or written arguments , with the court of appeals .	法院文件简单或编写论文的法院审查人员和审查人员的律师 。
the inability to demonstrate improvements whether or not they occur will undermine client motivation across the board and deny feedback for meaningfully evolving the process .	可以证明改进是否会忽略客户端动机 , 否则有意义地进化过程的意义 。
the researchers found that handling physical money makes a person less sensitive to physical pain and reduces the distress of being excluded in social situations .	研究人员发现 , 处理物理资金使人更敏感 , 减少社会情况下的残疾 。
by setting chills on the defect locations to isolate the molten iron in those areas from contact with the resin sand , the defects were successfully avoided .	通过设置缺陷位置来隔离与树脂沙联系的molten铁 , 成功避免了缺陷 。
she created a team culture and work atmosphere in compliance with the reality of zte's handsets , unity , contribution , hard work , smiling services and customer caring .	她创造了一个团队文化和工作氛围 , 与zte手机、团结、贡献、努力工作、微笑服务和客户携带的现实相符 。
" we don't think things have changed from last week to this week , " schuchat stressed , explaining the importance of looking beyond those lab counts .	" 我们不认为上周不会改变事情 , " 四川强调 , 解释那些实验室的重要性 。
now that youth has ebbed and i am stranded on the bank , i can hear the deep music of all things , and the sky opens to me its heart of stars .	现在 , 青年已经睡了 , 我在银行上伸展着 , 我可以听到所有东西的深音乐 , 天空向我心 。
it was a battle of attrition for saina against an opponent to whom she had lost four times and won just once — that too way back in 2010 — previously .	这是一场对圣娜的战争对手 , 她失去了四次 , 赢得了一次太回到2010年之前的路 。
“i’d been wanting to have a child for a really long time , but i wasn’t trying , just put it like that , ” madonna says . “it was one of those weird surprises .	" 我想有一个孩子很长的时间 , 但是我不想把它放在那里 , " 马登娜说 , " 这是那些奇怪的人之一 。
through the multilevel organic matrix mesh in the bone particles , it indicates that the mineral phase is related to the organic matrix in corallium elatius .	通过骨颗粒中的多级有机矩阵网格 , 表明矿相与有机矩阵相关 。
results 32 patients have false positive results , including 11 with autonomic imbalance , 9 with hypertension , 6 with diabetes and 6 with other disease .	结果32例患者有虚假阳性结果 , 包括11例自治不均衡 , 9例高血压 , 6例糖尿病和6例 。
another tale , never proven , was that papanoida's interest in eekway was strictly familial , and that the senator had blood ties to the enigmatic baron .	另一个故事从未证明帕诺达在希腊的利益严格是家庭的 , 参议员对大酒吧有血汤 。
according to the improvement results , then some feasible ways for ineffective dmus are put forth , which provides a reference base of making decision and scientific management .	根据改进结果 , 提出了有效dmus的有效途径 , 为制定决策和科学管理提供了参考依据 。
the same effect happened with google maps . when the company trimmed the 120kb page size down by about 30 percent , the company started getting about 30 percent more map requests .	同样的效果与谷歌地图发生了同样的效果 。 当公司试图120kb页面大小减少了30% , 公司开始获得大约30%的地图要求 。
later , zhen yini also persuaded the guardian , to get girls , with sincerity and sincerity to impress her , and not to fiddle with the application of non .	后来 , 郑毅同时也说服了保卫人 , 要得到女孩 , 诚信和诚信印象她 , 不要用非的应用来修复她 。
this method even allows you to modify the authentication rules on the fly , because all pamaware programs start applying the new rules without the need for any changes in their code .	这种方法甚至允许您在飞行上修改认证规则 , 因为所有pamaware程序都开始使用新规则 , 没有需要更改代码的任何需要 。
but i sat silent in my hill , the barbarians still came in their thousands , and there were few who dared to wield excalibur , knowing that they would surely die .	但我坐在我的山里 , 巴巴巴勒人仍然在他们的数千人来到了 , 还有少数人敢于维尔·卡里伯 , 知道他们肯定会死 。
so threequarterlength sleeves in tops and cardigans are a wonderful way to conceal the fuller upper arm and upper body , but also bare some skin at same time .	所以三季长袖在顶部和心脏器上部是一种很好的方法 , 同时还是不少一些皮肤 。
after the introduction of some related concepts , the application of workflow technology in integrated business support system of guangdong telecom was focused on .	介绍了广东电信集成业务支持系统的一些相关概念之后 , 重点讨论了广东电信的工作流技术的应用 。
although tom was aware that it would be to display annoyance publicly at the sales conference , he could not his irritation with the client's unreasonable demands .	虽然汤姆意识到这将是在销售会上显示异常的 , 但他不能与客户不合理的需求展示 。
this was an excellent opportunity for the opposition papers , which immediately attacked the governor for what they called his illegal interference and his brutality .	这是反对派论文的优秀机会 , 立即攻击了他们所谓的非法干扰和他的破坏 。
looking for transiting extrasolar planets is analogous to pallé and colleagues' technique — using the moon as a mirror to watch earth transit the sun .	寻找超太阳的行星相似于pallé和同事们的技术 , 用月球作为镜头看地球转移太阳 。
the flames filled this building ; it was a perfect furnace ; the door was burned , the floor was burned , the wooden christ was not burned .	火焰填满了这座建筑 , 它是一个完美的炉子 ; 门被烧了 , 木基督不燃烧 。
individual members of fecdb frequently answer this call to arms and participate in statewide petition drives to put various propositions on the ballot .	个人会员常常回答这个叫做武器 , 参与国有宠物驱动车的各种建议 。
more importantly , how can you accurately assess you are iterating down the right path for your product and company success , and not simply digging further in a rat hole ?	更重要的是 , 你怎样准确地评估你正在为您的产品和公司成功的正确路径 , 而且不仅仅是在大鼠洞中的进一步挖掘呢 ?
public speaking has fringe benefits too . it is a confidence booster and empowers the speaker if he successfully gets his audience agree with him .	公众演讲也有益于 , 如果他成功地获得他的观众同意 , 那么它也是一个信心的增长者 。
nowhere is this more relevant than in the fastmoving world of it , where your work speaks for itself and ivy league letters after your name are no match for your hacking abilities .	现在的地方比在快速的世界上更有关 , 您的工作在你的名字之后 , 没有匹配您的黑客能力 。
that said , there is a lot of story that is still being explored and left to explore . to diminish that story to only being about arthas and the lich king is a bit shortsighted .	那么说 , 有很多故事 , 仍然在探索和离开探索 , 要消除故事只是关于阿瑟斯和利克王是一个很短的观点 。
socialist market economic system has been gradually set up , the higher education system is under reform , knowledgebased economic age is coming , and education service is open...	社会主义市场经济体系逐步建立 , 高等教育体系在改革下 , 知识经济时代来临 , 教育服务开放 。
indeed , the threats that the lnc is already issuing should give the international community doubts about its readiness to lead in democratic government .	事实上 , lnc已经发布的威胁应该给国际社会怀疑它在民主政府领导的准备性 。
nowadays , the policy of mandate construction supervision has been widely accepted by the society following the obvious achievements it made in the past years .	如今 , 人权建设监督的政策已经广泛接受过去几年制作的明显成就 。
most mainlanders who suffer from depression do not get proper treatment due to a lack of psychiatrists and public prejudice , mental health professionals said .	心理健康专业人员表示 , 大多数受抑郁症患者都不得到适当的治疗 , 因为缺乏心理学家和公共预测 。
the interactive multimodels method was also discussed , which is implemented of the uniform and " currently " accelerated motion model for the maneuvering target modeling .	还讨论了互动多模块方法 , 实现了统一和 " 目前 " 加速运动模型 。
method: the teaching of moist burn medicine includes medical knowledge , diagnosis , medical skills , review course and assessment and test .	方法:采用静脉烧伤医学教学包括医学知识、诊断、医学技能、评价课程和测试 。
it has been a growing concern in the printing industry that if can we use densitometry to measure and control spot color ink or not when considering printing process control .	印刷行业的发展一直关注于印刷工业 , 如果我们可以使用密度测量和控制点色墨 , 或者不在考虑印刷过程控制时 , 我们就会对印刷工艺进行考虑 。
in the yangcheng sanbao 500kv ehv transmission lines , a fixed series capacitorwas used to increase the power energy transmitted through the lines .	在杨城三宝500kvehv传输线中 , 一个固定的系列电容器用来增加通过线传输的电能 。
the lusitania and the titanic are often thought of as sister vessels ; they in fact belonged to two separate owners , but the error is understandable .	路易斯坦和泰坦尼常被认为是姐妹船 , 事实上它们属于两个独立的所有者 , 但错误却是理解的 。
but the current h1n1 pandemic flu has really made this very evident so far , people have passed the flu virus on to pigs , turkeys and ferrets .	但是目前的h1n1流感真的很明显 , 人们已经通过流感病毒传给猪、土耳其和铁 。
the anglers fishing with myself were competing with glanville's anglers for the most fish in a day record , trying to beat the 28 fish from the previous day .	随着我自己的愤怒鱼正与格兰维尔的愤怒者在一天的记录中竞争 , 试图从前一天的28只鱼 。
bill gates sr . , 83 years old , is now cochair of his son's $30 billion philanthropy , the bill &melinda gates foundation .	比尔盖茨sr , 83岁 , 现在是他的儿子30亿美元的菲律宾基金会的教练 。
and it's not just developers . as the blurb to tim o'reilly's opening remarks suggests , tim mentions the importance of users to open source .	而且它不仅是开发人员 。 作为timo'illy开放的标志 , 提到用户开源的重要性 。
beijing still grieving the deaths of tens of thousands , china has sketched the first blueprints for rebuilding after last week's earthquake .	北京仍在抓住数千人死亡 , 中国在上周地震重建的第一个蓝色印刷 。
in this paper , a new method combining target transformation factor analysis and spectral library searching was developed for qualitative analysis of mixture from ir da ta .	本文提出了一种新方法 , 结合目标转换因素分析和光谱图书馆搜索的质量分析方法 。
the reason is that a knowledge base with sound structure and complete content directly influences the inference speed and the validity of result in expert systems .	因此 , 具有声结构的知识基础和完整内容直接影响传播速度和专家系统的有效性 。
the experimental results showed that the liquefaction extent enhanced with the increase of liquefaction temperature , catalyst dosage , and liquidsolid ratio .	实验结果表明 , 液化效果提高了液化温度、催化剂量和液溶剂比 。
at first , research the nature of the ice in the songhua river water system , the resistance performance of the icebreaker , and then , study the propulsion performance of icebreaker .	首先 , 研究了宋华河水系统的冰川自然性能 , 然后研究冰川的推广性能 。
strapped city , state , and federal technology departments have been some of the organizations most enchanted by the quick turnarounds the cloud promises .	斯特拉普市、州和联邦科技部已经被云幕的快速轮廓所引起的一些组织 。
it was the kind of card that comes in an inexpensive assortment box sold by a child going doortodoor to try to earn money for a school project .	这是一家孩子走门门门去买钱的小学项目 , 来自一个昂贵的评价箱的卡 。
much less whey drains out of yogurt made from certain strains of lactic acid bacteria that can convert sugars into long starchlike molecules .	由某些乳酸细菌所制成的某些菌株制成的ogurt小小小小小小 , 可以将糖转化成长星分子 。
during the planned economy period , a set of production areas and residential units as a whole community , which is built to meet the need of country construction .	在计划经济时期 , 一套生产区域和住宅单位作为整个社区 , 建立满足国家建设的需要 。
the american plan also meets stern's other prescriptions for an effective green stimulus a concentration on building efficiency and renewable energy .	美国计划还遇到了斯坦的其他预订 , 为了有效绿色刺激建筑效率和可再生能源的浓度 。
in japan , lu hsun is the most notable chinese writer whose work 'hometown' is referred to as the required textbook among the japanese students .	在日本 , 鲁迅是最著名的中国作家 " hometown " 作为日本学生的需求文本 。
it simply discusses the features of agile methodology , and compares it with traditionary software developing methods , introduces a few agile methodologies mo .	简单地讨论了敏捷方法的特点 , 并与传统软件开发方法相比 , 介绍了几种敏捷的方法mo 。
the hardening treatment , relief of symptoms in patients with the recent rate of 100% , cysts significantly reduced or disappeared .	最近100%的患者中症状减少 , 囊肿显著降低或消失 。
the operation of system is simple , quick and stabilization , and its maintenance is convenient , interface is friendly , it is helpful for its popularizations and applications .	系统操作简单 , 快速稳定 , 维护方便 , 接口友好 , 适用于其人口和应用 。
" u . s . academics and intelligence analysts have consistently underestimated the rate of chinese progress both economically and technologically , " he said .	他说: " 美国学术和智能分析师一致认为中国进步的速度都是经济和技术的 。 "
alpha thalassaemia , an inherited condition , is common in many areas of the world where malaria is endemic , particularly africa and southeast asia .	alphathalassaemia是世界上许多地区的遗传条件 , 尤其是东南亚 。
objective to introduce the classification about ct signs of primary brainstem injury and investigate it's value in the diagnosis and prognosis .	目的介绍主要脑损伤ct标志的分类 , 探讨其在诊断和预后中的价值 。
simulation and experiment on the piezoceramic actuator show that the proposed model to describe the behavior of piezoceramic actuator is effective .	仿真和实验表明 , 提出的模型描述了piezocamic操作器的行为有效 。
austenite phase is dominant in gtaw joint microstructure and the lowtemperature impact toughness of gtaw joint is better than that of smaw joint .	在gtaw连接微结构中 , gtaw连接的低温冲击强度比smaw连接更好 。
don't center your life around children and grandchildren . do look for your own social circles . this way , you won't be disappointed with too many expectations .	不要中心你的孩子和孙子们的生活 。 寻找自己的社会圈子 , 这样你就不会太多的期望 。
the amount of the portion of the effective hedging shall be confirmed in accordance with the absolute amounts of the following items whichever is lower .	按照下列项目的绝对数量 , 应确定有效的有效对照组成部分 。
the government information resources access and publicity is an important measure to build and strengthen the egovernment and serviceoriented government .	政府信息资源访问和公众是建设和加强埃及政府和服务的重要措施 。
the cloths of service, to do service in the holy place, the holy garments for aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, to minister in the priest's office .	服务的衣服 , 要在圣地做服务 , 为亚伦牧师的圣服 , 以及他的儿子的服装 , 到祭司的办公室 。
the influence factors on surface curing time of silicone rubber release agent vulcanized at room temperature were analyzed by experiments .	通过实验分析了硅橡胶释放剂在室温下的表面处理时间的影响因素 。
methods: data about biological feedback therapy and nursing care in 30 cases with pelvic floor functional constipation were reviewed and analyzed .	方法:回顾性分析30例pelvic地面适应的生物反馈治疗和护理护理情况 。
according to the law of attraction , a powerful intent made up of clear , pure and focused thoughts will start to attract the very essence of your desires .	根据吸引规律 , 由清晰、纯、焦虑思想制成的强大内容将开始吸引你想要的非常精神 。
to reconstruct the 3dimensioanal image of heart and the region of myocardial ischemia from 2dimensioanal tomogram of electron beam ct .	重建心脏3维神经缺血图像和心脏缺血区域的心电子束ct 。
tone down the loop count on the previous example , add set x to the beginning of the script as well as a comment , and execute it , as shown in listing 12 .	在前面的例子上 , 将x添加到脚本的开始和评论中 , 并执行它 , 如清单12所示 。
this study was undertaken to use a foodfrequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis .	本研究旨在探讨咖啡因摄入和肝纤维化之间的关系 。
application integration brings together multiple applications and information sources without the user directly invoking them ; it focuses on the relationship between applications and data .	应用集成带来了多个应用程序和信息源 , 没有用户直接调用它们 ; 它关注应用程序与数据之间的关系 。
and the countries seen as most vulnerable to climate change are all poor: they include somalia , burundi , niger , eritrea , afghanistan and chad .	而且 , 国家看来最脆弱的气候变化都是:他们包括索马里 , 尼日利亚 , 尼日利亚 , 埃富汗 , 阿富汗和查德 。
global banking profits are now approaching their 2007 precrisis peak , but the divergence between growing and stagnant markets is becoming increasingly stark .	全球银行利润现在正在达到2007年的前提峰 , 但增长和稳定市场的差异越来越明星 。
in addition , fda can initiate a mandatory recall if the agency determines that an adulterated or misbranded infant formula presents a risk to human health .	此外 , fda可以启动一个管理回忆 , 如果这个机构确定一个被调节或错误的婴儿公式给人类健康带来的风险 。
danton was a headstrong firebrand , a swashbuckling political showman with a prodigious memory , whose spectacular oratory held audiences in thrall .	danton是一位强烈的消防队员 , 一个令人愉快的记忆的人 , 他在拉拉举行的观众 。
international popular style interface , many commercial software are used , is the beginning of an incredible 14 years since a young foreign hands .	国际流行的风格界面 , 许多商业软件都被用来 , 是从一个年轻的外国手开始不可思议的14年 。
the parenteral hyperalimentation therapy is a safe and effective method for severe ulcerative colitis patients , and it can improve the histology of patients .	父母超化治疗是严重溃疡性胆囊炎患者安全有效的方法 , 可以提高患者的组织学 。
the line's clean forms are associated with high quality technical solutions for water control , from taps to mixers , from diverters to shower heads and spouts .	线的清洁形式与水质控制的高质量技术解决有关 , 从传送到淋浴头和溅射器 。
the data structure in jpeg2000 compressed domain is firstly analyzed . the concept of information tree and a novel treedistance measurement are then proposed .	首先分析了jpeg2000压缩域的数据结构 , 提出了信息树的概念和新型电阻测量 。
although pain , i would effort perfect my life , will not be ungrateful to you of love , will not be ungrateful to you with i play 10 year play hideandseek of with patience .	虽然疼痛 , 我会努力完美我的生活 , 不会对你们的爱情感到不满意 , 与你们玩10年的耐心玩笑 。
chateau la ragotiereshining pearl of the french garden , running by wellknown aristocracy generations of the three brothers goile at nantes .	chteaulagoeringpearl是法国花园运行的法国花园 , 由三个兄弟goile运行 。
how to construct implementation and management system of course design is the premise and ensurance of carrying out course design systematically and training comprehensive applicative talents .	如何建设课程设计的实施和管理体系是系统地实施课程设计和培训综合应用人才的前提和保障 。
albanese will now lead a charm offensive to try to win round individual institutions and secure the simple majority necessary to approve the deal .	阿尔巴嫩现在会带来一个挑战性的挑战 , 试图赢得个人机构 , 保证大多数需要批准交易 。
in a speech at a police college , zuma conceded that south africa had one of the highest murder rates in the world , with 18 , 000 killings last year .	在一所警察学院的演讲中 , 朱拉承认 , 南非在去年有18000名杀死率最高的谋杀率之一 。
thailand's police found over 920 , 000 amphetamine tablets on board the boats , plying between china's yunnan province and the thai port .	泰国警方在泰国云南省和泰国港的船上发现了92000多台amphetamine表 。
sending troops to central africa to meddle in an utterly murky conflict is a symptom that the interventionist addiction is growing worse .	向中非发送军队发送非洲媒体是干预主义添加更糟的症状 。
the testing results proved that the qh4 saving energy coasting device has a remarkable fuel—saving effect to any model of motor vehicles and at any road condition .	测试结果证明 , qh4节能海岸设备具有显著的燃料 , 对任何道路条件下的运动车辆和车辆模型进行节约 。
that approach to the clivus is slightly oblique , but can provide as wide an exposure as is achieved with the approaches involving a bilateral maxillotomy .	这种方法略微不可避免 , 但是可以提供广泛的暴露 , 与双侧矩阵显微镜的方法相结合 。
the three realized that man was the key to victory in the war against heaven , and thus altered their rigid agendum that they had propagated since the beginning .	三个意识到人是对天战胜的关键 , 因此 , 自从开始以来 , 就改变了他们的刚性的年龄 。
cubic's simulation systems division , based in orlando , produces and manufactures est 2000 , including its realistic and robust simulated weapons .	ubic的模拟系统是基于orlando的 , 生产和制造业的2000年 , 包括它的现实和鲁棒的模拟武器 。
the basic thought of floor arrangement , influencing factors and basic arrangement method are proposed to bring regulation for floor structure arrangement .	提出了地面安排、影响因素和基本安排方法的基本思路 。
the scale of the economic crisis is far larger and many more americans recognise that rootandbranch reforms rather than temporary repairs are required .	经济危机的规模远远远大 , 许多美国人认识到 , 根源大桥改革并非临时修复 。
the government will not only make the " pie " of social wealth bigger by developing the economy , but also distribute it on the basis of a rational income distribution system .	政府不仅会通过开发经济的 " 社会财富 " , 而且在合理收入体系基础上分配 " 社会财富 "  。
the refreshing time of asparagus reached 1824 days after treatment of two pressurization at the pressure of 250mpa with the operation time of 15min .	新鲜时期达到1824天治疗前25分钟的压力 , 手术时间为15分钟 , 手术时间达到1824天 。
it's a solid little slab with a similarlooking plastic front and rubberized texture as the $79 nontouch model , but with fewer buttons .	这是一个固定的小板 , 与相似的塑料前面和橡胶的纹理一样 , 只有很少的按钮 。
because our team needed users to connect to a database and set up multiple jboss containers , we used panels to prompt users for sitespecific information .	由于我们的团队需要连接到数据库并建立多个jbos容器 , 我们使用panel来促进网站特定信息的用户 。
“on first glance , these interactions of light and particles looks like magic , ” she says . “these polar molecules are the pinnacle of quantum optics . ”	她说: " 第一眼睛中 , 这些光和颗粒的相互作用看起来像魔法 , " 极性分子是量子光学的领域 。 "
this wicked king , claudius , was going to capitalize on the grief and anger of laertes for the death of his father and sister to destroy hamlet .	这个邪恶的王克劳迪斯正在为他父亲和妹妹死亡的威胁和愤怒而获得资本 。
conclusion we could found the circumferential margin infiltration by observing pathologic large slice objectively and exactly . it should be a routine examination after operation .	结论我们可以通过观察病理大规模和正确的观察发现循环边缘过滤 , 应该是手术后常规检查 。
there were no casualties on the ground , a salt marsh , when the exploded remnants of the jet fell some distance away from the neifu airport in puchengcounty .	地上没有捕食 , 一个盐标志时 , 喷气中爆炸的救援人员从紫城机场的尼佛机场下降了一些距离 。
china has gone through similar experience of the ldcs in fighting poverty and pursuing development , and we fully appreciate the hardship and difficulties they face .	中国在战斗贫困和追求发展中经历了类似的经验 , 我们全面欣赏他们面临的艰难和困难 。
the format of the data to be exchanged between client and service is defined in terms of the xml the xml schema for the online coffee service is shown in listing 1 .	清单1中显示了xml服务的xml模式在线咖啡服务中交换的数据格式 。
second question , it is reported that some us media accused chinese hackers of hacking into pentagon's network and compromising information about us fighter jets .	第二个问题报道 , 一些美国媒体指责中国黑客攻击到五角洲的网络并编写关于我们的战斗喷射的信息 。
the average south african , for example , definitely shouldn tbe paleskinned only 9 . 2 per cent of the population define themselves as white .	例如 , 南非平均的非洲人口只有9.2%的人口定义白色 。
except for sea buckthorn fruit is rich in protein , fat and carbohydrates , there are a variety of essential vitamins and minerals .	除了海缓冲水果外 , 蛋白质、脂肪和碳水化合物含有各种基本维生素和矿物 。
employee job satisfaction can be explained respectively the company turnover intention , job performance with the variability of 49 . 38% , 58 . 46% .	员工满意度可以分别解公司转向注意力 , 工作绩效与49.38%、58.46%有所不同 。
owen paid tribute to a performance in which the youngster scored , hit the post and forced an outstanding save from roberto abbondanzieri with an audacious lob .	欧文支付年轻的表现 , 打击邮件 , 强迫从罗伯托ababbanieri获得优秀的节省 。
civilianized journalism appeared in the early 20th century and grew in the 1920's . the impulse is the changes on the systems of politics and economy .	1920世纪初期 , 民间化记者出现了民间化的出现 , 是政治和经济体系的变化 。
methods by means of bicolour fluorescence and flow cytometry analysis , the results were compared during different layout time , hemolysis time and washing time .	方法采用双色荧光和流式细胞分析方法对不同布局时间、血液时间、洗涤时间的结果进行了比较 。
fate has conspired to rob us of two world class goalkeepers , our inspirational leader jt , inform winger arjen robben and influential midfielder joe cole .	命运已经引发了两个世界级的目标保护者 , 我们的激励领袖jt , 信息翼箭头和影响中场乔科尔 。
it is widely used in car audio and video , tac machine , intelligent meter , solar power , electric car , electric power tool and military applications etc .	广泛应用于汽车音频和视频、任务机、智能计、太阳能汽车、电力工具、军用应用等 。
jamie wilson , of simplyhealth , said: " committing just half an hour a month to helping someone else can make a real difference to your life as well as theirs。	詹米·威尔森说: " 只有一半小时才能帮助别人的生活和他们的生活有真正差异 。 "
given our duty to safeguard public health , the tendency of officials facing such a situation is nearly always to err on the side of caution .	鉴于我们保护公共卫生的责任 , 紧张官员面临这样的情况几乎总是错误 。
china has worked for more agreement among the emerging markets and developing countries on the reforms to increase the representation for developing countries in the ifi's .	中国在新兴市场和发展中国家在改革上加强发展中国家的代表 。
发言的参议员有萨姆 . 纳恩、约翰 . 格伦、恰克 . 罗伯、乔 . 利伯曼、约翰 . 布鲁、杰伊 . 洛克菲勒和艾尔 . 戈尔。	是 。 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
that could be because doctors are more nervous about the effects if flu on pregnant women and are more likely to admit them , but the death rate among pregnant women is high .	这可能是因为医生对怀孕妇女的影响更紧张 , 但孕妇之间的死亡率更高 。
funny once , my friend . ) some jokes count on jadedness in order to be funny , just as many arty films only appeal to a jaded audience .	有趣的时候 , 我的朋友 。 ) 一些关于jadedy的笑话 , 只有许多阿根廷电影只会出现在杰德的观众 。
more resistance was encountered when we sought to install the 6th warden first as professor of physics at stockholm university , then as rector .	当我们想安装第六届物理学教授时 , 更多的抵抗被遇到了 , 然后就像董事长一样 。
i know that its best to be safe verses sorry , but i don't think that there has been one single case in history , where a bomb threat was called in and a bomb went off .	我知道它最好的是安全的版本很抱歉 , 但是我不认为历史上有一个单个案例 , 在那里一个炸弹威胁被称为 " 炸弹 " 。
this could mean different things for different members of the spy ring , says mikhail lyubimov , a retired colonel of the kgb and a renowned cold war spy .	这意味着不同的空间环成员的不同意味着 , 迈克海尔·雷波米诺夫说 , kgb退休的殖民地球和一个著名的冷战间谍 。
they also found almost no difference between methods in male and female workers , suggesting that careerdriven women were just as “competitive” during salary negotiations .	他们也发现在男性和女性工人之间几乎没有差异 , 建议在薪酬谈判中 , 职业驱动女性只是 " 竞争性 " 。
ita software definitely has “the right connections in north america , ” daniello says , while “we [amadeus] have ours in europe and asia . ”	意大利软件绝对有 " 正确的联系在北美 " , " 丹尼洛说 , " 我们在欧洲和亚洲拥有我们的关系 。
natural calamities , such as floods , tropical cyclones , tornadoes and tidal bores occur here almost every year — with tragic results .	自然的陶瓷 , 如洪水、热带周期、火炬和潮潮潮每年发生在这里几乎是悲剧的结果 。
soap <> cobol nonxml transformations can be developed with ibm websphere transformation extender to perform the message mapping within the gateway’s processing policy .	soap<>cobol非xml转换可以与ibmwebsphere转换扩展器进行消息映射 。
these morphological changes were few in the group 2 . conclusion: hbo combined with nimodipine and music had great restorative effect on hyperirritability icvd .	这些形态变化在组2 。 结论:hbo与nimodipine和音乐结合的hbo联合作用很大 。
combined with the practical exploration approaching , the stability of surrounding rock is computed using the earthquake wave achieved prom he cite .	结合实际的探索方法 , 利用地震波实现的地震实现了周围岩的稳定性 。
while there are many practical and political difficulties of afforestation of regions this large , the benefits could be enormous and go well beyond carbon sequestration .	虽然该地区有很多实践和政治困难 , 但它的好处可能超过碳序列 。
for example , some new: the introduction of modern " science " and " democracy " etc , the meaning from the traditional chinese , is completely different words .	例如 , 一些新闻:现代科学 " 和 " 民主 " 等引入 , 从传统中国的意义完全不同 。
drive gear , made use of alloy steel forging , lubricating oil pump spray , extend gear life and ensure longterm printing chromatic precision .	驱动齿轮 , 采用合金钢锻造 , 润滑油泵喷雾 , 延伸齿轮寿命 , 保证长期印刷色精度 。
the famous picture of " riverside scene at qingming festival " will also make its appearance in the china pavilion to illustrate the charms of ancient chinese cities .	青明节 " 河流景观 " 的著名图片也将展示中国古代城市的魅力 。
in the enjoying , the conquest of this knowledge is renewed every time it is exercised , the power it yields always being directed toward its jouissance .	在享受的时候 , 这个知识的结果每次都会再生 , 所以它的权利总是直接对其作出的困惑 。
it is unchristian to believe that an end can justify the means . even the kingdom of god is not a good enough end to justify any means that causes harm to people .	基督徒相信结束的意思是 , 即使上帝的王国不足以理解任何意思 , 都会导致危害的人 。
a study is carried out on a hypersonic inlet with rectangulartocircular shape transition and forebody using numerical simulation and high enthalpy wind tunnel test .	采用数值模拟和高能量的风隧道试验 , 研究了一种超声波进入高速矩形圆形变换和前身的超声波进入 。
result both mutanolysin and lysozyme could successfully lyse the wall of bifidobacterium and extract the plasmid from bifidobacterium .	结果突变酶和淋巴酶能够成功地解决细菌的墙壁 , 并从bifidob细菌中提取血浆 。
aim: to study the efficacy and safety of entacapone as an adjunct to levodopa treatment in parkinsonian patients with wearingoff motor fluctuations .	目的:探讨乙酮的疗效和安全性 , 作为对帕金森医生穿戴电动脉冲的联合治疗 。
the idea is proposed that the flow characteristic of electronic expansion valve should adapt to superheat gain to refrigerant flow rate under different evaporation temperature .	提出了电子膨胀阀的流动特性应适应超热增益到不同蒸发温下的冷却流率 。
11 and solomon gave hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat as food for his household , in addition to twenty thousand baths , of pressed olive oil .	11岁和索洛门为他的家庭提供了2万只小麦作为食物的尸体 , 除了2万个沐浴 , 外 , 还有两千个宝石 。
li decided to sponsor a number of disadvantaged pupils in gansu under the euchina basic education project running in the province since 2001 .	李决定从2001年以来在甘肃基本教育项目运行的基本教育项目中对甘肃的几个缺点进行赞助 。
objective to evaluate the clinical efficacy and toxicity of cef as the neoadjuvant chemotherapy regimen in the treatment of locally advanced breast cancer .	目的评价cef的临床疗效和毒性 , 作为当地先进乳腺癌治疗新辅助化疗的临床疗效 。
to strengthen the organization and coordination , strengthen the service consciousness , and further intensify promote the development of medicine industry strength .	加强医药行业实力发展 , 加强服务意识 , 进一步加强医药行业的发展 。
the jets were viewable in the animated segment one on either side of an indiantricolour symbol to celebrate the 70 years of the country's independence .	喷射在印度工业标志的动画段中可看到一部分 , 庆祝70年的独立 。
automobile , big and small freight vehicle , box vehicle , sightseeing bus , no matter is the private car or the company vehicle may shanghai loan .	汽车、大型、小型自动车辆、箱车辆、观察车辆、无物质是私人车或公司车辆的租赁 。
in addition to physical changes to the touchscreen , the technology of the touchscreen also ushered in a new wave of software interaction on mobile devices .	除了物理变化到触摸屏之外 , 触摸屏的技术也在移动设备上使用了新的软件交互 。
crepes suzette with mixed fruit , choice toppig blueberry sauce , chocolate sauce , strawberry sauce , pineapple sauce , mango sauce .	用混合水果 , 选择蓝莓酱 , 巧克力酱 , 草莓酱 , 菠萝酱 , 芒果 。
however , the development of chinese silk industry is facing allround challenges including diversification of fibers , companies' competition in outside world and developing countries .	然而 , 中国银行的发展面临着各种各样的挑战 , 企业在外国和发展中国家的竞争 。
they were quite different in chloroplast membrane structures , pigment protein complexes , the content of electron trans port components and photosynthetic functions .	它们在氯塑膜结构、色素蛋白复杂、电子输送部件和照相合作用下相当不同 。
to explore the safety of modified type tatvp3 fusion protein , and the efficacy of modified fusion protein type of tatvp3 to immune system .	探讨改性型tvp3融合蛋白的安全性 , 以及改性的融合蛋白类型tvp3对免疫系统的效果 。
the effect of the significant parameters on the stability of the large diameter cylinder quay of the piled wall type is investigated through numerical calculation .	通过数值计算 , 研究了桩壁类型大直径圆柱的重要参数对桩壁的稳定性的影响 。
some of you may do nothing at all . believe it or not , there are millionaires and billionaires among us who masquerade as relatively normal , moneyconscious people .	有些人可能不会做什么 。 相信它还是不 , 有百万富翁和百万富翁之间 , 质量相对正常 , 钱意识的人 。
the former army colonel , who seized power of the sparsely populated country in 1969 at the tender age of 27 , had totally reshaped the country in his image .	前军科伦塞尔在1969年在27岁的广东时代 , 曾经在他的图像中完全恢复了这个国家 。
steven gerrard today savoured liverpool's derby day victory and insisted the reds are relishing the challenge of winning the race for a top four place .	杰拉德今天保存了利物浦的德比日胜利 , 并坚持红军正在为第四个地方赢得竞赛的挑战 。
some methods of preventing contamination in the largescale cell culture were introduced including people training , enviromental control , aseptic technique and material management .	介绍了大规模细胞培养、环境控制、吸水技术和材料管理的一些方法 。
the left yi doesn't know for the cilia and dragged this hazardous topic , this isn't good , ask for an personality with brutal variety of to come out miserably .	左义不知道凯利亚 , 拖着这种危险的主题 , 这并不好 , 请求一个人与布鲁德不同的个性来出错 。
liverpool are on the verge of singing esbjerg youngster nikolaj kohlert on a threeyear deal , according to reports in his native denmark .	根据本地丹麦报道 , 利物浦正在唱歌ebjerg年轻的尼科尔特歌手 。
sand street south 18th french credit agricole bank , the sand street south 60 , the anglican communion is neoclassical works .	南18号法国信用农业银行沙街60号 , 江南通讯是新古典作品 。
college counsellors who work at the front line of ideological and political are the grassroots commanders and educators of the ideological and political work .	思想政治与政治工作的大学咨询员是思想和政治工作的草原指挥者和教育者 。
ct current transformers are instrument transformers used in conjunction with ammeters , control circuits and protective relaying . they usually have 5 ampere secondaries .	ct电流转换器是用来连接amter、控制电路和保护继电器的仪器转换器 , 通常有5个ampere秒 。
once fully dried , it is left to rest for some days , then in one step the skin , dried fruit flesh , parchment layer and all are torn from the green seed .	一旦完全干燥 , 剩下几天 , 然后在一步的皮肤、干水果、公园层和所有都是从绿种子里扭转的 。
compared to ordinary noise correction methods , nonlinear fitting with a middle and later impulse response function is more advantageous when snr is relatively low .	与普通噪声修正方法相比 , 在snr相对较低时 , 非线性适合中和后冲击功能的非线性配合较好 。
introduce:xiaogu and mother give maternal father pay respects to sb at his tomb , xiaogu fell into bug hole suddenly in , before returning 10 years .	简介:小郭和母亲给了母亲在墓里付出尊重 , 小郭突然陷入了bug洞 , 回到10年之前 。
a business process competency center can provide a central repository of information for addressing these needs — and hosting it in the cloud makes it easily accessible .	业务流程综合中心可以为这些需求提供一个中央存储库 , 使它在云中很容易访问它 。
the results in surface temperature distribution of a reduced scale model from the above calculation com pared with that from experimental measurement are relatively identical .	实验测量结果与实验测量相对一致 , 从表面温度分布中降低规模模型的表面温度分布结果 。
wollastonite as polymer filler is considered as an important direction to the utilization of wollastonite , which reduces the polymer product cost and improves product performance .	作为聚合物填充剂作为wllastonite利用的重要方向 , 降低聚合物产品成本 , 提高产品性能 。
in october of two thousand eight , michael pollan wrote a letter to presidentelect barack obama which was published in the new york times magazine .	10月两千八日 , 迈克尔·波兰在纽约时代杂志发表的一封信给总统奥巴马 。
" connecting people , quality first " is our tenet , jinze people will be creating continuously to make copetitive products and we invite you passionally to set up the future resplendence .	" 连接人民 , 质量第一 " 是我们的网络 , 金泽人将继续创造合作产品 , 我们邀请你建立未来的依赖 。
the results show that: the corundum refractory possesses the best erosionresisting characteristic in the pellet kiln , so it is the most suitable to be applied as lining in this kiln .	结果表明:冠状折射器具有最好的抗蚀特性 , 因此在该窑中应用最适合于列宁 。
to admission the wto , brings opportunity and gauntlet for our country market , credit has become bottleneck of restricting the development of socialism market economy .	为了承认wto , 给我国市场带来机会和赌博 , 信用已经成为限制社会主义市场经济发展的瓶颈 。
during the standoff , six american warships surrounded the seized vessel to ensure the weapons were not taken elsewhere in the volatile region .	在斯坦多夫期间 , 六艘美国战舰周围围围的海军船员确保武器在火山地区不采取其他地方 。
hybrid characters obviously show maternal heterosis , fruit setting date , fruit size and color if hybrid population all tend to follow the femal parent .	杂交特征明显显显显显显显显显显显显示出母亲不孕、水果设定日期、水果大小和颜色 。
but even if weighing costs against benefits does not entirely answer the question of what should be done about climate change , it is an essential part of the answer .	但是 , 即使对利益的重量成本不完全回答气候变化的问题 , 这是答案的重要部分 。
the utility model has novel structure , and is tough and durable , as well as is in particular applicable for the repairmen of various surcharged truck tyres .	本实用新型具有新颖的结构 , 具有艰难的耐用性 , 尤其适用于各种各样的货车轮胎修复人员 。
hailing from the large western region of lithuania known as samogitia , these axemen are amongst the heaviest infantry units available to lithuanian armies .	来自西部大西部地区的辽南地区的海岸 , 这些毒品是刘南军队中最重的婴儿单位之一 。
analyses the antifriction and noisereducing mechanism of the model , furthermore , it shows the direction and significance of this new concept's study in the fut...	分析了该模型的反摩擦和噪声诱导机理 , 同时对此新概念研究的方向和意义 。
the left cervical incision was perfoimed for cervical esophageal carcinoma and partial cervicosternotomy was performed for lesion in the upper thoracic segment .	左颈颈颈椎切除术治疗颈椎癌和部分颈椎切除术治疗上胸部损伤的病变 。
slowerthanexpected growth has fueled speculation the federal reserve could launch another round of bond buying to try to drive longterm borrowing costs lower .	缓慢的预期增长预计联邦储备可能会发起另一轮债券购买长期借贷成本降低 。
soil moisture content and its dynamics on road embankment and cutting slope at fixed points were investigated on shaanxi—inner mongolia desert expressway .	研究了固定点土壤水含量及其在路基和切削坡的动力学特征 , 在蒙古沙漠表达之内 , 研究了土壤水分含量及其在路基和切削坡的动态 。
the american association of university professors says sixtyeight percent of all teacher appointments at american colleges today are adjuncts .	美国大学教授协会表示 , 今天美国大学教授的六十八个百分之一都是调整的 。
the intelligent electricmagnetic flowmeter , integrating the sensor , converter and integrator onto it , and displaying on the spot , is introduced in the paper .	介绍了智能电磁流量计、集成传感器、转换器和集成器的集成 , 以及在此基础上展示 。
the tribute in light represents the lost twin towers from the world trade center . it displays just one of many memorials to the 9/11 attacks five years ago .	光线的触发代表了世界贸易中心失去的二十塔 , 它只显示了9/11袭击的许多记忆之一 。
we should not entrust important jobs to persons who have made grave mistakes and whose attitude remains bad ; they should be deprived of their current ranks and perquisites .	我们不应该信任有关人犯错的重要工作 , 而且他们的态度仍然不好 ; 他们应该被剥夺他们当前的排名和精确的行为 。
objective to investigate the effect and mechanisms of tumor suppressor gene pten on the induction of anoikis of human bladder transitional carcinoma cells biu87 .	目的探讨肿瘤抑制剂基因pten诱导人膀胱转移癌细胞u87的作用及机制 。
its capital was bodoni , and its leader was general pica . the guardian " s phones rang all day as readers sought more information about the idyllic holiday spot . "	它的首都是bodoni , 它的领导人一般是pica 。 保护者 " 电话在读者对idy假日点的更多信息 " 。
qcg series conventional canned motor pipeline mounted pumps are used to handle clean water or other liquids similar to water in physical and chemical properties .	qcg系列常规运动管道安装泵用于处理水或其他液体类似于物理和化学性能的清洁水 。
unconventional agents such as the agent causing bovine spongiform encephalopathy , is associated with variant creutzfeldtjakob disease in humans .	与人类各种切割症不同的切割病相关的常规代理有关 。
by introducing a reducedorder observer to reconstruct the state of the exosystem , the problem of physically realizable of the ootc law can thus be solved .	通过引入减少器观察器重建外交系统状态 , 解决了ootc法的物理实现问题 。
an approach is proposed to discretize continuous intervalvalued attributes in rough set theory . the approach is characterized by emphasizing classseparability in discretization .	针对粗糙集理论中的连续间隔评价属性的方法 , 提出了一种强调分类性的方法 。
the air defence systems on display at airshow china in november showed a strong emphasis on deployable , multifunctional weapons with the export market firmly in mind .	中国航空防御系统在11月展示出口市场的强烈强调 , 强调出口市场的多功能武器 。
rabies patient should protect processing in the quiet environment court eunuch , may use the tranquilizer to reduce patient's spasm , paralysis and the ache .	兔子病人应该保护安静环境法院的加工 , 可以使用静脉液体来减少患者的空间、瘫痪和疼痛 。
however , should nilmar arrive as a replacement , wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip , allowing the rossoneri to pounce .	然而 , 应该nilmar到达一个替代 , 沃尔夫斯堡可能愿意降低他们的价格 , 减少他们的脚步 , 允许罗斯尼来污染 。
an adaptive control strategy for parallel hybrid electric vehicles is proposed based on drive cycle recognition with the balance of battery soc as objective .	提出了一种基于驱动周期识别电池soc的自适应控制策略 。
as the situation of trust research's multidisciplinary interaction and omnibearingly advancing , it is imperative to check its philosophic dimensionality .	作为信任研究的多学科互动现状 , 随着信任研究的现状 , 检查其哲学维度 。
the longterm studies by hossain and his colleagues suggest that dams have particularly altered extreme precipitation patterns in arid or semiarid areas .	这项长期的研究表明 , 大坝特别是干旱或半干旱地区的极端降水模式 。
since the end of the cold war , when washington sniffed soviet influence in its backyard , u . s . south american policy has slumped in importance .	自从冷战结束以来 , 当华盛顿对后院的苏联影响下降时 , 美国南美政策在重要性下降 。
the capture of two german agents in 1942 uncovered two such codes which british intelligence had repeatedly failed to crack , the declassified files reveal .	1942年两个德国代理捕获了两种不同的代码 , 英国情报不能破坏 , 声明的文件显示 。
a new stabilization additive was studied , it has good effect to improve the color change and sediments formation of fcc diesel fuel containing nonbasic nitrogen compounds .	研究了一种新稳定添加剂 , 提高含非基氮化合物的fcc柴油的颜色变化和沉积形成具有良好的影响 。
net income came in at $54 million , or 4 cents per share , down from net income of $151 million , or 11 cents , in 2007's third quarter .	净收入达到54亿美元 , 或每股4% , 从2007年第三季的净收入下降到151亿美元 , 或11美分 。
it’s certainly helping out the alphabet’s second vowel , although as the english language’s most popular letter , it doesn’t really need it .	虽然英语最受欢迎的字母 , 但它确实不需要它 。
new york times chairman arthur sulzberger declined to comment in an wedensday on its involvement in the new device except to say , 'stay tuned . '	纽约时代主席阿瑟·苏尔伯格星期二拒绝评论新设备的参与 , 除了说 " staytunt " 外 , 纽约时代主席阿瑟·斯伯格拒绝评论 。
the dynamic , vivid , personality about workflow becomes the urgent needs of the customer , with wfms application scope to extend and application realm to expand continuously .	动态、vivivis , 工作流的个性成为客户的迫切需求 , 随着wfm应用范围扩展和应用程序实际扩展 。
minister of the fingers into a large source to the coil , and quickly plucked from the middle of some dirt around workers are using water washing the dirt on the various components .	手指部长进入大型线圈 , 很快从工人周围的一些脏脏物中抽出来 , 用水洗去各种组件 。
mclennan , on the other hand , felt more in control and says she enjoyed aspects of her former job , especially the money and the opportunity to " party with rock stars . "	另一方面 , 麦克伦南觉得更多的控制感觉 , 说她喜欢前工作的方面 , 尤其是 " 与岩星 " 的机会 。
since we spend forty or more hours at our jobs weekly , it is essential to your health and longevity that your place of work is as conducive to wellness as possible .	由于我们每周花了四十多小时的工作 , 所以你的健康和长寿 , 你的工作就像有可能的 。
this is a redundant practice when using odbc , as the configuration is purely in initialization of the application , and the odbc functions are androgynous to the database system .	在使用odbc时 , 这是一个冗余的实践 , 因为配置纯粹是应用程序初始化的 , odbc函数对数据库系统具有良好的启动作用 。
the opposition leader had returned to pakistan after eight years in exile and had survived a suicide bomb blast during her arrival procession in karachi only months before .	反对党领导人在八年后回到巴基斯坦 , 在卡拉奇前几个月幸存了自杀炸弹爆炸 。
next , they divided up the diabetics and gave half a placebo and treated half with extendedrelease niacin , a drug that raises hdl levels in the blood .	接下来 , 他们分裂了糖尿病 , 给了一半的安慰剂 , 用扩张的尼卡因 , 一个药物在血液中提高hdl水平的药物 。
well you could stretch it and say that an example of engineering to improve human health is getting them from one place to another , but that would be more of a stretch than i'm going to make .	好的 , 你可以伸展它 , 说一个工程来改善人类健康的例子 , 比我要做的更多 。
investors looked decidedly spooked on monday , with asian and european bourses down sharply and the dow tumbling 643 . 76 points , or more than 5% .	投资者周一表示 , 随着亚洲和欧洲的股市减少了643.76点 , 或超过5% 。
here is a wiring diagram for the star configuration that i have found from the net . you are better to do this with great circumspection or it would be easily end up with a burned esc .	这里是我从网络上找到的明星配置的一个线程图 , 你更好地做这个很好的环境 , 或者很容易结束的ec 。
but the study of the buddhism thoughts from mou zongsan is less than others , especially the study of dacheng qixin lun's content and significance .	然而 , 穆宗山佛教思想的研究比其他人少 , 尤其是达成清新月的内容和意义研究 。
more regulation of companies , encouraged by the sarbanesoxley act in the united states , and other measures designed to clean up the corporate act will be the spur .	更多的公司规定 , 鼓励美国sarbanesoxley行动的鼓励 , 其他措施设计清理公司行动将是激怒 。
you can embed media to better illustrate a topic , provide information about yourself to build your credibility , and collaborate with others to improve your knol over time .	你可以嵌入媒体更好地说明一个主题 , 为自己建立你的信用性 , 同时与其他人协作提高你的knol 。
this paper describes the idea of mvc2 , the innovation in filtering and xml , as well as the design and implementation of access control administration system based on mvc2 .	介绍mvc2的创新思路 , 以及基于mvc2的访问控制系统的设计和实现 。
steele declared subsequently to cnn that limbaugh's comments were incendiary and ugly , prompting limbaugh to question steele's ability to lead the party .	史蒂勒接下来向cnn宣布 , 林巴赫的评论是独立丑陋的 , 使林巴足以质疑史蒂勒的能力领导党 。
yet their summers more likely involve city recreation centers , steamy blacktop , or a splash in a public pool or a fire hydrant turned fountain .	然而 , 他们的夏天更有可能参与城市娱乐中心、蒸汽黑顶或一个在公共池塘或一个消防水力变成了泉 。
using these for reference , china should complete present educational investment system , give priority to development of the basic education , strengthen educational institution etc so as...	利用这些参考 , 中国应完善现行教育投资体系 , 为基本教育、加强教育机构等提供优先依据 。
north korea says it attacked the island , killing two soldiers and two civilians , because the south ignored its warning not to fire into disputed waters around the island .	朝鲜说 , 它袭击了岛屿 , 杀死两个民兵和两个民兵 , 因为南朝鲜忽略警告不要在岛周围的争端水 。
implementation: capable of implementing creative ideas in an allround way based on the overall strategy , we can achieve the best result from user experience optimization .	实现:基于整个策略实现创造性思想的能力 , 可以从用户经验优化得到最好的结果 。
the composer kennosuke suemura also allegedly plagiarised warcraft ii in super robot wars w . however , there have been no reports of legal action being taken .	作曲家肯诺斯克·苏格拉还在超级机器人战争中被指控的武装战争 , 但没有法律行动的报告 。
as the strategic and leading industry of china , hitech industry attracts much fdi . gradually , fdi becomes the main power of promotion of hitech industry in china .	随着中国的战略和领先产业的发展 , 高科技产业吸引了很多fdi , fdi成为我国高科技产业的主要力量 。
in the second quarter , aol said , its own members made up 36% of unique visitors to its network of websites , but generated 80% of page views .	在第二季 , aol表示自己的成员在网站网络网络上占36%的独特访问者 , 但产生了80%的页面视图 。
but eventually we decide to skip it and return towards the barkhor . along the way we bump into fellow travellers anja and joep , who are also exploring the city .	但是最终我们决定把它带回酒吧 , 回到酒吧 , 沿着旅行者安杰和加入 , 还在探索这个城市 。
changes california constitution to prohibit abortion for unemancipated minor until 48 hours after physician notifies minor's parent or legal guardian .	直到48小时后 , 加利福尼亚的家长或法律保护人员的父母或法律保护人员 , 直到48小时 。
the majority embryo of seeds aborted at earlier stage could develop to earlier globular embryo phase due to the abnormal endosperm nucleus division .	早期绝大多数种子的胚胎可能由于非正常内皮核分裂而发展到全球胚胎阶段 。
the fifth , the agribusiness managerial education should to teach the profession knowledge , to make the independent thinking and cultivate the habit of lifetime learning .	第五 , 农业管理教育应该教授专业知识 , 使独立思维和培养生活习惯的习惯 。
empire: total war featured a brandnew engine which would become the foundation of our latest developments , and introduce fully 3d naval battles to the series for the first time .	帝国:总战争特点是我们最新发展的品牌新发动机 , 第一次引入全三维海军战争 。
students will be able to use the knowledge and methods they will have learned in this course to search related materials and find answers when they encounter law problems in the future .	学生们可以使用这些知识和方法来搜索相关材料并在未来遇到法律问题时找到答案 。
conclusion it is satisfactory of lattice scarification under corneal epithelium to treat bullous keratopathy caused by physical and mechanical factors .	结论在角膜上皮下腹部骨折满意 , 治疗由身体和力学因素引起的骨髓病变 。
optimists shrug that politicians always talk populist claptrap during primaries and that mr obama has actually committed himself to very little .	政治家们总是在初期和奥巴马先生谈到人口的克拉帕普 , 实际上 , 奥巴马已经承诺自己很少 。
the mode on wii carries the exact same design as it does elsewhere , less your hairstyle options which are for some reason limited to one color and three style choices .	wii的模式与其它地方的设计相同 , 更少你的发型选项 , 适合某种颜色和三种风格的选择 。
the main view of this paper is: only when the laborers have legal collective bargaining right , and fully exercise this right , could they protect their own work rights and interests effectively ;	本文的主要观点是:只有当劳动者有法律集体阻滞权利时 , 才能有效地保护自己的工作权利和利 ;
at the same un summit , president obama offered strong rhetoric but little substance as he faces fierce domestic opposition to proposed carbon cuts .	同一联合会议上 , 奥巴马总统提出了强烈的扭转 , 但当他面对国内反对提议碳削减的时候 , 却没有物质 。
barack obama and hillary clinton went back and forth several times throughout their zigzag battle for the 2008 democratic nomination — sometimes via voice mail .	巴拉克奥巴马和希拉里·克林顿在2008年民主提名的zigzag战争中回到了几次 。
the interior advances a practice that is dedicated to wish fulfillment , material exploration and an unashamed reveal of exotic theatricality present in daytoday life .	内部先进的实践表明 , 希望充填、材料探索和今天的外部戏剧现象 。
balanced input signal from any true balanced player will be handled all the way through in fully balanced till it reaches the balanced headphone output connector .	所有真正平衡的平衡输入信号将通过完全平衡 , 直到达到平衡的头电话输出器 。
the area has become an " arena " where gathers world big powers and various politics . the united states recognizes that central asia is part of the us global strategy .	这个地区已经成为世界大权力和各种政治的 " 艾萨娜 " , 美国认识中亚是美国全球战略的一部分 。
the person most commonly associated with aop is gregor kiczales , currently at the university of british columbia , where he works on software modularity research .	与aop最常见的人是gregorkiczals , 目前在英国哥伦比亚大学的英国哥伦比亚大学工作 。
types of help might entail thorough job training on the job , direction , transportation , or other support enabling that individual to retain his or her employment .	类型的帮助可能有足够的工作培训工作、方向、运输或其他支持个人保留自己或她的职业 。
there was a scene whereby su jin finally went to the house she lived with yong min and finally packed up all her things and dropped the keys into the mail box .	有一个场景 , 苏金终于去了她和杨明住的房子 , 最后把所有的东西放到邮箱里 。
the finite element method is used to analyze the influence of external circumstances on effect of deicing or snow melting system by electrically conductive concrete .	采用有限元法对电导混凝土的外循环影响进行了分析 。
bp managers say they frequently hear that 'potus has ordered' such and such , 'potus' being washington shorthand for 'president of the united states . '	bp经理说 , 他们经常听到 " 反对派秩序 " 这样 , 反对华盛顿的主席 " 和 " 美国总统 " 。
g2 united states recognizes the presence of international agencies , foreign governments and other representatives of staff and their immediate family members .	g2美国认识到国际机构、外国政府及其它代表员工和他们的家庭成员的存在 。
in particular , the relevant import declaration form as signed and issued by the customs shall be submitted for the payment for any purchase of foreign exchange .	特别是 , 由海关签署的相关进口声明表格 , 应当向外汇购买的支付申请 。
the analyzing method in this paper is based on the classical theory of plates and shells and the twomoment limitedinteraction yield condition was used as the yield criterion for materials .	本文以板材和壳的经典理论为基础 , 采用两元有限反应产率条件 , 作为材料产量标准 。
yi xiaozhun said that china maintained good economic and trade relations with malaysia and singapore . the three countries are important trade partners of each other .	杨小泉表示 , 中国与马来西亚和新加坡保持良好的经济贸易关系 , 三国都是互相的重要贸易伙伴 。
for the occasion , this month's column provides a more indepth description of ibm support assistant in general , including the latest features .	为此 , 本月的专栏提供了更深入的描述ibm支持协助 , 包括最新的特征 。
the analysis result shows: 1 favorable cap rock conditions can retard coalbed methane scattering and indirectly restrain methane desorbing ;	分析结果表明:1例较好的cap岩条件可以直接限制甲烷脱水和直接限制甲烷吸附 ;
pictures taken yesterday shows dozens of pupils jogging and playing badminton inside jiakai sports hall , which is equipped with an airpurifying system .	昨天拍摄的图片显示了几十个在贾卡尼体育厅内玩坏人玩笑和玩耍坏人玩 , 这装备了一个空气化系统 。
fig . 5 illustrates an example of a pulse width generator with two alternate delay paths , according to another embodiment of the present invention .	图5说明了一个脉冲宽度发电机的示例 , 两个替代延迟路径 , 另一个本发明的实例 。
jinbao street is an avenue created after the destruction of a swathe of alleyways and traditional courtyard housing just east of the wangfujing shopping district .	金宝街是一条街道破坏后 , 经过一条铁路和传统法院住宅仅仅是王府购物区东部 。
last week , france's national assembly voted to return the mummified heads of 16 maoris from various museums back to their homeland in new zealand .	上周 , 法国民族委员会投票回到新西兰的各种博物馆的16个马里 。
china is in favor of setting up a peacebuilding commission to coordinate more effectively un efforts in peacekeeping , postconflict rehabilitation and development .	中国在建立和平建设委员会更有效地协调和平保持、后冲突复苏和发展的努力 。
in this paper to discuss labor relations , labor law that is subject to adjustment of labor relations , should be a specific , narrow sense of labor relations .	本文讨论劳动关系的劳动关系 , 劳动法对劳动关系的调整 , 应该是劳动关系的特殊、狭窄的劳动关系 。
“if japanese engineers did it , they would create a japanese product , ” explains hitoshi otsuki , who heads panasonic’s overseas operations .	" 如果日本工程师做了它 , 他们会创造一个日本产品 , " 希特希奥斯基解释说 , 他总是帕纳森的海外运营 。
anthocyanins provide the dark colours of many fruits and vegetables , such as blueberries and red peppers . they are what makes black rice 'black' .	甲醇提供了许多水果和蔬菜的黑色颜色 , 比如蓝莓和红椒 , 它们是黑米 " 的东西 。
'most earthquakerelated casualties result from collapsing walls , flying glass , and falling objects , ' says the fema web site .	女性网站说 , 几乎地震的灾难造成了崩溃墙、飞行玻璃和下降物体 。
west of the great dividing range the landscape consists mostly of plains and plateaus ; the macdonnell ranges near the country's center are an exception .	西部的大规模分布范围主要由平原和高原组成 ; 宏观内尔在全国中心附近的一个例外 。
a the press of a button , a microcomputer lock all other floors'chute doors and sets the recyclingcontainer turning until the right box comes under the chute .	一个按钮的新闻 , 微计算机锁定其他地板门 , 设置回收容器转到右键键 。
the drought was serious for early rice from early pi to maturity under dry year type , and its strength and duration surpassed that of normal year type .	干旱严重的是早期水稻的早期水稻 , 其强度和时间超过正常年类型 。
the grand hotels has the honor to meet with mr . ajoy k misra , senior vice president , sales & marketing of taj hotels resorts and palaces .	大酒店拥有与高级副总统、高级酒店销售和营销taj酒店储备和宫殿相遇的荣誉 。
united is pleased to announce it has reached an agreement with partizan belgrade and the players for zoran tosic and adem ljajic to join the club .	联合国很高兴宣布它已经与parizanbelgrade和zorantosic和admlajic的球员达成协议 。
when i go across the developing countries and ask myself what is the largest single explanation for the huge diversity of economic performance , it falls in this territory .	当我走过发展中国家时 , 问自己是最大的经济表现多样性 , 它落在这个领域 。
although a number of projects outerjacketing frame for storeyadding have been accomplished presently , there is little research on design methods for this kind of frame .	尽管目前已完成了许多外部调整框架 , 但对于这种框架的设计方法有很少的研究 。
plan 1 is that heating in winter and cooling in summer is realized by gas direct fired lithium bromide absorbent type cool heaters using natural gas for fuel .	计划1是在夏季冬季加热和冷却 , 由气体直接燃料吸收式冷却器实现 。
the body position i end up in – with the tennis ball trapped in between my racket and the fence – is very similar to what your contact point will be when you actually serve .	身体位置我结束了 , 随着我在racket和fars之间的网球跟踪的网球 , 与您的接触点是非常相似的 。
l929 cells were cocultured with the porous chitosan membranes and biocompatible observation was performed with scanning electron microscope .	用扫描电镜进行l929细胞培养了多孔壳聚糖膜和生物相容观察 。
the spirit of new asia college meant different signification by different period , but qian mu's noble ambition of developing chinese culture was always incarnated in it .	新亚大学的精神意味着不同时期不同的意义 , 但秦穆的诺贝抱怨发展中华文化总是在其中得到了不同的意义 。
ceramides are a type of lipid found in cell membranes , and they also serve as signals in the body's stress response , summers explained .	夏天 , 陶瓷是细胞膜中发现的一种脂肪酰胺 , 并且它们也作为身体应力响应的信号 。
microsoft corp . , for example , has built up its cash levels to $60 . 9 billion , including equity and others investments as of march .	例如 , 微软公司已经建立其现金水平达到609亿美元 , 包括股权和其他投资 。
the official jobless rate , which garners the bulk of attention from politicians and the public , was reported on friday to have risen to 9 . 7 percent in august .	8月份 , 官方无职率收集了政治家和公众的注意力 , 据报道 , 今年8月有上升到9.7% 。
methods preoperative fine needle aspiration biopsy findings were compared with the final pathologic diagnosis of the surgically resected specimen in 241 cases .	方法采用241例手术切除指标的最后病理诊断 , 比较手术前针吸附生物检查结果 。
when cave , as a kind of natural geomorphologic landscape , is developed and utilized by human being as a kind of tourism resource , we call it tourism cave .	当洞穴时 , 作为一种自然几何形态的景观 , 是人类作为旅游资源的开发利用 , 我们称之为旅游洞 。
angle: it turned green because the soda water contains alkali . things like soda water which can turn the juice into green , are called alkaline matters .	角度:它变成绿色 , 因为soa水含碱 。 如soa水将汁转成绿色 , 被称为碱物质 。
with the development of dance with accompaniment as well as opening of society , permanent theatres came into existence in tang dynasty and perfomances became more frequent .	随着伴侣舞蹈的发展和社会开放 , 永久剧院在唐代的存在和丰富的变得越来越频繁 。
the vehicle frame is the footboard type structure , which is comfortable and convenient in riding and can obviously reduce the labor intensity of riders .	车辆框架是足板类型结构 , 舒适 , 方便 , 可明显降低车辆劳动强度 。
and peng changes food to be caused easily full bilge feeling , the influence dines normally , meet what cloggy body pledges to nurture absorb .	彭改变食品易引起完整的预报感觉 , 通常会见cloggy身体吸收的东西 。
he fled from wenzhou to the united states on september 21 , leaving 1 . 5 billion yuan in debt owed to both chinese banks and individual creditors .	他从温州到9月21日到美国 , 在债务中留下了15亿元 , 由于中国银行和个人债务人 。
the seismology research centre says the earthquake measured 3 . 8 on the richter scale with an epicenter about 80 kilometers southwest of sydney .	地震学研究中心表示 , 地震震震测量了3.8公里的丰富范围 , 约80公里的悉尼西南部 。
when the drone finally pulls away , his barbed penis andabdominal tissues are ripped from his body . he dies shortly thereafter — what abuzz kill .	当司机终于推出时 , 他的床尖和腹部组织被从身体上爬出来 , 他死了很短的地方----------巴兹杀死什么 。
the " metalframed composite hoses " are extensively used in industries such as petroleum , chemistry , pharmacy , foodstuff , storage and transportation .	" 金属框架复合材料 " 广泛应用于石油、化学、药、食品、储存和运输等行业 。
the phrase requiring the programmingtools word set shall be appended to the label of standard programs that require the system to provide the programmingtools word set .	要求程序toingtools设置的类型应适用于标准程序的标准项目标标标签 , 以提供程序tools设置 。
this course asks fundamental questions like why is the electric charge in nature quantized ? and why can't we find an isolated magnetic north or south pole ?	这个课程要求基本问题如何是自然定量化的电荷 ? 为什么我们不能找到一个孤立的磁北或南极 ?
a dead turtle floats on a pool of oil from the deepwater horizon spill in barataria bay off the coast of louisiana monday , june , 7 , 2010 .	2010年6月7日 , 6月7日 , 巴拉塔利亚湾深水平的路易斯安娜海岸的路易斯安娜海岸的路易斯安娜海岸的一堆油 。
conclusion the level of leukocyte cd18 and mpo increases and the leukocyte count decreases during reperfusion injury of rat island flaps .	结论白细胞cd18水平和mpo增加和白细胞数量降低在大鼠岛平面损伤中 。
france is expected to pledge 150 gendarmes to head an afghan police training mission , with a further 150 coming from mainly mediterranean countries .	法国预计将承担150名高档警察培训任务 , 进一步从中海国家到达150名 。
we hold that the implementation of omc is a realistic choice of eu , though not enough to help eu to achieve health care integration in the end for its own weaknesses .	我们坚持实施omc是欧盟的现实选择 , 尽管欧盟不足以帮助欧盟实现健康保健整合 。
this article consists of five chapters: chapter one and two introduce the basic information of vor , including the source , definition , basic theory and value .	本文包括五章:第一章和两章介绍vor的基本信息 , 包括源、定义、基本理论和价值 。
but the sun is on our backs . with limited time to wander , why trail down to the grotto when we can see it , all mystery preserved , from the ramparts of the basilica ?	但是太阳在我们的背上 , 带有限时间去走路 , 为什么在我们能看到它 , 所有的神秘保存在基硅的rampart ?
during 10 years since rgs come into being , it has bred about 10 high yield , high quality rice varieties , brought hugely contribution to jilin province .	自从rgs进入10年以来 , 大约有10个高产率、高质量水稻品种 , 给吉林省带来了巨大的贡献 。
check classified ads , both in print and online , to see what's available and what the going rate is in a particular neighborhood . get the earliest edition you can .	检查分类广告 , 两者都在印刷和网上 , 看看你所能的最早的版本 。
in a unique aviation experiment recently , the 170seat boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of mexico's sonoran desert .	在最近一次独特的航空实验中 , 170席位波音727被控制在墨西哥沙漠的遥远部位 。
i tell jurors at the very beginning of a trial that the freedom we usually have to jump to conclusions in everyday life is , for the purpose of this trial , now suspended .	我告诉陪审员们 , 我们通常必须跳到日常生活中结论的自由 , 因为这项试验的目的 , 现在悬挂了 。
this indeed is the one that i inscribe here as a balance to what is involved in meaning , it is the locus of that which , through the parlêtre , is designated in conscience as power .	这确实是我在这里描述的一个平衡 , 它是通过parlalalalaltre设计的 , 是指定的权力 。
this paper builds the multiple scattering model of imaging in fog and presents the algorithm of fog water content measure based on images blur degree .	本文建立了fog成像的多散散射模型 , 提出了基于图像bur程度的雾水含量测量算法 。
the silkworm , bombyx mori , as a completely domesticated insect with good breeding and genetic system , has been considered as an ideal model for lepidoptera .	由于具有良好的繁殖和遗传系统的全国昆虫 , 被认为是一种理想的遗传模型 。
i fly the aircraft back down to the 1 , 500foot line at 500 feet and modify my airspeed to get at show center for the pullup . i level off at about 500 feet .	我飞机回到500英尺左右的1500英尺的飞机 , 修改我的航空速度 。 我水平约500英尺 。
many have cautioned investors not to make rash decisions , such as liquidating all their lowrisk government bonds in order to sniff the green paper bill for just a minute .	许多投资者不要制定拉什决定 , 比如液体所有低危机政府债券 , 为了只有一分钟的绿色纸币 。
in his youth , lawrence kessenich often clashed with his father over politics and religion , but he also admired his dad’s commitment to helping the poor and homeless .	在他年轻的时候 , 劳伦斯·凯西尼奇经常与他父亲的政治和宗教相关 , 但他也承认他爸的承诺帮助贫穷和家庭无穷的承诺 。
arsenal can take positives from the result and most of the performance , city can take heart from the fact that even with 10 men they gave us a game until the second goal went in .	阿森纳可以采取积极的结果和大多数的性能 , 城市可以从事实上拿到10个男人 , 直到第二个进球 。
what should we call these iphonelike , touch screen wifi phones with music and video , real web browsers , email , sensors , and , above all , app stores ?	我们应该叫这些iphone类似的 , 触摸屏屏幕wifi手机和视频 , 真正的web浏览器 , 电子邮件 , 以及上面 , 应用程序存储 ?
results the automatically rotating km—5000d microkeratome system comprised three parts: microcut system , double electronic dynamic device and control panel .	结果自动旋转km-5000d微震系统包括三个部分:微切割系统、双电子动力学装置和控制面板 。
impressed by the official's work , the gates foundation decided to adopt her model of prevention and outreach and replicate it in major cities across 12 provinces .	由官方作品印象的印象 , 盖茨基金会决定采用预防和出口模式 , 并在12个省复制它 。
despite u . s . misgivings , britainsaid earlier this month it would join the aiib . france , germany and italy quicklyfollowed .	尽管美国错误 , 英国本月早些时候会加入法国 , 德国和意大利快速跟踪 。
but on the other hand , with the increase of the intrafirm trade and intraindustry trade , which is brought by multinational companies , the fdi has a positive effect on trade .	但另一方面 , 随着国内外的贸易和产业贸易的增加 , 跨国公司带来了积极的影响 , fdi对贸易有积极的影响 。
interactive charts will show investors how their risk exposure changes when they buy more microsoft options , or hold fewer chinese stocks , or short the price of oil .	互动图将显示投资者如何在购买更多微软选项的风险暴露变化时 , 还有很少中国股票 , 或短的油价 。
they and their patients have been very worried about the cardiovascular safety of rosiglitazone due to the meta analysis paper from new england journal of medicine .	他们和他们的病人一直担心由于新英格兰医学报道的元分析报告 , 由于新英格兰医学报道的心血管安全性 。
a few insect species including beetles and katydids actively bleed when attacked , but the benefits of taking such extreme measures were not clear .	几种昆虫包括beetle和katydids在攻击时活跃出血 , 但采取这种极端措施的好处并不清楚 。
infrared searching and tracking systems find wide use in military and civil applications . airborne irst systems are described , and its application examples are introduced .	介绍了红外搜索和跟踪系统在军事和民用应用中得到广泛应用 。
the gravel , grave cement and concrete thickness are given for reference only ; the final thickness will be accurately calculated according to chinese regulation .	根据中国规定 , 给出了灰色、灰色水泥和混凝土厚度 。
energy prices eased a bit tuesday , with oil hovering around$134 . 01 a barrel and gas prices at $4 . 078 a gallon .	星期二能源价格很容易 , 每桶134.01美元的石油价格达到4.078美元 。
even though its owners lacked all six required licenses , it operated on state property in full view of a stateowned mine for more than three years , the official said .	官方表示 , 尽管其所有者缺乏所有六个需要许可证 , 但在全国三年内运行了国家财产 。
for average people in china , they hope to find something from those countries that we can learn from , meanwhile intimidated by the potential despise or discrimination we might get in reward .	对于中国人来说 , 他们希望从我们可以学到的国家中找到某些东西 , 同时我们可能会获得奖励或奖励 。
medvedev people in more than she had in mind the same year 1909 , the washington state governor to respond to announce the third sunday in june as father's day .	1909年 , 华盛顿州长在六月份宣布第三个星期日的第三个星期日宣布 。
a report by the world's leading international health organizations today calls for joint action to accelerate the development and licensing of a highly effective malaria vaccine .	世界领先的国际卫生组织今天呼吁加快联合行动的发展和许可 。
the building faces south to capture the best views and has sweeping terraces that overhang by 2 . 5 metres to prevent glare into the rooms below .	建筑面向南捕捉最好的观点并且有2.5米以防止玻璃到下面 。
designing your threadsafe class in this fashion allows it to be used in a multithreaded application as easily as a nonthreadsafe class , but with a higher level of safety .	设计您的线程安全课程 , 允许它在多线程应用程序中使用 , 作为非线程安全类 , 但具有较高的安全性 。
productivity in the united states has fluctuated widely in recent decades . from 1979 to 1990 , u . s . productivity grew by a slow 1 . 4% annually .	1979年至1990年 , 美国的生产力越来越广泛 , 从1990年到1990年 , 美国生产力越来越慢 。
but the researchers suggest that if the weakening trend continues , there could be more severe cyclones , even during the summer monsoon months of june to september .	但是研究人员建议如果减弱趋势持续 , 即使在六月到九月期间 , 就有更严重的循环 。
moreover , this paper takes an example of the renewal and transformation of haohe in nantong , analyzing the experience from the investigation about background and course of it .	此外 , 本文从研究背景和课程的基础上探讨了南海河的再生和转换情况 。
however , the compressed air pass the same large area of laval nozzle in the traditional vacuum ejector all through the working process , so its large shortcoming is high compressed air consumption .	然而 , 压缩空气通过传统真空注射器的大面积 , 因此它的大型压缩空气消耗较高 。
democrats such as mr . hoyer blame the deficit largely on the bush administration , which inherited budget surpluses , but left office with deficits .	民主党如霍耶勒先生指责布什政府的赤字大部分是继承预算额外的 , 但与赤字离开办公室 。
in addition to the sparql endpoints that appear on the public internet , others are appearing behind firewalls to ease crosssilo querying of enterprise data .	除了在公共互联网上出现的sparql端点外 , 其他人出现在火墙后面 , 以便企业数据查询 。
cherie blair , the wife of prime minister tony blair , posed nude for a painting when she was a trainee lawyer in her mid20s , the times reported .	据《时报》报道 , 陈布莱尔的妻子陈丽·布莱尔说 , 当她在20世纪中期是一名火车律师的时候 , 她是一名画家 。
neither fighter has ever appeared out of shape or drastically ran out of gas during a distance fight , but both tend to fade a bit over the second half of a 12round bout .	战斗者从未出现的形状或是在距离战斗中跑出气体 , 但两者都倾向于在12周年半左右的一半 。
the results can be shown by numerical value and by graphic in the developed software that make it be seen directly . besides , the working interface is easy for workers to use .	此结果可以通过数值和图形显示 , 在开发的软件中直接看到它 。 除了工作界面容易使用 。
you can now adjust your websphere integration developer authentication to use your administrator user , leaving the wpsserver id for use only by your server process .	现在您可以调整您的websphere集成开发人员认证使用您的管理员用户 , 只要通过服务器过程使用wps服务器id 。
although figure 5 shows an mvclike model as an example , you can apply the basic principles of the rich web application backplane to any model and page design methodology .	虽然图5显示了mvcli类似模型作为一个例子 , 但是您可以应用丰富的web应用程序背景到任何模型和页面设计方法 。
the new economic realities may lead to flat matchday revenues . while attendances continue to hold up well , many clubs have frozen or reduced ticket prices .	新经济现实可能导致平均竞争收入 , 同时注意持续良好 , 许多俱乐部已经冻结或减少票价 。
on tv , a news reporter states that the vice president has the largest campaign war chest in history and is therefore the oddson favorite to win her party’s nomination .	新闻记者表示 , 副总统在历史上拥有最大的竞选活动 , 因此奥德森最喜欢赢得党的提名 。
based on the bidirectional properties of semiconductor cooler , we designed a bidirectional active highaccurated temperature controller , with broad working range .	基于半导体冷却器的双向性能 , 设计了一种具有广阔的工作范围 。
although the ford fseries was the number one best selling vehicle in the us last year , there were six foreign owned models in the top ten list in 2010 .	虽然福特公司是美国去年最好销售车辆 , 但在2010年最高的十个列表中有六个外国拥有的模型 。
occasionally , a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid , forming an ovarian cyst .	偶尔 , 一个傻瓜不开放鸡蛋或是在释放液体的释放后释放卵囊肿 , 形成卵囊肿 。
'we are not receiving special treatment ; we compete for business just like every other company , ' the fairfield , conn . , conglomerate said recently on its website .	" 我们并不接受特殊的治疗 , 我们就像其他公司一样竞争 , " 康康 , 最近在网站上说 。
he faces an investigation in france about allegations he sexually attacked a young novelist in 2003 , and a civil suit in new york by ms . diallo .	他面对2003年在法国的一项调查 , 他的性感受到了一名年轻小说家 , 并且在纽约的民间服装 。
results show that the thermal comfort of combined system is the best , and the risk of condensation is lower than that when chilled ceiling panel operates individually .	结果表明 , 结合系统的热舒适性是最好的 , 凝聚的风险比单独运行的天花板更低 。
at worst , he and his wife would earn about 600 yuan a month ; at the busiest times , when production ran until 2am , they could take home 2 , 100 yuan each .	最糟糕的时候 , 他和他的妻子每月收到约600元 ; 在忙碌的时候 , 当生产跑到2点 , 他们可以每个人回家2 , 100元 。
i could throw a few words at you supporting , sharing dreams and aspirations , confiding , loving , compromising but these are just words unless you act upon them .	我可以在你支持、共享梦想和鼓励的几句话 , 信心 , 抱怨 , 除非你在他们上行 。
napolitano's comments came days after a nigerian man was arrested for igniting a small explosion on a northwest airline flight bound for detroit friday .	纳波利塔诺的评论在星期五在西北航班边的西北航班界被逮捕后 , 尼日利亚人被逮捕 。
our production team had tried many kinds of " idol " style selection shows in the past , " said jin , who was previously bestknown for his 2007 show " my hero " .	我们的生产团队试图在过去的许多 " 偶像 " 风格选择展示 。
" we view them as very similar things , " says erik , a 28yearold assistant professor , referring to math and art . " they're both creative processes .	" 我们认为他们是非常相似的事情 , " 28岁的助理教授埃里克说 , " 他们都是创造性的过程 。 "
mr . noda's move raised speculation that he may be trying to show opposition members he is serious about cooperating with them in shaping budget and tax policies .	诺达先生的运动提高了预算和税务政策的相反成员 。
a taper company sends me the sample by there a/c . i did't like the sample then i send the sample to that company by my a/c and he made the same one . now we are doing great business .	一家taper公司向我发出了一个/c的样本 。 我不喜欢样本 , 然后我把样本送到a/c , 现在我们正在做很好的业务 。
to study relations between rrti and blood zinc value of children , blood zinc value of 35 cases of rrti were compared with that of 40 cases of no rrti .	为了研究35例无rti患者的rti和血液锌价值与40例无rti患者的血液锌价值相比 。
however , after choosing it , the subject would find a silver lining: " with a broken leg , i will be able to lie in bed watching tv , guiltfree .	然而 , 在选择之后 , 主题将会找到银衬: " 用一个破碎的腿 , 我可以在床上看电视 , 免费 。
in this paper , ningbo is used as an object , and detail investigation and re search on present situation of science and technology resources have been done on it .	本文采用宁波作为对象 , 详细探索目前科技资源现状及技术资源的现状 。
where the losses in a traffic accident are caused intentionally by the driver of a nonmotor vehicle or a pedestrian , the driver of the motor vehicle shall not bear liability .	在交通事故的损失中 , 由非电机车辆驾驶员或行业人员引起的损失 , 车辆驾驶员不应承担责任 。
" cashforclunkers " programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energyinefficient vehicles have been widely used .	" 现金包装商 " 项目 , 因此政府将购买新的车辆替代旧能源工程车辆已经广泛应用 。
this paper deals with the threshold condition of double resonance parametric oscillation when the absorption coefficient of the signal light is different from that of the idling light .	本文对双共振参数振荡的阈值条件进行了分析 , 当信号光的吸收系数不同于iding光的时候 , 采用双共振参数振荡的阈值条件 。
twentyfive years ago , for a chinese person to visit a foreign country or even to visit hong kong , part of our own country , it was very difficult or almost impossible .	二十五年前 , 中国人参观一个外国或甚至访问香港 , 我国的一部分 , 很难或几乎不可能 。
supporters prepare a huge inflatable figure of venezuela's president hugo chavez outside the national assembly building in caracas august 15 , 2007 .	2007年8月15日 , 支持者准备了一大不可避免的委内瑞拉总统胡锦标赛 。
the influence of the ratio of alg , w component and porosity upon the resistivity of ag w electro contact material were examined by the computer simulation approach .	采用计算机模拟法测定了agww电接触材料的电阻率、w元件和孔度对agw电阻率的影响 。
it is possessed of delicate and symmetrical appearance and accords with the conventions of chinese traditional decoration and aesthetics , therefore , it is named chinese knot .	根据中国传统装饰和美学的传统规定 , 具有精确的对称外观和对称表现 。
traffic was snarled in cities from los angeles to washington , d . c . , as antiwar protesters blocked off major intersections , some chaining themselves together .	路透汽车从洛杉矶到华盛顿的城市 , 正如反war抗议员阻止了主要的交通 , 有些链接自己一起 。
as a communication interface of a downhole instrument composed of multicomputers , it exchanges commands and data with the data acquisition system through asynchronous serial port .	作为由多计算机组成的下孔仪器的通信接口 , 它通过异步序列端口交换命令和数据 。
on the other side , the request of microwave communicating system becomes more and more critical to the performance of microwave passive device including coupler , splitter .	另一方面 , 微波通信系统的要求越来越关键于微波通信设备的性能包括coupler、分裂器 。
in xun zi's view of history , the relationship between the saint and the tao not only has logical consistency , but also has a rich and diverse relationships in different historical periods .	春江历史观 , 道道之间的关系不仅具有逻辑一致性 , 而且在不同历史时期有丰富多样的关系 。
this allows chiquita to deliver bananas with the colors requested by the customers , which falls anywhere on a ninepoint scale ranging from green to deep yellow .	这允许芝加达与客户所需的颜色交付香蕉 , 这些颜色都会从绿色到深黄色的九点范围下降 。
here , on a site once meant for processing spent nuclear fuel rods , an unusual textiles factory is setting up shop to serve the auto body construction industry .	在这里 , 在一家网站上 , 就意味着加工花核燃料棒 , 一家常用的纺织厂正在为汽车建筑业提供服务 。
a high degree of reproducibility was also demonstrated . the tcb is a noninvasive , simple and convenient monitoring and screening device for neonatal jaundice .	同时还证明了一种高度生殖率的高度 , tcb是一种非侵入性、简单、方便的监测和屏幕设备 。
a thousand feet underground , the cave of crystals is just one of a series of glittering caverns beneath the chihuahuan desert's naica mountain .	一千英尺的地下 , 水晶洞只是壳华沙漠下面的一系列闪烁洞之一 。
the kopeck weary performance mainly manifests in the hit probability , before already carried on season in the middle of match kopeck shooting average only then pitiful 36% .	库普克财富表现主要表现出来的可能性 , 在赛季中赛季 , 在比赛kopeck拍摄平均只有36% 。
since minimal invasive surgery is still “major” surgery , all the usual complications such as heart attack , stroke and even death are rare but possible .	由于最小侵入手术仍然是 " 主要 " 手术 , 例如心脏病、卒中甚至死亡等常见并发症都很少 。
jianjiang , shexian county native during the late ming and early qing dynasties , whose buddhist name is hongren , was a pioneer of xin'an art school .	建江 , 谢兴县在清初时代 , 是新南艺术学校的首席领 。
the intellectualized thermoregulation principle of wool fabric finished by nanomicrocapsule is analyzed . the ideal heatabsorbing model is built .	分析了纳米胶囊制造的木材材的知识化热调节原理 , 建立了理想的热吸收模型 。
scientific , procedure , computery , system management , corrective as always and set up the best products for our goal . fulfil the quality procedure to satisfy customers .	科学、程序、计算机、系统管理、正确、建立我们目标的最佳产品 , 满足客户的质量程序 。
sanshandao gold mine is the first hard rock mine carrying out undersea mining in china , which adopts the mechanical upward horizontal slice stopingfilling method with pointed pillars .	三山金矿是我国第一硬岩矿采采取的第一硬岩矿 , 采用机械上层滑坡阻止钻法 。
all values in a specific column of a database table are encrypted with the same password provided by the user , the same encryption algorithm , and the same cipher mode .	所有数据库表中的特定列的值都加密了用户提供的相同密码 , 同样加密算法和相同的cipher模式 。
pickled the movie , a surf flick by billabong usa featuring 8 worldclass surfers , 8 exotic countries , 1 total wannabe and a jar of pickles .	拍摄这部电影 , 一个由布莱布朗美洲特色8个世界级的电影 , 8个外国国家 , 总有万纳贝和一枚挑选的罐子 。
inverse archshaped bending of curved forms , ridged rear driving cabins on a slightly convex , continuous glass packaging and elegant surrounding the...	逆向拱形弯曲曲曲形式的逆向弯曲 , 沿着后驱动柜在稍微的输送、连续玻璃包装和大型围绕着...
in this article , the progress of precoated steel for household appliance at baosteel is described . the quality , varieties and problems in the production are also mentioned with suggestions .	本文介绍了宝钢制冷钢的进展 , 提出了生产质量、品种和问题 。
futurism , an early twentiethcentury movement in craft , rejected entire institutions and tried to exalt contemporary life by emphasizing the machine and film .	五十世纪早期的工艺运动 , 拒绝整个机构 , 试图通过强调机器和电影来解决当代生活 。
former ministry of labor , " the labor contract system off and notice a number of issues , " the fifth requirement: " the labor contract may provide for the effective time of the contract .	前任劳动部 " 劳动合同体系离开并注意到许多问题 " 第五条要求: " 劳动合同可能为合同有效时间提供有效的合同 。
mainly used in communications products , personal digital assistant , watches clocks , all kinds of instruments , office machinery , computer , car audio electric toy products .	主要用于通信产品、个人数字辅助、观看钟、各种仪器、办公机、汽车玩具产品 。
its original meaning is that the fox borrows the tiger's ferocity to bluster other animals . its extended meaning is to bully people by virtue of somebody's influence .	其原意义是福克斯借助老虎其它动物的能力 , 它的广泛意义是由某人影响的虚拟而受到巨大的影响 。
objective to investigate the heartprotective effects of compound chinese medicine of tianma gouteng prescription on renal hypertensive rats and to explore its mechanism .	目的探讨天马高血压大鼠复合中药复方药的心保护作用 , 探讨其机制 。
dedicated hydroelectric projects are often built to provide the substantial amounts of electricity needed for aluminium electrolytic plants , for example .	实例 , 建立了水电工程 , 为铝电厂需要的电量提供了实例的电工程 。
it is the type of wood used to smoke the tobacco leaves and the amount of smoke exposure that gives firecured tobacco leaves their distinctive flavours .	它是烟叶吸烟的类型 , 烟叶和烟雾暴露给烟草留下了不同的风味 。
among all the modules , we focus on the design of indexer and searcher based on the multilevel partitioning strategy , a novel index partition strategy proposed by us .	在所有模块中 , 我们集中了基于多级分区策略的指标和搜索者设计 , 提出了一种新的指标分区策略 。
objective:to study the effects of masticatory movements on the functional activity of brain by comparing the blood flow change before and after rpd restoration of freeend edentia .	目的:探讨大鼠运动对大脑功能活动的影响 , 比较前后rpd恢复后血流变化的影响 。
the stability and global convergence properties analysis of the multivariable generalized predictive poleassignment selftuning control recursive algorithm is presented .	提出了多变预测极自调控制回收算法的稳定性和全球收敛性能分析 。
the invention relates to a method for manufacturing a flatplate heat tube . the method comprises the following steps: providing an upper cover plate and a lower cover plate ;	本发明涉及一种制造平板热管的方法 , 包括以下步骤:提供上盖板和低盖板 ;
the main buildings in that temple are then daxiong hall , the sutra hall , the clock tower , the in script ion " midnight bells " , the first floor of maple river .	那座寺的主要建筑是大厦、超大厅、钟塔、脚本电离 " 夜铃 " 、地图第一层 。
since asphaltic concrete materials are temperature dependent in nature , measured deflections and hence the structural capacity of pavement vary with temperature .	由于沥青混凝土材料的温度依赖于自然 , 测量反射 , 因此结构能力与温度不同 。
in 1995 wu li took the strategic goal of shanghai in terms of domestic and international status and role as the basis for devising the rational size of population .	1995年上海战略目标与国际地位和角色作为人口合理规模的基础 。
the fatty secamines can be directly prepared by the catalytic hydrogenation of the fatty nitriles , using ammonia synthesis gas instead of pure hydrogen .	采用氨基合成气代替纯氢 , 可直接制备脂肪催化剂 。
also the scholar thinks: itch becoming aware basically is by cuticular derma of the boundary sensory experience with place of shallowlayer skin clump conduct .	同时 , 学者认为:itch基本上是由浅层皮肤夹层的边界感官经历的特殊德玛 。
eventually , the system could use software or hardware to deal with emergencies such as giving an alarm for abnormity , poweroff , stopping charging and stopping discharging and so on .	最后 , 该系统可以使用软件或硬件处理紧急情况 , 例如给出异常、电源、停止电荷、停止放电等 。
taxation is a significant means for accommodating economics , and the arrangement of the tax system and tax administration can influence the development of nonstate enterprises greatly .	税收是适应经济的重要手段 , 税收管理的安排可大大影响非稳定企业的发展 。
if the ribbon was severed , the top would burn up in the atmosphere , and the bottom would flutter to the ground " with the force of a sheet of paper , " according to liftport .	如果肋骨被严重的话 , 顶部将在大气中燃烧起来 , 底部就会用一张纸的力量输出 " 地面 " 。
the demonstrations come a day before the centreright coalition of chancellor angela merkel is due to discuss the date when germany's nuclear reactors will finally be shut down .	今天 , 德国核反应堆最终关闭的时候 , 这个示威来到了一天之前 , 安吉拉·默克尔的中央联盟 。
applying the theory of metaphors , familybased moral systems and contemporary american politics to the study of presidential campaign speeches entails dual meanings .	运用隐喻理论、家庭基础的道德体系和当代美国政治研究总统演讲的双重意义 。
insiders pointed out that the two companies will now be entertainment devices sold at much lower profit , expect this market share , and rely on the application of highprofit game to get the benefits .	内部人士指出 , 两家公司现在将在更低利润销售 , 预期本市场份额 , 依靠高利润游戏的应用来获得益处 。
dengue , for example , has notoriously emerged as one of the fastest growing disease burdens in the world ; today , cases are reported in many regions formerly free of the disease .	例如 , 邓国已被忽视为世界上最快发展的疾病负担之一 ; 今天 , 许多地区的病例被报告为自由疾病 。
less than 70% of those with concerns about their periods have ever spoken to a gp , a survey of 600 women aged 1645 for the haemophilia society says .	哈莫菲利亚社会1645岁女性的调查显示 , 70%的关心者中有关于他们的时期的关心 。
or , you might encounter the task of transforming xml data into xhtml to deliver an attractive , interactive , and usable interface for mobile users and various web browsers .	或者 , 你可能会遇到将xml数据转换成xhhtml来交付吸引性、互动性和用于移动用户和各种浏览器的可用接口 。
like a savvy career counselor or financial planner , the right advisor can help you build a solid foundation as well as steer you through choppy waters once you open your doors .	正确的顾问可以帮助你建立一个固定的基础 , 以及在你打开你的门之后 , 就像一个储蓄的职业咨询员或金融计划员一样 。
" i'd like present you orion . " the orion , billed as the next generation of manned spacecraft , has been de scribed by some nasa engineers as " apollo on steroids " .	" 我喜欢现在的奥运会 。 " 奥运会被一些nasa工程师描述为 " aporoido " 。
working into the wee hours totally disrupts worklife balance , causes you to miss out on time with loved ones , and more often than not , leads you to lose precious hours of sleep .	工作到wee小时完全失败工作平衡 , 导致你失去爱人的时候 , 越来越多的人 , 导致你失去怀孕的时间 。
in kurdish legend , the holiday celebrates the deliverance of the kurds from a tyrant , and it is seen as another way of demonstrating support for the kurdish cause .	在库尔德兰传奇中 , 假日庆祝了库尔德兰的交易 , 它被视为库尔德兰原因的另一途径 。
firstclass passengers get directv for the same price as a glass of champagne — for free — and coach passengers pay $6 to go channel surfing .	首先 , 乘客在同样的价格上获得直接电视 , 为了自由的玻璃 , 教练乘客支付6美元的渠道冲浪 。
considering chinese labor is up to 3times more expensive now than places like vietnam , why aren't we making an effort to manufacture in those cheaper countries if we have too ?	考虑中国劳动比越南等地方更昂贵的3倍 , 为什么我们也努力制造更便宜的国家呢 ?
on the other hand , the suitable reinforced method is selected in comparison with various reinforcement schemes such as injection root pile , nonskid pile , anchor bar and so on .	另一方面 , 选择适宜的加强方法与注射根桩、非滑桩、锚杆等各种加强方案进行比较 。
“the current mood is that his resignation is likely to be accepted but no decision has been made yet , ” an official at the presidential blue house told the financial times .	" 目前的情绪是 , 他的辞职很可能被接受 , 但没有决定 , " 总统蓝宫的官员告诉金融时报道 。
in this paper , multiscale wavelet decomposition and susan operator are synthetically used in image processing , then the locations of feature points are rapidly acquired .	本文综合应用多尺寸小波分解和ssan操作符在图像处理中 , 然后快速获得特征点的位置 。
one " bad apple " can spread negative behavior like a virus to bring down officemates or destroy a good team , according to a new study examining conflict in the workplace .	一个 " 坏苹果 " 可以传播负面行为 , 如病毒带来办公室友或毁坏好团队 , 根据工作场所的一项新研究的冲突 。
" it's all about the product development capability , " yoshikazu tanaka , chief executive officer of japan's no . 3 social networking operator , gree inc (	" 这是关于产品开发能力的一切 , " 日本第三个社交网络运营商yoshikazutanaka的首席执行官yoshikautanaka " 。
she also sent photographs of the orphanage and told me about the caregivers , or “mommas , ” as they were called—most of them youngish haitian women with families of their own .	她还发出了这张孤儿的照片 , 告诉我关于照顾者或 " 妈妈妈 " 的照片 , 大多数年轻的海地妇女和自己的家庭 。
and here i want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally .	在这里 , 我想警告所有的亲戚和亲戚 , 接近我 , 这些服务将使用所有的手段来杀死和液体 , 社交或专业 。
but attention soon shifted away from the rainforest to issues like climate change and organic agriculture , and now the amazon is disappearing at about the same rate it was in the 1980s .	但很快关注雨林的转移 , 比如气候变化和有机农业等问题 , 现在马逊在1980年代就消失了相同的速度 。
the company says it was able to raise such a large round because programmable logic device chips are the most profitable sector in the semiconductor market , with gross margins of 65 percent .	公司表示 , 它能提高这种大圆 , 因为可编程逻辑设备芯片是半导体市场中最有利的部门 , 其中gros标准为65% 。
article 14 the government may require a communications enterprise to take necessary emergency measures for the public interest in the event of natural disasters or emergencies .	第十四条政府可能需要通信企业采取必要的应急措施 , 为自然灾害或紧急事件的公共利益或紧急措施 。
instead , he focused on what the company already allows users to do on musician pages on the site via music player applications and the like , many of which come from thirdparty developers .	相反 , 他重点关注公司已经允许用户通过音乐播放器应用程序和第三方开发人员来做音乐页面 。
mr . liu found fulltime work as a laborer ; his wife took a part time job and watched over the family’s two children , a daughter and their young son liu jingjun .	刘先生找到全职工作作为劳动者 ; 他的妻子拿了一份工作 , 看着家里两个孩子、一个女儿刘锦君 。
senior lieutenant colonel tran thanh hang , who is responsible for receiving war memorabilia donated to the museum , said as yet , no one knows who le d . tuan was .	由于没有人知道dtuan的战争纪念碑捐献的战争纪念碑 , 由于高级的彩虹训练感谢杭 , 他负责接受战争纪念碑 。
having one global file to update means less of a headache , just remember to update it when you add or delete a user , then push it out to all boxes again via scp .	更新全球文件的意思是 , 只要记住在添加或删除用户时更新它 , 然后再通过脚本来推出它 。
based on the keywords our clients suggested to us , we bought up several keywordrich urls , for anywhere from $100 to $4 , 000 per url .	根据我们的关键字来说 , 我们买了几个关键字url , 因为任何地方从100美元到4000美元 。
we have discussed how the custom administrative client receives information from the websphere environment , but how does it in turn push the information to the monitoring tools ?	我们已经讨论了如何从websphere环境中获取信息 , 但是如何将信息推到监控工具 ?
emphases of the paper are on constructing a reasonable data structure and realizing the basic function of solid modeling such as rotation , zoom , pan and section view . etc .	本文重点建立合理的数据结构和实现固体建模等基本功能 , 如旋转、振动、潘和剖面等 。
phyllis ring , 81 , of fort collins , colorado , watched the speech from her wheelchair in the end zone of denver's invesco football stadium .	科罗拉多在丹佛投资足球场结束的时候看到了她的轮椅的演讲 。
one development that wolfram is especially excited about is using wolfram alpha's ability to understand and compute natural language queries in order to create mathematica programs .	特别激动wlfram的一个发展 , 尤其是使用wlframalpha的能力来理解和计算自然语言查询来创建数学程序 。
elisa is a young married lady working on an isolated farm and proud of her skills in growing flowers . one day , she suddenly feels a desire to communicate with .	伊丽莎是一位年轻的婚姻女士在一个孤立的农场和骄傲的技能上工作 , 一天 , 她突然感觉到很有必要的沟通 。
volunteer mentors are expected to spend 6090 minutes a week helping newcomers on work culture , contacts , writing applications and learning about professional associations .	志愿者指导者预计每周在工作文化、接触、编写应用程序和学习专业协会上花6090分钟 。
it has mobilized 11 air force planes , four navy vessels with divers and a tanker for the retrieval operation that jobim said was being carried out in a 120mile radius .	它已经移动了11架空军飞机 , 四艘海军舰有多样的船舶和一个坦克人在120英里的半径运行 。
caracas , venezuela – a plane carrying 51 people crashed monday in eastern venezuela , and officials said 33 survived while at least 14 were killed .	卡卡萨斯 , 委内瑞拉飞机周一在东部委内瑞拉爆发了51人 , 官员称 , 33人在至少14人被杀死 。
a breakdown of the numbers by country reveals authorities are seeking 7590 chinese , 5050 americans , 4020 malaysians and 3470 british .	一个由国家的突破者揭示当局正在寻求7590名中国、50名美国、40名马来西亚人和3470名英国人 。
good looks can slay a woman's chances of snaring jobs considered " manly , " along to a learn along the university of colorado denver business school .	好看上去 , 一个女人在科罗拉多丹佛商学院学习过 " 男人 " 的机会 。
andrea pirlo had an early freekick charged down by the defensive wall while clarence seedorf and cresp both had halfchances as sampdoria massed in defence .	安德里亚·皮洛早期被防御墙的自由自由克雷拉·皮尔洛在防御中拥有半机会 。
the human infections of diphyllobothrium latum , toxocara canis , and triodontophorus minor discovered by lin from beijing were the first records in the country .	北京林北京发现的三倍体小鼠感染是第一次记录 。
britain's prince william will marry his longtime girlfriend kate middleton in 2012 , on the eve of the london olympics , the news of the world reported sunday .	据世界新闻报道 , 英国王子威廉将在2012年结婚他的长期女朋友凯特·米德勒顿 。
when a user's mail file is set to use the inotes6 . ntf template , it inherits all the design elements in this template and also inherits the reference to the shared forms file .	当用户的邮件文件设置使用inotes6.ntf模板时 , 它继承了该模板中的所有设计元素并且继承共享形式文件的参考 。
however , phenolic plastic prepared with twostep method is mostly cured with htma and this curing process will release ammonia from htma , which will corrode the copper or brass parts .	然而 , 用两步法制备的苯丙烯塑料主要用于htma , 这种方法将释放氨基从htma中释放出来 , 这将腐蚀铜或铜部件 。
clapper rails in particular are highly dependent on the marshes—including fiddler crabs , a dietary staple—and they'll have nowhere to go if the oil arrives .	特别是克拉珀铁路的依赖于马什的高度依赖于火箭 , 包括纤维车 , 饮食稳定 , 现在他们就会在这里去 。
“the government says everything is fine , ” said aleksandra volgina , 31 , the leader of candle , a russian aids organization based in st . petersburg .	" 政府说所有东西都很好 , " 31岁的坎德拉·吉纳说 , 一个俄罗斯援助组织在圣彼得堡基础的俄罗斯援助组织 。
“we have discovered that no class of drugs had been spared , ” said aline plançon , the head of interpol’s counterfeit drug department . “it’s not just primary medicines .	" 我们发现 , 没有一类药物被撕裂 , " alineprosopon说 , " 这不仅是主要药物 。
the mycelium biomass of trichoderma koniggi tr6 and saccharomyces cerevisiae cb2 were found to has a good linear relation with the content of ergosterine .	发现三磷瘤tr6和神经切除术cb2的神经细胞生物量与ergostine含量有良好的线性关系 。
to determine the rate of cd4 testing completion , we reviewed the records of all clinic patients who tested positive for hiv between january 2008 and february 2009 .	为了确定cd4测试完成率 , 我们回顾了2008年1月至2009年2月艾滋病艾滋病毒的所有临床病人记录 。
taking an accurate census in china is a difficult task with the millions of migrant workers who've left their official addresses in the countryside for opportunities in the cities .	采取准确的青少年在中国是数百万的移民工人 , 他们已经离开了农村的官方地址 。
based on the communication control system of metro vehicles in shenzhen metro phase 1 , this paper presents the realization principle and the application method in actual operation of trb mode .	基于深圳地铁车辆通信控制系统 , 提出了trb模式实际运行的实现原理和应用方法 。
the improved malachite green method utilizes the malachite green dye and molybdate , which forms a stable colored complex specifically with inorganic phosphate .	改进的马来石灰绿法利用有机磷酸镁染料和钼酸镁 , 形成稳定的色复杂 。
the total length of 80page paper , over 120 doctorate awarded by the school committee determined to be plagiarism , twothirds did not indicate the bibliography .	80页纸总长度超过120名学校委员会授予的医生决定是平等主义 , 三分之二没有指出圣经图 。
children fathered by older men are likely to be less intelligent than the offspring of younger dads , australian and us scientists have found in a report published yesterday .	昨天 , 澳大利亚和美国科学家在一份报告中发现的报告中发现 , 老年男性的父亲可能比年轻的父亲更少智慧 。
apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of wmtc test cycle and the difference with ftp , ece etc emission test cycle .	建立了wmtc测试周期的评价标准数字系统 , 研究了ftp、ece等排放测试周期的ride特征及其差异 。
eileen chang' s original is possessed of female narrative , it is decided by the writer' s sex and demonstrates that female deconstruct masculinist .	艾琳长的原始是女性叙事的 , 它是由作家的性别决定的 , 并且证明女性解剖学家 。
the mechanism , parameter design and application of a new type of high frequency electromagnetic antiscaling equipment based on frequency scanning technique are discussed .	讨论了一种基于频率扫描技术的高频电磁抗标设备的新型机理、参数设计和应用 。
as a source , we can find the clear humanism moulage from baixianyong's personal life experience , religious emotion and the influence over chinese and foreign literature legacy .	作为一个来源 , 我们可以从白天个人生活经验、宗教情感和对外文学遗产的影响找到明确的人文主义模式 。
radiographic examination in experimental group showed much callus than that in control group . after 4 weeks , gross observation showed large amount of new bone trabeculae in two groups .	实验组的放射图检查显示 , 结果4周后 , gros观察显示两组新骨轨迹大量 。
" all the foul stuff from the latrines and all the rubbish thrown down the chute accumulate and compost , as in a septic tank , " wallacehadrill said .	walcehadrill说: " 所有的四个物质都从laris和所有的橡胶扔下了切片积累和复合物 , 比如在秘密的坦克 。 "
the 50 l novel bioreactor named as fus 50l was designed and the data acquisition system for both pilot and production scales was developed according to the proposed principle .	设计了50l小说名为fus50l的l生物反应器 , 根据该原理开发了数据采集系统 。
intake was calculated using the nutrition data system for research version 2007 , and consumption was monitored using diet diaries and by measuring the weights of the returned pistachios .	利用2007年的营养资料系统 , 利用饮食糖尿病监测其营养资料系统 , 并通过测量回收pistao的重量 。
other universal banks have much lower shares , according to data from scorpio partnership , a consultancy , with private banking at hsbc making up only 6 percent of profit .	根据scorpio合作关系的数据 , 其他普通银行股价下跌了很多股份 , 根据sbc的私人银行只有6%的利润 。
according to popsugar , we will get to see john mayer and jennifer aniston walk the red carpet together at the oscars this sunday , february 22nd .	据popsugar报道 , 我们将于今年2月222日在奥斯卡的奥斯卡一起走红地毯 。
then the two corresponding communicational tendencies , highcontext and lowcontext communications , are put forward , which exert great influence on interpreting activity .	然后提出了相应的通信倾向、高上下文通信、低文通信等两种相应的通信倾向 , 对解释活动有很大的影响 。
piano and cello are given equal roles in the sonata in a , a break with the 18thcentury format of a piano sonata accompanied by an instrumental obbligato .	钢琴和凯洛在sonata中得到平等的角色 , 18世纪的钢琴索纳塔格式与仪器奥巴马相伴 。
brilliant , iconoclastic , and witty , he had won election in traditionally republican arizona and had succeeded as an activist , progressive governor .	他在传统共和党亚利桑那赢得了选举 , 成功成为一个活动主义、进步的州长 。
koller was impressed , thought it likely to be useful in eye operations and two months later tried it out , first on animals and then on his own eyes with complete success .	科勒感到印象深刻 , 认为有可能在眼睛操作中有用 , 两个月后就试图出来 , 首先在动物上 , 然后用完全成功的眼睛 。
the diagnostic value of p300 in diabetic encephalopathy was evaluated . methods erp were tested in 50 type 2 diabetic patients and 30 healthy control group .	方法对50型糖尿病2型糖尿病患者和30例健康控制组的诊断价值进行评价 。
thus it threw shadows of these obscure and homely figures every evening with as much care over each contour as if it had been the profile of a court beauty on a palace wall ;	因此 , 这些障碍和家庭图像每天晚上都有很多关心 , 就像在宫殿墙上的一个法庭美容一样 。
by analyzing the basic characteristics of nonvesseloperating carrier , the paper confers its identification and its limitation of liability for maritime claims and its lien on cargo and so on .	通过分析非开发载体的基本特点 , 阐述了其对海事指标的识别及其在货物上的限制等 。
when i went with my second brother to ahmedabad , some enthusiastic friend of mine took me by surprise by printing and publishing it and sending me a copy .	当我和第二个哥哥去阿哈姆·阿哈迈德abad的时候 , 有些热情的朋友通过打印和发布它 , 让我感到惊讶 , 让我发出一份副本 。
when an enterprise submits an enterprise income tax return , the financial statements and other related materials shall be attached in accordance with the related provisions .	当一家企业提交企业收入税收回时 , 金融声明和其他相关资料应依照相关规定进行附加 。
these indicate that hd is closely related to cmv infection . cmv infection may be an important teratological factor of some congenital malformations including hd .	这些结果表明 , hd与cmv感染密切相关 , cmv感染可能是某些先天性畸形的重要地区因素 。
several studies have shown that low and middle level executives show many stress symptoms , like ulcers , high blood pressure , tension , burnout and so on .	几项研究表明 , 低和中级行政官显示很多应激症状 , 如溃疡、高血压、紧张、烧伤等 。
california natural chicken & brown rice dry cat and kitten food is made with only five pure & simple ingredients to meet the needs of your special cat .	加利福尼亚自然鸡肉和褐米干燥猫和鸡肉食品仅有五个纯纯纯和简单成分满足特殊猫需求 。
this piece nominated the award of berlin jin xiong 1999 , but defeated the red of " of american excellent movie with powerful actual strength finally cautionary " .	本片提名了柏林金正199年颁奖 , 但毁坏了美国优秀的电影 , 最终有强大的实际力量 。
preliminary computations indicate that the model demonstrate rather higher skill of predictions , it shows perspective of realizable approach to forecast shortterm regional climate .	初步计算表明 , 该模型在预测短期区域气候方面具有较高的应用前景 。
the antiwar groundswell brought out thousands of counter demonstrators , including 2 , 000 who gathered outside the state capitol in mississippi .	抗war地壳带来数千个反对示威者 , 其中包括2 , 000人在密西西西西西比附近的国家队伍 。
the shandong provincial quality control and inspecting center for bearings is located in the factory taking up the task of quality inspecting and arbitrament of the province's bearing products .	山东省质量控制和检查中心坐落在工厂采取质量检查和承担产品的任务 。
the full text of the treaty to be enshrined in the egyptian hieroglyphs temple of karnak at thebes and the temple of ramses the wall .	全文在埃及hiptiahinoglyphs寺和rams的寺庙中被英语 。
according to the design of spillway dam on arch dam in wanjiagou reservoir , this paper elaborates special problems and solving method of spillway dam in design and construction .	根据武家沟水库拱坝的设计 , 阐述了特殊问题和解决隧道坝的设计和施工方法 。
credible dynamic parameters of dam materials obtained from indoor tests are the key to the accuracy of dynamical analysis for earthrock dam .	室内试验得到的坝材料的可信动态参数是地震坝动力学分析精度的关键 。
still , i haven't yet had enough experience to determine if the android market is an adequate substitute for the apple app store , or to explore many of the features and apps .	然而 , 我还没有足够的经验来确定安德罗id市场是苹果商店的独特替换 , 或者探索许多特性和应用程序 。
the paper has studied into the hydraulic system of two cylinders synchronization and accurate orientation , then designed the synchronized system that could meet the requirement .	本文研究了两缸同步和精确定向的液压系统 , 然后设计了可满足需求的同步系统 。
the index's annualized growth rate remained unchanged at negative 23 . 9 percent , with the previous week's figure revised higher from negative 24 . 1 percent .	指数年度增长率仍在负面23.9%左右 , 前周的数字从负面24.1%升高了 。
applied to cotton , linen , silk , wool , cashmere , synthetic fiber , blended , underwear and infants , and other types of clothing and cleaning .	适用于棉、线、丝、毛、现金、合成纤维、混合、衣服及其它类型的衣服和清洗 。
finally , an organization framework of multiscale spatiotemporal data is proposed to facilitate the data access based on the characteristic of multispatialscale data .	最后 , 提出了一种基于多空间尺度数据的多规模空间时空数据的组织框架 。
in order to search and solve the adsl line fault when the user accesses the net , we introduce one kind adsl fault detect i ng instrument in this thesis .	为了搜索adsl线故障时 , 用户访问网络时 , 我们介绍了一种ing仪器的adsl故障检测的adsl故障 。
after the equilibrium of fast exchange process is reached , the slow exchange process can be treated as pseudosingle exchange center system by means of the differential kinetic equation .	在快速交换过程平衡后 , 通过差动力学方程来处理缓慢交换过程 。
the topography is from digital elevation data collected by the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite .	图形来自nasa卫星上先进空间热排放和反射辐射器的数字排放数据 。
the invention discloses a shutter type environmental wind guiding device of an air cooling island of a power plant , belonging to the technical field of energy power .	本发明公开了一种关闭式环境风引导装置 , 属于能源电厂技术领域 。
hehui is a kind of temporary mutual aid of old times to circulate necessary funds . it was always organized among the kin's and neighborhood .	海徽是一种新老时期的相互援助来循环必要的基金 , 它总是在金刚和邻居之间组织 。
objective:to investigate the surgical indications , operational methods and clinical applications of modified hysterectomy within the tunica vaginalis by using celioscope .	目的:探讨应用脑腔镜修饰液切除术后手术指标、手术方法及临床应用 。
under root's guidance , the renamed colt patent firearms manufacturing company hired talented mechanics and engineers who continued the innovations colt had begun .	根据root的指导下 , 著名的煤炭专利制造公司雇佣了天赋机械和工程师们继续创新燃料开始 。
the 19ye arold is a regular for his country's under20 te am and was a key performer in liverpool's second string landing the le ague title last season .	19岁的阿罗德是他在20个队伍下的常规规 , 是利物浦第二个字符串的联合冠军的关键表演者 。
the tundra extends endlessly , all leached out colours , smudgy greens and browns , merging with the sky into a distant greyblue nothingness .	桌子不断扩展 , 所有的叶子都离开了颜色 , 云绿和棕色 , 与天空融入遥远的灰色无处 。
the gymnasium complex is part of the massive sports facilities that were built by the chinese for the 2008 summer olympic games in beijing and surrounding areas .	体育馆复杂是2008年北京和周围地区建造的大型运动设施之一 。
but mr . khan was vexed by the striking inequalities — the new hummers cruising by endless shantytowns — and the growing rumblings of tribal politics .	但khan先生被打击不平等的冲击引引发了新的hmmers , 通过无尽的山东镇来说 , 越来越多的部落政治 。
the u . n . 's food security analysis unit and a famine warning project known as fewsnet say the famine in southern somalia is growing worse .	美国食品安全分析单位和知名的警告项目称南索马里南部的污染更糟 。
the focus on a reduced footprint implementation of eobject is also noteworthy , with some clients using it to achieve more than 60percent reduction in footprint .	关注eobje的脚印实现也是注意的 , 一些客户使用它实现60%的脚印减少 。
glaciers in the french alps have lost a quarter of their area in the past four decades , according to research by scientists at the university of savoie , the bbc said .	bbc的科学家savoie大学的科学家们说 , 法国alps的冰川在过去四十年内失去了季度的地区 。
knowing the basics of populations , sampling , and statistical significance will help you to understand what's possible , and to better understand and interpret what the results mean .	了解人口、采样、统计意义的基本人口、采样、统计意义将帮助你理解什么可能性 , 更好地理解结果意义 。
german crown prince . the son of emperor william ii , he commanded troops in the battle of verdun and renounced the crown at the close of world war i .	德国冠王子 。 皇帝威廉二世的儿子 , 他命令军队在佛丹战斗中 , 重新宣布了世界大战的冠军 。
web page has to show a large number of realtime data in computeruser interface of a bridge health monitoring system based on b/s model , result in frequently updating pages .	web页面必须在b/s模型基于桥梁卫生监测系统的计算机接口显示大量实时数据 , 导致通常更新页面 。
the new site concrete exposed surfaces , timely with plastic and heat preservation material covered in ( hscmt condition maintenance , concrete shall not watering .	新网站混凝土透露的表面 , 随着塑料保暖材料覆盖 , ( hscmt条件维护 , 混凝土不应水 。
on 9/2/02 in our local paper , there was an article by tony pugh of the knightridder newspapers entitled " doctors closing the door to drug salespeople . "	9/2/02在本地报纸中 , 有一篇文章由昆特里德德新闻报纸发表的 " 医生关闭药品销售商 " 的文章 。
our former striker mikael forssell reminded us what he can do inside the opening quarter of an hour , and bruce was delighted to have him back leading the birmingham line .	我们前的前锋米卡尔·福塞尔提醒我们可以在开幕季度内做什么 , 布鲁斯很高兴把他带回双明翰线 。
the press takes use of advanced twoway cartridge valve system and imported electric pump technology which can realize double closed loop control of pressure and flow rate .	新闻采用先进的双路卡路阀系统和进口电泵技术 , 实现双闭环控制压力和流速控制 。
design and configuration process about the control system of a mechanical arm are introduced based on mcgs configuration software and siemens s7 200 series programmable logic controller ;	介绍了一种基于mcgs配置软件和siemens7200系列可编程逻辑控制器的机械臂控制系统的设计和配置过程 。
insulin secretion from the beta cells in the part of the pancreas called the islets of langerhan is a complicated process , which if it fails to work properly induces diabetes .	胰岛素分泌在胰腺内的胰岛素分泌是一种复杂的过程 , 如果没有正确的诱导糖尿病的话 , 那么胰岛素分泌是胰岛素 。
grand buddha at ling shan the grand buddha at ling shan situated in the small ling shan area in the south of the maji mountain , wuxi , jiangsu province .	岭山大佛位于岭山南小岭岭山区 , 江苏省吴西南小岭山区 。
that is why i select " citizenship education in american schools " as my research field . both the research methods of literature gathering and comparing have been adopted in the thesis .	这就是为什么我选择 " 美国公民教育 " 作为我研究领域的 " 公民教育 " 原因 , 采用文献收集和比较的研究方法 。
on christmas day , the miami heat and dwyane wade will take on the cleveland cavaliers and lebron james in a matchup of two of the best young players in the league .	在圣诞节 , 迈阿密热和丹维亚威德将在联赛中占领克莱维兰队员和莱布伦詹姆斯在两名年轻球员 。
this is why web designers , and their close cousins , banner , header and footer designers , can charge up to $50 for one good web page header , and more for a complete set .	这是为什么web设计师 , 他们的密切的cocoins、banner和ofter设计师 , 可以收到50美元的好网页头 , 并且更多为完整的集 。
the paper got across the study about isokinetic technique applying conditions and resolving problem , and provided reference which can made isokinetic technique apply in martial art .	本文从动力学技术的研究中得到了应用条件和解决问题的研究 , 并提供了适用于武术的动力学技术的参考 。
currently , the value of human capital in enterprises is mostly measured from accounting perspective , and the specialized in assessment of management humancapital is rare .	目前 , 企业人力资本的价值主要来自会计视角测量 , 专门评估人力资本的价值很少 。
the algorithm presented in this paper incorporates the trust region method into the restricted simplicial decomposition algorithm to solve the master problem of rsd .	本文将信任区域方法与限制简单分解算法相结合 , 解决了rsd的主要问题 。
portsmouth are the cook islands , or whatever pacific islands are most threatened by global warming . they are sinking fast , soon to disappear without trace .	波斯茅斯是烹饪岛屿 , 或者太平洋岛屿最受全球变暖的威胁 , 他们很快就不会消失 。
shenzhen yirui electronic technology co . , ltd . is a professional led manufacturer in r&d , production , sales and services which founded in 2006 .	深圳电子技术有限公司是一家专业led制造商 , 生产、销售、服务于2006年成立的专业领域 。
rio ferdinand will miss middlesbrough's visit to old trafford on monday after suffering a back spasm in the warmup at the britannia stadium .	里奥·费德南德将在布里塔尼亚体育场的背空间遭遇后 , 周一会错过中产阶段的访问 。
van gogh painted 'patch of grass' in 1887 in paris and it hangs in the krollermuller museum in the dutch eastern city of otterlo .	范戈在1887年在巴黎绘画了 " 草地 " 的画面 , 它挂在土耳其东部城市的克罗勒穆尔博物馆 。
the goal of this study was to determine the acute effects of decaffeinated coffee , chlorogenic acid , and trigonelline on glucose tolerance in 15 overweight men .	本研究的目的是确定15个超重男性葡萄糖容量的急性效果 。
from a practical viewpoint , consumers value poultry welfare , so better market access may be obtained by producers who ensure good welfare in their flocks .	从实际的角度来看 , 消费者价值福利 , 因此更好的市场访问可能由生产者保证他们的流动中良好的福利 。
mr . greenspan maintains that the development of china and other factors fostered low rates around the globe and not just in the u . s . contributing to a housing boom that was worldwide .	格林斯潘先生保持中国和其他因素在全球范围内的发展 , 不仅在美国贡献一个全球范围内的房屋繁荣 。
based on an analysis of industrial cluster this paper defines the industrial cluster a new kind of organization mode of spatial economy that is different from market and hierarchy system .	本文根据工业集群的分析 , 定义了工业集群新型的空间经济方式 , 不同于市场和层次系统 。
now folds the lily all her sweetness up , and slips into the bosom of the lake: so fold thyself , my dearest , thou , and slip into my bosom and be lost in me .	现在 , 所有她的甜蜜都放在湖上 , 滑进湖边:那么愚蠢 , 我最亲爱的、你 , 走进我的身体里 , 就失去了我 。
thus mr specter’s move will both increase mr obama’s chances of getting his domestic agenda through congress and boost his ability to put liberals in the courts .	因此 , 查尔先生的移动都会增加奥巴马先生通过国会获得自己的国内代表机会 , 提高自己在法院的自由能力 。
this year xinran arranged for me to meet a maker of paper lanterns who had the same thing happen to him during a more recent clearance round nanjing’s confucius temple .	今年新兰为我遇见一家纸灯制造商 , 在最近的一轮南京的孔子庙中 , 还有同样的事情 。
those beautiful promises , those sweet smiles on the photos , which are as warm as the sunshine , in turn slowly freeze the curve in the middle of my right hand .	这些美丽的承诺 , 那些在照片上的甜蜜笑容就像阳光一样温暖 , 在右手中慢慢冻过曲线 。
priority reverse is a kind of phenomenon that the higher priority task is blocked by the lower priority task since they are using the same share sources in real time system .	优先的反向是一种高优先任务被低优先任务阻止的现象 , 因为它们在实时系统中使用同样的股票源 。
by the model , the contour error vectors were computed with tool position points from the interpolator of computer numerical control and position tracking errors of servo systems .	通过模型计算机数控控制与位置跟踪误差误差 , 从工具位置点计算机数字控制和位置跟踪误差 。
it realized rational general layout in narrow area by making use of abandoned excavated materials and overall construction site allocation in longtan hydropower station .	通过对长坦水电站废弃的挖掘材料和整体建筑地点分配 , 实现了狭窄区域的合理通用布局 。
strengthen the practice teaching , pay attention to the thought and the capacity of innovation of the students culturing , and it gets manifest achievement .	加强实践教学 , 注重学生培养的思想和创新能力 , 使学生培养得到最大的成就 。
these temperature shifts are heavily influenced by entirely natural ocean cycle fluctuations that affect heat transfer patterns from the tropics .	这些温度变化受热带传热模式影响的全天然海洋周期流动影响 。
wang fuzhi's interpretation undoubtedly degraded zhuang zi's xiaoyao from the realm of heaven and earth to confucian humanity concernment .	王福志的解释毫无疑问 , 从天地和地球到儒家人类关注的时候 , 庄子的小姚的解释 。
these greater concentrations have the unfortunate side effect of making blue tiberium highly volatile and explosive , making harvesting the crystals extremely dangerous .	这些更大的浓度对于制造蓝钛高挥发性和爆炸性的不幸副作用 , 使水晶极为危险 。
the company handles image processing for other wedding photographers and also teaches them to use lightroom 2 efficiently so they can save time and money processing smaller jobs themselves .	公司手工图像处理其他婚礼摄影师 , 同时还教他们有效地使用光室2 , 这样他们可以节省时间和钱加工自己 。
the prescription of the tissue culture of petunie hybrida and the dna level of phenotypic variation seed lings produced by tissue were discussed .	讨论了punie杂交树脂组织培养及dna水平由组织产生的dna水平 。
its university , founded in 575 , was a noted center for the study of theology , science , and medicine in the 7th and 8th centuries . population , 04 , 2' .	其大学成立于575年 , 是研究理论、科学和医学的研究中心 。 人口04 , 2' 。
a phase i clinical trial has shown that miv210 administered to healthy volunteers has a very good oral bioavailability and achieves high blood plasma levels .	我的临床试验表明 , 米夫210对健康志愿者有很好的口服生物 , 实现高血浆水平 。
the correlation of ratooning rate to the yield relating characters of main crop and ratoon crop in rice was studied with 30 different types of rice varieties and hybrids .	采用30种不同类型的稻米品种和混合材料 , 研究了主要农作物产率与ratoon作物产量的相关性 。
local codimension two bifurcation of maps , associated with hopfpitchfork case , is analyzed using the center manifold theorem and normal form method of maps .	利用中心平衡理论和正常形式分析了地图的局部编码两个分布 。
bank staff involved in indonesia’s tsunami recovery say governmentled plan , communitybased reconstruction are critical in natural disaster response .	银行员工涉及印尼西亚海啸恢复表示 , 基于社区的重建是自然灾害的关键因素 。
“he was my only son , ” said ma xiangqian’s father , ma zishan , a struggling farmer of landscape plants and trees grown for use in the bustling cities .	" 他是我唯一的儿子 , " 马湘乾的父亲马山说 , 一个挣扎的景观植物和树在忙碌的城市使用的农民 。
use the index or primary key field to select the key columns that the q apply program uses to identify replicated rows and correctly order transactions .	使用指标或主要键字段选择q应用程序使用来识别复制行和正确的顺序事务的关键列 。
but the great souls having taken refuge of the divine nature , o arjuna , render devotional service unto me with undeviated mind knowing me as the imperishable origin of all creation .	然而 , 伟大的灵魂在神圣的自然中拒绝了 , 奥贾尼亚 , 渲染派遣服务 , 让我知道我是一切创造的原因 。
late at night , the international atomic energy agency announced that japan had added a third plant to the list because radiation had been detected outside its walls .	晚些时候 , 国际原子能机构宣布 , 日本已经增加了第三个植物 , 因为辐射在墙外被检测 。
he proposed " the situation " is not only thinking of the late ming zun situation of an important stage in development , but also of his literary activities of the theoretical basis .	他提出的 " 现状 " 不仅是思考晚明子现状的重要阶段 , 也是其理论基础的文学活动 。
yanov chomsky pointed out that the diversification of gas supply also increased , which will enable the implementation of natural gas exports have become more flexible .	雅诺夫chomsky指出 , 天然气出口的多样化也会增加 , 这将使天然气出口的实现变得更灵活 。
although the traditional is easy for installation and operation , but because of the limited capacity , it can not satisfy the requirement of large scale foam project .	虽然传统的安装方便 , 但由于有限能力 , 但不能满足大规模泡沫项目的要求 。
instead of letting his star player force a move , ferguson reminded rooney who was boss a lesson learned long ago by cantona , roy keane and david beckham .	相反让明星球员力量移动 , 费格森提醒罗尼老板在坎顿、罗伊·凯恩和大卫贝克汉姆学习了很久以前的教训 。
as for john f . and robert f . kennedy — the story ends in 1969 , and teddy is nowhere to be seen — the kennedys presents them as men of deep integrity .	正如约翰f.罗伯特·肯尼迪在1969年结束的故事 , 爱德迪现在被视为 " 肯尼迪 " 的男人 。
jesus offered himself as a sacrificial being before heaven for the sake of the one will , without pursuing his own happiness but for the benefit of humankind on the earth .	耶稣在天上为人类的幸福 , 没有追求自己的幸福 , 为人类的益处提供牺牲 。
then , can social responsibility help increase customers'satisfaction ? if so , what is the mechanism and how important is it ? this research is to answer these questions .	然后 , 社交责任可以帮助增加客户的满意度 ? 如果这样 , 机制和如何重要 ? 这项研究是如何回答这些问题 。
litchfield said that he warned oracle of the problem in november , hoping that the company would fix the flaw when it issued a group of quarterly security patches in january .	利切菲尔德说 , 他在11月警告的问题 , 希望该公司在1月发布了一组四分之一的安全pache 。
a bit . instead of a few hundred thousand , as he initially suggested , the gateses are going with 10% of their wealth . so . . . more like hundreds of millions .	与几百万人相比 , 正如他最初建议的那样 , 门户会有10%的财富 。 所以 , 更像数百万人 。
hugh hefner , the 84yearold " playboy " magazine founder , said he is considering marrying girlfriend crystal harris , aged 24 , the us media reported .	美国媒体报道 , 84岁的 " 玩家 " 杂志创始人hghhefner表示 , 他正在考虑结婚女朋友哈里斯 , 他正在考虑结婚 。
after constructing the model of motion of the target and the kinetic kill vehicle , constraints of interception were analyzed and the computing method of orbit transfer was also derived .	通过建立目标运动模型和动力杀死车辆的动力学模型 , 给出了拦截的约束 , 并给出了轨道转移的计算方法 。
jinan is also famous for the spring city . the abundant groundwater of mount tai flows down the north , spews in the urban areas and forms numerous springs .	金南也是春城的著名地下水 , 城市地区的大量地下水 , 城市地区的西西班牙 , 形成了许多春天 。
twoeyes , however , made them welcome , and was kind to them , and took care of them , so that they both with all their hearts repented the evil that they had done their sister in their youth .	然而 , 两眼 , 让他们欢迎他们 , 很好地照顾他们 , 所以他们都与所有的心都表示他们在青年做过的邪恶 。
people believe that the number is useful when they are in danger,such as in the valley or in the mountain area . even through the signal is very bad , the police could know where you are .	人们相信 , 当他们在危险的时候 , 就像山谷或山区一样有用 , 甚至通过信号很糟糕 , 警察可以知道你在哪里 。
in day after day to repeat life , we use own small head fit many concept , significance , formula... but that is filled with pain and tears behind too much fun and laughter .	白天再复生活 , 我们用自己的小头适合许多概念、意义、公式...但这充满了痛苦和泪水 。
the point , buffett repeats in all his appearances in china , is that by quitting stanford and trying to make a go of it in music , he was doing the same thing his father did .	这点 , 巴菲特在中国所有的外表都重复了 , 是通过辞职斯坦福德 , 试图在音乐上做出同样的事情 。
the values may be different depending on the manufacturer of the wire and the ambient temperature , so we recommend you recalculate the values based on your particular requirements .	值可以不同的依赖于电线制造商和室内温度的制造商 , 因此我们建议基于特定要求的计算值 。
the smoke screen that may absorb and scatter infrared , heavily attenuates energy of guidance head , and then will reduce the probability of missile shooting .	可能吸收和散射红外的烟屏幕 , 重重重负责引导头的能量 , 然后减少导弹射击的可能性 。
this paper is focus on small set character recognition . based on skeleton graphics , handwriting chinese character is defined as a set of isolated branch , isolated loop and component . relation...	本文重点研究了基于skeleton图形的小组字符识别 。 基于skeleton图形的基础上 , 定义了一组孤立的分离循环和组件 。
he is seen as an important figure who made great contribution to modern art , a pioneer on the path of painting practice , and a pilot due to his intelligent painting theory .	他被视为现代艺术的重要人物 , 由于他的智能绘画理论而造成了巨大的贡献 , 成为现代艺术的重要人物 。
wang yuquan , a chief consultant at frost and sullivan in beijing , told ap that the announcement is a subtle warning to skype not to grow too large .	北京佛罗斯特和苏利凡的首席顾问王玉泉告诉说 , 宣布不太大 , 天空不会太大 。
instead , while hong kong is feeling the heat of competition from china , its economy is thriving having just experienced its fastest three years of growth since the late 1980s .	相反 , 香港正感觉到中国的竞争热情 , 经济在1980年代末期以来最快的三年生长 。
this paper discusses causation and preventing measure of settlement difference in high and low stride building , and points out characteristic and feasibility to use cincture constructing later .	本文讨论了高、低边建筑中沉降差的原因及预防措施 , 指出了利用cinc化建设的特点和可行性 。
'i don't see anything changing in the next two or three years , ' said john deal , a 50yearold individual investor who works in walnut creek , calif .	" 我在未来两或三年内看不到任何变化 , " 卡尔if工作的50岁的个人投资者约翰·交易说 。
he is the greatest teacher i have ever seen . he is able , without visible effort , to make a lecture to students seem like an intimate , socratic dialogue .	他是我曾经见过的最伟大的老师 。 他是无法见到的努力 , 让学生看起来像一个愚蠢的、社会对话 。
scream 4 offers little more than a group of familiar characters wandering around a horror movie setting and uttering selfreferential oneliners as the body count mounts .	scream4提供了一组熟悉的字符在恐怖电影设置周围的熟悉字符 , 把自我参考的一个线程作为身体数字 。
another problem with the statement that the more televised governmental proceedings , the better , is that it assumes that people actually watch the proceedings when they are broadcast .	另一个声明的问题是 , 越来越多的电视政府的过程 , 更好的是 , 假设人们在广播时看到的过程 。
until 24 february , when the us air force awarded the kcx contest to boeing , eads appeared to have a strong chance of parking its tanker on boeing's lawn .	直到24月24日 , 当美国空军获得kcx竞争对手的时候 , ead出现了强大的机会在波明的法律上停车 。
some are masters of new or traditional media ; some are religious leaders , and a few are top officials of those governments that do have the ability to project their influence globally .	有些是新传统媒体的大师 ; 有些宗教领导人 , 几个是政府的首席官员 , 都有能力项目他们的影响力 。
the architects recommend careful use of express bus rapid transit—the cheapest public transportation option—and increased capacity for bicyclists and pedestrians .	建筑师建议使用高速公共交通的快速运输选项 , 增加自行车列表和行业人员的能力 。
for example , an older system might store the term " dog " with a broader term of " mammal " and narrower terms of " dachshund " or " bulldog . "	例如 , 老年体系可能会存储 " 狗 " 的术语 , 更广泛的 " 哺乳动物 " 和 " 大型 " 或 " 小型 " 。
in ding zhuren eyes , wuxi ming is tall , handsome youth , talk funny , work carefully , to accept strong , quick thinking , practical work hard .	在丁谦眼中 , 吴明高 , 青少年 , 小心工作 , 接受强壮、快速思维、实践努力 。
in addition , connection strings constructed at run time from unvalidated user input can lead to string injection attacks , jeopardizing security at the data source .	此外 , 在未验证用户输入的运行时连接字符串可以导致字符串注射攻击、jeoparding安全 。
as the debate continues , mr donkin needs to grapple with the fact that , particularly in america , ordinary people have seen their incomes stagnate since the 1970s .	随着辩论继续 , 唐金先生需要把握事实 , 尤其是在美国 , 普通人看到自1970年代以来的收入稳定 。
i felt extremely welcomed into your friendly school community and am amazed by the dedication of all the studentsit is obviously a very successful school .	我感到非常欢迎您的友好学校社区 , 并且受到所有学生的尊敬 , 显然是一个非常成功的学校 。
always , always pay yourself first from your wage , then pay your creditors . in that single act , you are telling the universe that you are worthy and deserving f more .	总是 , 总是从你的工资中付出自己 , 然后付出你的信用者 。 在那个行动中 , 你正告诉宇宙 , 你为什么值得和愿望更多 。
currently under construction , the mine is estimated to contain a staggering 40 million tons of copper and 46 million ounces of gold and should start operating in 2012 .	目前在建筑下 , 矿床预计含有4000万吨铜和4600万盎司的金牌 , 应该在2012年开始运行 。
as a result , de rothschild originally set his launch date for 28 april exactly 62 years to the day when heyerdahl set out on his epic journey across the pacific .	结果 , 罗瑟斯小孩原来在太平洋的史诗旅程中设立了28年4月28日的启动日期 。
experiment proved that phagocytic percentage and phagocytic index of celiac macrophage could be increased , transformation of lymphocyte could be increased by xin an grain .	实验证明 , 胆囊性率和胆囊性指数可增加 , 淋巴细胞转化可以增加新的谷物 。
he also noted that when looking for solutions to the problems , equal consideration should be given to denuclearizing the korean peninsula and addressing the security concerns of the dprk .	他还注意 , 当寻求解决问题的时候 , 相等的考虑应该忽略朝鲜半岛并解决dprk的安全关注 。
methods:221 patients with depression and 178 normal controls were measured with the family dynamics questionnaire and family environment scalechinese version . results: 1 .	方法:采用家庭动态问卷和家庭环境规模版本测定221例抑郁患者和178例正常控制患者 。
the main business profit is an important index that department in charge , stockholder and user of the statements pay great attention to , its truthfulness is the main task of the auditing work .	主要业务利润是负责、股东和用户的重要指标 , 是审计工作的主要任务 。
analysis and explorations are made to the rupture phenomena of te first cross member in sh6700 light bus floor . 3structure improvement plans are put forward on the basis .	分析和探讨了sh6700光总线地板中te第一交叉成员的破裂现象 , 提出了3个结构改进计划 。
the second part analyses the concept , background and current situation of watersaving green space , and makes sure the need and feasibility of watersaving green space development ;	第二部分分析了节水绿空间的概念、背景和现状 , 确保节水绿空间的需要和可行性 ;
by pursuing graduate studies , they can get the chance to be a member of civil servants or political department and get high salary as well as get a higher social status .	通过追求毕业生的研究 , 他们可以获得公务员或政治部门成员的机会 , 并获得更高的社会状态 。
an old well , abandoned wilderness , in the writer's eyes are beautiful , it nourished a few generations of the world lives and depleted the number of trickling effort ?	在作家的眼睛美丽的时候 , 一个古老的良好 , 它保持了几代世界生活 , 把数量的努力删除了 ?
for example , a number of research studies found that social science majors had achieved greater managerial success than those who had technical training or preprofessional courses .	例如 , 许多研究发现 , 社会科学主要的管理成功比有技术培训或前专业课程的人更大 。
in 2004 , sh company is facing duple restrictions from the market and bank , which result in the problem of repayment of bank loan , difficulty in raising money and shortage of working capital .	2004年 , sh公司面临着从市场和银行的双重限制 , 导致银行贷款、难度提高工作资金缺陷的问题 。
this paper introduces the solution of incomplete separation of waste alkali liquor in the cyclohexane oxidation unit applying coalescence separation through experiment and innovation .	通过实验和创新 , 介绍了循环己烷氧化单元不完全分离废碱液的解决方案 。
the recreational corner of the bedroom , black cloth art ground lamp is tiein and coriaceous single person sofa and footrest , arranged the good place of individual have a rest .	卧室、黑色布艺术地灯的娱乐角落是白色的单个人sofa和足球 , 把个人都有休息的好地方 。
marion lynette snowden:hope you can build an international jci standard hospital with us , let all mothers and babies in china can get best medical care and on the same steps with the world .	玛丽安·林尼特·雪登:尽管你可以建立一个国际jci标准医院 , 让所有的妈妈和婴儿都能获得最好的医疗保健和同一步 。
liverpool are expected to overcome psv eindhoven after chalking up a 30 quarterfinal firstleg lead and that will provide chelsea with the opportunity to finally get even with the merseysiders .	利物浦预计将克服psveinininhoven在接触30季度的最后一轮领先后 , 这将为切尔西提供机会 , 甚至最终与默西德的机会 。
the ship auction committee shall be composed of three or five persons , that is , execution officers appointed , as well as auctioneers and surveyors engaged by the maritime court .	船舶拍卖委员会由三或五人组成 , 这是执行官任命 , 以及海事法院的拍卖人员和调查人员 。
yago loaned to bari after sergio bernardo almiron , another bianconero left turin to move to bari . it is young spanish player yago silva falque .	雅图奥在塞吉奥伯纳多·贝尔蒙后借给巴黎 , 另一位班牙球员向巴黎移动 , 这是年轻的西班牙球员 。
the party's sixth plenary of sixteen session made a series of entire and specific arrangements for harmonious culture construction for current and future a period .	党的六十六届会议制作了一系列和谐文化建设和谐文化的整体和整体安排 。
to do this , use the find utility to locate and review all files you've accessed or changed during a certain time period today , yesterday , or at any date or segment of time in the past .	为此 , 使用找到实用程序来定位和审查你在过去一段时间内访问或改变的所有文件 。
based on the submarine soft rock supporting engineering in beizao mine of longkou mining corporation , the physical model tests of interaction of usteel support and roadway were carried out .	根据海底软岩支撑工程在长途矿业北京矿区的潜艇软岩支护工程 , 提出了利用usteel支护和路径互动的物理模型试验 。
methods:cell growth and differentiation were analysed by trypan blue dye exclusion test , 7690 xu fluorescein staining and transmission electric microscopy .	方法:采用trypan蓝染色排泄试验、7690u荧光染色和传输电镜分析细胞生长和分化 。
objective to inquire into the adsorptivity of hcv rna by the inner surface of machinecollected plasma bags and their tubes which were produced , using pvc as main raw material .	目的探讨hcvrna的吸附性 , 采用pvc作为主要原材料 , 探讨hcvrna内表面的吸附性 。
the solidification model of twinroller strip casting is established . the solidification process of strip casting is mathematically simulated by using the finite element software .	建立了双滚带铸件的固化模型 , 利用有限元软件实现带铸件的固化过程 。
the intellectual property rights for all prizewinning works will belong to the mcu r&d division . works will be published in the special 22st mcu literary prize magazine .	所有奖励作品的知识产权将属于mcur&d部门 。 作品将在特殊的22stmcumcu文学奖品杂志上发表 。
for example , evaporation from water surface decreased , relative humidity near to the ground surface increased , sunshine hours reduced and wind speed decreased .	例如 , 从水面的蒸发下降 , 地面的相对湿度增加 , 阳光小时降低和风速降低 。
it is named after wilbur l . scoville , an american scientist who , in 1912 , developed a test to measure levels of capsaicin , the chemical that creates the heat in chilli .	在1912年 , 美国科学家wilburl.scooville被命名为美国科学家 , 在1912年开发了一个测试来测试卡普萨奇素的化学品 , 创造了基里的热量的化学品 。
when blood sugar rises to a certain degree , saturated central issue gastric disorder signal . if all the nutrients , to reduce weight a biscuit products .	当血糖升到某些程度时 , 饱和的中央气体疾病信号 。 如果所有营养物 , 减少一定程度 。
and here , through the mere excitement , i rapped heavily , with a cane which i held in my hand , upon that very portion of the brickwork behind which stood the corpse of the wife of my bosom .	在这里 , 通过仅仅激动 , 我很重兴奋 , 我手中拿着一张笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔记本 , 背后的砖砖作业 , 阻止我老婆的尸体 。
each one of a person’s ten fingers leaves a distinct impression , and the elasticity of skin makes it all but impossible to leave precisely the same fingerprint impression twice .	每一个人的手指都留下不同的印象 , 皮肤弹性使皮肤的弹性变得不可能 , 但不可能正确地留下两倍的指纹印象 。
xiong yumei , deputy director of beijing tourism administration , said , " the booking rate in all starrated hotels in beijing in july increased one percent from may . "	北京旅游管理局副主任熊玉米说: " 7月北京各家星级酒店的评价率增加了一% 。 "
colombia's carbon emissions are relatively low because of plentiful river systems feed enough hydropower generators to supply some 70% of electricity needs . 10 .	哥伦比亚的碳排放相对较低 , 因为大量的水电发电机足够的水电发电机供给了70%的电能需求 。
d latch and d flipflop circuits using floatinggate mos are designed . in order to introduce the application of d flipflop , we design the register and counter by d flipflops .	为了介绍dfliploppppppppppppp应用 , 设计了采用浮动mos的dlatch和dfliplopp流程设计注册和对策 。
fed by the 100plus inches of rain per year that fall in olympic national park , evergreen trees rise above the fog that fills this olympic mountain's valley .	由于每年降雨100英寸的秋季 , 奥林匹克国家公园下降 , 一棵绿树上填满了这座奥运会山谷 。
the superantigen fusion protein cell factor is actually a substitute for the antigen in the prior art , has a targeting function and is a new prospective medicament different from the antigen .	超原融合蛋白质细胞因子实际上是抗原艺术的替代 , 目标功能与抗原不同 。
project management is a carefully planned and organized effort to accomplish a specific onetime effort , for example , construct a building or implement a new computer system .	项目管理是一个小心规划和组织努力完成一个特定的一次努力 , 例如 , 构建一个新的计算机系统 。
the geological cause of the mixed layer and its distributing characters are defined by spore pollen analysis , scanning electron microscope and c14 isotope test in this paper .	本文采用spore污染分析、扫描电子显微镜和c14等位试验确定混合层的地质原因及其分布特征 。
the modern people want to understand correctly three big nutrients , these three big nutrient everybody attention , first controls animalism , along with age increase , decreases progressively .	现代人民希望正确理解三大营养成分 , 这些三大营养都注意 , 第一次控制动物 , 随着年龄的增加 , 逐渐减少 。
dedication to make friends , and friends , the heart of india , the situation tied up , helping hands , sincere cooperation , mutual benefit and create a better tomorrow !	为了让朋友们 , 朋友 , 印度的心 , 情境结束 , 帮助手 , 诚挚合作 , 互相利益 , 明天创造更好 !
china has enlisted pakistani cooperation in quashing potential muslim insurgencies in its farwestern province of xinjiang , bordering pakistan and afghanistan .	中国在新疆、边境巴基斯坦和阿富汗西部的新疆、边境巴基斯坦和阿富汗等地震灾难中加强了巴基斯坦的合作 。
soft start valves are used to throttle the gas flow in roughing lines . they prevent turbulences in piping and containers , particulate contamination in vacuum installations .	软启动阀被用来刺激气体在粗糙线内流动 , 它们防止管道和容器的湍流 , 确定真空安装中的污染 。
food intolerance can also be used to describe a much less welldefined collection of symptoms that some people suffer from on consuming certain foods for which no clear basis is known .	食品容忍也可以用来描述一个较好的症状收集 , 一些人受到消费某些食品的某些食品 , 所以没有明确的基础 。
the boiling point rise of dilute solution in physical chemistry seems to contradict with vapor distillation in experiment of organic chemistry . actually , they are of different principles .	物理化学物理化学的沸点上升似乎与蒸汽蒸馏进行实验 , 实际上它们是不同的原理 。
the deck erection gantry is a specialized equipment for erection of suspension bridge deck segments , it has mainly two forms of winch type and hydraulic lifting type .	锁定运行是悬架桥段的专业设备 , 主要有两种优选型和液压升降型 。
on july 21 , 2005 , premier wen jiabao of the state council met in the great of the people with guyana's prime minister samuel hinds who is paying a working visit to china .	2005年7月21日 , 国务院总理温家宝会见到了贵族首相萨米乌尔在访问中国的工作 。
chapter iii should be natural and the reality of conflict , analyzed and discussed the people's jury selection , training , legal empowerment and supervision of several elements .	第二章应当自然和冲突现实 , 分析和探讨人民陪审选、培训、法律实施和几个元素监督 。
on the basis of this , the paper divides the whole chapter into nine sections , with each section divided into three parts of " original text " , " textual research " , and " interpretations " .	本文在此基础上 , 分别分为九个部分 , 分为 " 原文 " 、 " 文本研究 " 、 " 解释 " 三部分 。
secondly , the scheme scanning exterior environment and the scheme evaluating quantitatively exterior environment of institutes' transformation with efe matrix method are discussed ;	第二 , 讨论了efe矩阵方法的外部环境及其方案进行定量评价 ;
jobs become scarcer and the wallace children begin to realize that their father is a violent monster who daily terrorizes their mother and refuses to feed his children .	乔布斯变得聪明 , 沃尔兰的孩子开始意识到他们的父亲是一个暴力怪物 , 每天恐惧他们的母亲并拒绝喂养他的孩子 。
the second chapter is a detailed explication on the techniques in image creation , effects of special language structures , and formalism in textual arrangement in classical chinese poetry .	第二章详细阐述了特殊语言结构在中国古典诗歌文本安排中的技术、形式主义 。
thirdly , based on theoretical hypotheses of collective identity , the paper classifies the theories of european identity into two perspectives: primordialism and constructivism .	第三 , 根据集体身份理论假设 , 分类欧洲身份的理论 , 分为两个方面:主义和建构主义 。
the influential factors of noise for dimethyl ether engine are studied and analyzed through experiments by using method of combustion noise and effective solutions for noise reduction are found out .	采用燃烧噪声和有效解决方法 , 研究了二甲醚发动机噪声噪声的影响因素 。
skyrocketing food prices have increased attention to the larger challenge of overcoming hunger and malnutrition , the “forgotten” u . n . millennium development goal .	天球攻击食品价格越来越多的重视饥饿和营养的挑战 , " 忘记 " 美国千年发展目标 。
he had been stranded since saturday evening , when he and his 67yearold uncle got into trouble during a hunting expedition and the ice floe on which he was standing broke away .	自周六晚上以来 , 他和67岁的叔叔在狩猎过程中遇到了困难 , 冰浮在他站在那里 。
many kinds of hormone are involved in the regulation of uterine action by autocrine or paracrine fashion , such as oxytocin , prostaglandins and endothelin et al .	许多激素涉及自动化或帕克里恩时尚监管子宫行动 , 例如氧化蛋白、前列腺和内皮素等 。
while pastis had depicted various crocodiles in the strip as early as february 2004 , these crocs were relatively competent and spoke normal english in a normal typeface .	2004年2月早些时候 , 过去的各种鳄鱼被描述为2004年2月早期 , 这些鳄鱼在正常类型的英语相对竞争 , 并在正常的类型上说正常的英语 。
if you can't read the data when you have accessed it , the decryption keys are corrupted , or the server rejects it because the vendor is using its own encryption algorithm .	如果您在访问它时不能读到数据 , 那么解密键被腐败 , 或者服务器拒绝它是因为该服务器使用自己的加密算法 。
he it is who weaves the web of this in evanescent hues of gold and silver , blue and green , and lets peep out through the folds his feet , at whose touch i forget myself .	他是谁穿着金银色和绿色的网络 , 让他穿过他的脚 , 感觉自己忘记自己 。
relying on its favorable conditions of humane resources for tourism , shanxi province is now famous for its compound culture while keen competition among its compounds begins .	山西省人类资源的优势依赖于旅游资源的良好条件 , 目前对其复合物的复合文化作了著名的竞争 。
adults are usually absent in blyton's books , allowing children to be powerful: travelling and cooking for themselves , visiting magic lands or solving mysteries .	成年人通常不在布利顿的书中 , 允许孩子们强有力:旅行和烹饪自身 , 参观魔法的土地或解决神秘 。
a crucial issue for the popularization of high viscous polymer devolatilization process is to develop high efficiency mass transfer apparatus with improved surface renewal rate .	高粘聚合物衍射过程的普遍问题是开发高效质量传输装置 , 提高表面再生率的关键问题 。
this group teaching program had a positive effect on heart attack patients not only for improving knowledge but lowering the degree of uncertainty and depression throughout the disease course .	本组教学项目对心脏病人心脏病人不仅有积极的影响 , 而且在整个疾病过程中降低不确定性和抑郁程度 。
results the recovery and total effective rates were 93 . 3% and 62 . 2% for group of hypertonic saline , and significantly higher than those of ns plus oral prednisone group .	结果总有效率为93.3% , 62.2% , 高于ns增加口腔前分组 , 显著高于ns 。
the game of bingo is an ongong american custom that is encouraged by civic groups , and is condoned by the church as well , in exchange for the needed income the game provides .	bingo的游戏是一家由民间团体鼓励的美国风俗 , 并被教堂交换 , 需要的收入提供 。
box 12: gross weight in kilos should be shown here . other units of measurement e . g . volume or number of items which would indicate exact quantities may be used when customary .	盒12:kilos中的gros重量应该在这里显示 , 其他单元测量e.g.卷或数量表示正确的数量可能在定制时使用 。
crossing over the highway , away from the shenzhen international airport , the port only a dozen kilometers away from guangzhou new baiyun international airport , one hour full speed .	走过高速公路 , 远离深圳国际机场 , 港口仅有十公里远离广州新白云国际机场 , 一小时全球速度 。
with the built of marketing economy system , the rapid development of national economy and enhancement of human living standards , medicine and healthcare industries have been developed rapidly .	随着市场经济体系的发展 , 国民经济的迅速发展 , 人类生活标准、医药和健康行业迅速发展 。
the second floor of the pavilion will be transparent . the pavilion will symbolize the imagination and creativity of hong kong people , said ng hon wing , director of the pavilion .	香港人民的第二楼将是透明的 , 亭台将符号香港人民的想象和创造力 。
sarge explained why he picked me: “a player can have great skills , but his talent won’t mean much if he doesn’t apply himself and get the job done , ” he said .	他说: " 为什么他挑选我: " 玩家可以有很好的技能 , 但是他的才能不意味着他不适用自己并得到工作 。 "
chapter 1 mainly introduces the current export situation of chinese textiles and apparel , especially the new problems arising from the soaring volumes and slumping export prices .	第一章主要介绍中国纺织品出口情况及服装现状 , 尤其是从音量和消耗出口价格的新问题 。
different specifications for heating glassware , but i guarantee the quality of drying , heating system and below the nozzle position , the inclination should be able to easily adjust .	加热玻璃的不同规格 , 但我保证干燥、加热系统的质量和下面的喷嘴位置 , 应该容易调整 。
such different sources as the native americans , rudolph steiner and our friends at findhorn have influenced our learning of the appropriate harmonic role in relation to the earth .	这种不同的来源是当地美国人、俄罗多夫斯坦人和我们的朋友对地球合适的和谐角色的学习有着影响 。
the 23 existing couplets belonging to the mansion house best manifest zhang's wit and humor , his political ambition , attitude and his attachment to hometown and relatives .	二十三个现有的夫妇属于他家乡和亲戚最好的张的妻子和幽默 , 他的政治雄心、态度和他对家乡和亲戚的附属 。
whereas turks tend to be warm and extrovert , your average georgian seems much more selfcontained and reserved – not entirely dissimilar to your average briton , really .	虽然土耳其倾向于温暖和外部 , 你的平均格鲁吉亚似乎更自我包含和储备 , 不相似你平均英国 , 真的不相似 。
displaying its spectrum of shades in an attempt to attract the attention of the less vibrant brown spiders , the creature reveals hues of orange , yellow , green and blue .	显示其光谱在试图吸引少振动棕色蜘蛛的注意力 , 生物显示了橙色、黄色、绿色和蓝色的黄色 。
" i'm not going to go up against guillem if his best investigative report says there is a deal in place playertoclub i believe that , what i think is shameless is calderon , " said hunter .	亨特说: " 如果他最好的调查报告中有一个交易 , 我相信 , 我觉得无耻的是卡尔登 。 "
they see their province as teeming with resources ? fish , forests , minerals and now oil ? that outsiders have profited from , sometimes unfairly , leaving only crumbs behind .	他们看到他们的省 , 像资源老化 ? 鱼 , 森林 , 矿物和现在的石油一样 , 有时候只剩下的石油 。
some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the " peacock effect " of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time .	有些学校已经开始分离一些教训的性别 , 并且说它消除了男孩的 " 桃子效应 " , 并且提供了更等的老师时间 。
in retrospect , kafka was a noble attempt to adapt the complexity of kafka's work to the movies , and it hinted at soderbergh's genre experiments to come .	回顾中 , kafka是一个新颖的尝试适应kafka的作品的复杂性 , 并且它在soderbergh的广告实验中得到了暗示 。
after world war i , henry ford and general motors' alfred sloan moved world manufacture from centuries of craft production led by european firms into the age of mass production .	世界大战后 , 亨利福特和普通汽车的阿尔弗雷德斯隆从几世纪的工艺制造导致欧洲公司进入大众生产的时代 。
professor popkin says american schools also need to improve their nutrition . for example , schools may have vending machellones that offer what many people would consider junk food .	波普金教授表示 , 美国学校也需要提高营养 。 例如 , 学校可以提供多少人会考虑垃圾食品 。
but wga west president patric verrone told the more than 3 , 000 writers in attendance saturday night that the strike would end only after they voted to approve the contract .	然而wga西方总统弗朗尼星期六晚上告诉3 , 000名作家在参加合同之后才会结束 。
amoi is a wellknown domestic mobile phone manufacturing enterprise . because of a8 , a " will dancing " mobile phone , amoi earned much money in 2002 and 2003 .	amoi是一家著名的国内移动电话制造企业 。 由于a8 " 将跳舞 " 移动电话 , 2002年和2003年赚得了很多钱 。
while this may sound inefficient , remember that in most observer situations , each component has a small number of listeners , and insertions and removal are greatly outnumbered by traversals .	虽然这听起来很有效 , 但记住大多数观察器情况下 , 每个组件都有很多听众 , 而且插入和删除很大程度受到横向的影响 。
the belief possesses three characteristics such as the abundant mazu temples , rich poems in praise of mazu and its close relation with the activities of fujian businessmen .	信仰拥有丰富的马祖寺、丰富的诗歌与福建商人活动密切相关的三种特征 。
the website says: " this silicon small sex dolls is our unique design on market in 2016 , sex dolls with hot japanese pure girl , female real sex doll robot for man . "	网站说: " 这个硅小的性行为是2016年市场独特的设计 , 性爱的日本纯女孩 , 女性真正的性恋机器人 。 "
jobs , pi: as time marched on , the moustache made a comeback rumours that he was going to ditch silicon valley for the san fernando valley proved unfounded .	乔布斯:当时3月的时候 , 穆斯塔切做出了一个回归的谣言 , 他将为圣弗南多谷提供无资金的硅谷 。
he lost out but we reckon that , given he got to hang on for lots more films instead of wearing a turban and then getting done in by an 11 yearold , he's probably over it now .	他失去了 , 但我们回答说 , 让他得到了很多电影并不穿城市 , 然后在11岁的时候 , 他也许会穿过它 。
more than 90% of employees in selfgoverning firms , and twothirds in the informedacquiescence category , agreed that " good ideas are readily adopted by my company " .	超过90%的自治公司员工 , 同意 " 良好的想法已经被我公司采取了 。 "
article 102 after placing the subject matter in escrow , the obligor shall timely notify the obligee or his heir or guardian , except where the obligee cannot be located .	第十二条第十二条行政主体事件后 , 除非对象不能定位的地方 , 应当时通知对象或保护人员 。
more earnings from s&p 500 companies and a steady stream of toptier economic indicators will give investors more evidence of the economy's health throughout the week .	s&p500公司的收益越来越多 , 高层经济指标将在整个星期投资更多的证据显示经济的健康 。
the fractal parameters of pore structure are estimated based on the capillary pressure data before and after waterflooding to investigate the effect of waterflooding on variation of pore structure .	基于船舶压力资料预测孔结构的分形参数 , 探讨水流对孔结构变化的影响 。
methods we observed effects of antiarrhythmic agents and synchronized cardioversion treatment of atrial fibrillation in 19 patients with preexcitation syndrome .	方法观察19例急性综合征患者19例心肌纤维化综合征的抗水理药物及同步心脏损伤的效果 。
conclusion both the nickel titanium patella fixation and the adjustable patella fracture reduce device have the satisfactory effect for treatment of patella fracture .	结论nickel钛板固定和可调性帕特拉骨折降低装置对帕特拉骨折的满意性 。
established in 2006 , shenzhen siemax cables technology co . , ltd , is one of the leading suppliers for the " structured communications solutions " in china .	深圳西马克电缆技术有限公司是中国 " 结构通信解决方案 " 的领先供应商之一 。
professionally producing transmission belt , oil seal , mould rubber parts , silicon hose , tensioner for passenger cars , light and heavy duty vehicles .	专业生产传输带、油密封、模具橡胶部件、硅主机、紧张车、轻型、重型汽车 。
this private residence , located in the dongcheng district of beijing , is a traditional " siheyuan " type of residence where the courtyard is the center of the house .	这个私人住宅位于北京东城区的东城区 , 是一座传统的 " 西河 " 类型的住宅 。
the color male money of these dress composed , female money is bold and unrestrained , but the figure that having same heavy and complicated , artistic touch is dyeinthewood .	这些衣服的颜色男性金钱由女性金钱不受限制 , 但有相同的重量和复杂 , 艺术触摸是染色的 。
telecommunications technology co . , ltd . shenzhen peng is a research and development , production , sales and service into a professional led screen manufacturer of digital control information .	深圳市电信技术有限公司是一家专业led屏幕制造商 。
depict the influence on the plant cellular , caused by the added high electrostatic field , by the bimolecular lipid membranes , and deduce the micro principles .	描述了双分子脂肪膜对植物细胞的影响 , 由于增加高电静电场引起的影响 , 导致微粒原理 。
it turns out that the knapsacks were brighter than the polo shirts . the thread color that looked good on the knapsacks was too dark to read on the shirts .	结果表明 , knapsacksack比polo衬衫更明亮 , 线程颜色看起来很好 , 看起来太黑了阅读衬衫 。
article 19 1 the adjusted net capital amount of futures commission merchants shall not be less than 6 percent of the total amount of customer margin account .	第一条调整未来委员会的净资金额不超过6%的客户边账户 。
by the determination of multistyle elastic silk of single or double layer , it shows that the elasticity of the prepared fabrics can all reach medium or low levels .	通过测定单或双层的多层弹性弹性丝的测定 , 表明制备的织物的弹性能都可以达到媒体或低水平 。
the mechanism , structure features of dynamic wave wet scrubber are briefly presented , and its applications in sulfuric acid and compound fertilizer productions are exemplified .	简要介绍了动态波浪湿润橡胶的机理、结构特点 , 并对硫酸和复合肥料生产的应用进行了阐述 。
but despite efforts to step up enforcement , including suspending production last month at a number of battery factories , the government's response remains faltering .	但是尽管努力步骤实施 , 包括上个月在电池工厂的悬架生产 , 但政府的反应仍然不断改变 。
on the basis of analysis , the qingdao port group's overall development strategy is developed . finally , a number of recommendations to enhance the competitiveness of the group are presented .	针对青岛港港口总体发展战略的分析 , 提出了多种建议提高群体竞争力的建议 。
in addition , on the aspect of the sziit supervisor's observation on class performance , the teaching contents are totally different , and the experimental classes' performances are more active .	此外 , 在sziit监督员对类性能的观察方面 , 教学内容完全不同 , 实验类的性能更为活跃 。
ten days later , during the 36th week of gestation , word arrived that a baby had died during or shortly after birth and the parents had agreed to donate the infant's heart .	十天后 , 在第三十六周的孕妇期间 , 单词到了婴儿出生之后 , 父母同意捐婴儿的心脏 。
chief introduction of the company jingu eastro handicraft limited company is a professional enterprise specializing in the production of handicrafts with fully minor ethnic group features .	公司东工艺有限公司的首席介绍是一家专业生产工艺专业化的专业企业 。
there is no need to maintain session affinity at the plugin router level , as session affinities will be taken care of by the odrs when the requests are forwarded on to the application servers .	插件路由器级别没有需要维持会话限制 , 因为会话限制在应用程序服务器上提前的时候需要使用odrs 。
following an investigation into the possibilities of materials including recycled glass , stucco and marble , the architects settled on stone as the best option .	接下来的一项调查 , 包括回收玻璃、ucco和mable建筑师将石头设置为最佳选项 。
yu'ebao , china's most popular internet fund , is an investment service jointly offered by alipay , china's leading online payments provider , and tianhong asset management .	中国最受欢迎的互联网基金 , 是一家共同支付的投资服务 , 中国在线支付提供商和天中资产管理的投资服务 。
underwater gps positioning system includes four parts which are gps differential reference station , gps buoy subsystem , underwater pinger , shipbased data processing and control center .	水下gps定位系统包括四个部分gps微分参考站、gps购买子系统、下水平、基于船舶数据处理和控制中心 。
" i think luxehomes' content is very comprehensive . i particularly like the stories with forwardlooking angles , " says louis ho , a director of centaline's stately homes .	" 我认为luxehomes的内容非常全面 , 我特别喜欢前瞻角度的故事 。 " 路易斯霍说 , 一个中央国家主任 。
results:during the procedure of combined liver and kidney harvesting , 1 right renal vein and 2 left renal arteries were injured , 3 renal perfusion were not satisfied .	结果:对结合肝脏和肾收获过程 , 1右肾静脉和2例左肾动脉受伤 , 3肾灌注不满意 。
a source of electricity consisting of a number of alternating disks of two different metals separated by acidmoistened pads , forming primary cells connected in series .	一种由两种不同金属分离的电源组成 , 由一系列相连的主要细胞组成 。
the letter to the hebrews , one letter of john , he rejects the shepherd of hermas , which is a book that we include in a groupings of writing we call the apostolic fathers .	约翰的一封信给赫布鲁斯 , 约翰的一封信 , 他拒绝了赫马斯的牧羊 , 这是我们所包含的一本我们称为 " postolic的父亲 " 。
in west germany , foreign minister hansdietrich genscher urged moscowto shut all nuclearpower plants similar to the one at chernobyl .	在德国西部 , 外交部长汉斯特里奇基因scher敦促摩斯科托关闭所有核能植物类似于切尔诺贝尔 。
various designs of single stage , double stage and multistage or their combination can be customized accordingly for deferent demands of sterilization , insulation and cooling .	各种单阶段、双阶段和多阶段的设计可根据干扰、绝缘和冷却要求进行定制 。
folders , for example , are a wellknown metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “directories , ” which were used previously in commandline operating systems .	例如 , 文件夹是文件组织的著名隐喻 , 并且它们已经替换了 " 目录 " , 之前在命令行操作系统中使用 。
phonetics , grammar , vocabulary , listening , speaking , reading and writing skills in this stage , to realize breakthrough , to lay the foundation , a habit .	电话 , 语法 , 词汇 , 听 , 讲话 , 读写技能 , 实现突破 , 实现基础、习惯 。
the lack of legal foundation of defense counsel in procedure for review of death sentences leads to the obstacles on operation and guarantee of defense of the counsel .	国防部委员会缺乏法律基金会在审查死刑的程序中进行审查 , 导致国防部门的障碍和保证 。
the results of the experiment indicated that the training system for athletes of speed strength events and groups could lead to a remarkable adaptive change in cardiac shapes and functions .	实验结果表明 , 运动速度运动员的培训系统可能导致心脏形态和功能的显著变化 。
to resolve the large time jitter error of middlelong range action in uwb fuse systems , a novel time system base on crystal frequency division has been proposed .	为了解决uwb混合系统中长范围行为的大时jitter错误 , 提出了一种基于晶频分割的新型时间系统 。
big accounting firms are offering similar increases , according to j . patrick gorman , founder of ifind group , a new yorkbased cpa recruiting firm .	根据纽约cpa招聘公司的创始人j.patrickgorman说 , 大会计公司提供类似的增加 。
in a study involving 2 , 604 residents of hisayama , japan , the researchers examined the association between serum cholesterol level and incidence of gastric cancer .	一项研究涉及2 , 604名日本人 , 研究人员检查了血清胆固醇水平与胃癌发生的关系 。
methods 37 cases who had taken relative exploring sign underwent cholangiography before choledochotomy , and the negative patients would not take choledochus exploration .	方法对37例学校切除术前的相关探索相关标志的患者进行相关探索 , 消极病人不会采取学校探索 。
i have been fortunate to work with hitachi for over 25years starting with delivery of the transilift to hitachi port in 1984 and i am looking forward to the continuation of our relationship .	1984年 , 我曾与hitachi工作过25年 , 开始向hitachi港口交付 , 我期待我们的关系的继续 。
tentatively , this study introduced simple and economical dynamic cone penetrometer and impact soil tester for facilitating the investigation of subgrade and upgrading its quality .	在此基础上 , 介绍了简单、经济动态混凝土试验仪和冲击土壤试验仪 , 促进亚级调查 , 提高其质量 。
aim using the variance matrix of estimated error , positional accuracy can be compared with different mixing together data , it has put forward a kind of basis for system location to select data .	目的利用估计误差的变异矩阵 , 可以与不同混合数据相比 , 提出了一种系统位置定位的方法 。
lccs have benefited from increasing price sensitivity of consumers and business travellers and lower oil prices that have flowed from the global economic malaise .	lccs从增加消费者和商业旅行者的价格敏感性和低油价来自全球经济疟疾 。
these groups are especially vulnerable because they often experience extended survival during which neurocognitive complications of therapy may cause more impairment than the tumor itself .	这些群体尤其脆弱 , 因为他们经常经历在治疗神经认知并发症期间 , 可能导致肿瘤本身的损害更多 。
the simulation experiment shows that the parallel processing method obtains sub linear speedup , and the requirement for real time identification of internal model online is basically satisfied .	仿真实验表明 , 并行处理方法获得子线速度 , 实时识别内在模型的实时性要求基本满足 。
the measles initiative is a collaborative effort of who , unicef , the american red cross , the united states centers for disease control and prevention , and the united nations foundation .	此举措是谁、联合国、美国红十字、美国疾病控制和预防中心的合作努力 。
the paper focuses on the emerging social historical grounds of new realism novels and discusses how the writers direct the contemporary literature development and cognitive strategies .	本文重点研究新现代文学发展与认知策略的新现实主义小说社会历史地位 , 并讨论了当代文学发展与认知策略 。
thirdly , it exposes the corruption of fedual government , which derives from niu xiu " s advanced political thoughts and rough official career . "	第三 , 它暴露了联邦政府腐败 , 来自niu " 先进政治思想和粗糙的官方职业 " 。
companies and enterprises should also pay attention to the mental health of employees and help them relieve pressure through lectures and psychological counseling , wu suggested .	吴建议 , 公司和企业应注重员工心理健康 , 帮助他们通过教学和心理咨询来减少压力 。
through the analysis on phenomenon of big tree into city and the status quo of scenic forest in city , the necessity and urgency of scenic forest protection were expounded .	通过对城市大树现象的分析 , 阐述了城市景观森林的必要性和紧急性 。
adhesive , disintegrating agent and enteric garment to put on weight , with the release of reduced glutathione degree as the optimum prescription of entericcoated .	粘结剂、消毒剂和进口服装放在重量上 , 随着降低葡萄牙离子度的释放作为进口涂料的最佳前提 。
the attitude of magnetic foliation , which clearly suggests the emplacement of the magma in different tectonic units , is consistent with rock shapes and distribution of rock units .	岩石形状与岩石单元分布一致 , 岩石形状和岩石单元的磁化态度明显提示了岩石形状的变化 。
actually dao yin didn't also want to good want to sell , he just wanted to see if they can make any repercussions , dao yin renhui won't inherit his judge the proposal .	实际上 , 丹宁也不想卖好 , 他只是想看看他们能做任何重复的 , 丹仁惠不会继承他的建议 。
spoon into the prepared muffin tin , filling each cup twothirds full . bake in the preheated 190c/375f oven for 2025 minutes , or until golden brown .	将每三分之二的杯全球杯加热到2025分钟 , 或者直到金棕色 。
besides , great importance was attached to the building of teaching and learning atmosphere . ten regulations made by the founder zhiyi ensured good teaching atmosphere .	除此之外 , 建筑教学和学习氛围大气的重要性很重要 。 建筑师齐夷确保了良好的教学氛围 。
this article discusses a serious of problems exposed during the actual operation and application of the internal heat coke oven , analyses the reason and puts forward improvement schemes .	本文讨论了内热炉实际运行过程中存在的问题严重 , 分析了内热炉的原因 , 并提出改进方案 。
objective to investigate the relationship between gliosis , synaptic reorganization and the mechanism of chronic temporal lobe epilepsy induced by kainic acid .	目的探讨肾酸诱导慢性颞叶癫痫的关系 。
to some extent , it is more practical to explain the process of determination by using signal detection theory than holding the ideal hypothesis of regarding the judge as reasonable .	对于某些程度来说 , 利用信号检测理论来解释法官的理想假设 , 更实用的是实际的 。
it is pointed out that , in the case of having radial flexible mechanism , the wear between anti rotation mechanism and scroll wrap exhibits synchronism and self compensation .	指出了辐射柔性机理的情况下 , 抗旋转机理与滚滚包表现同步与自补偿之间的耐磨机理 。
numerical analysis illustrates that the improved genetic algorithm designing is successful in solving highdimension , multiconstrains , and nonlinear uc problem .	数值分析表明 , 改进遗传算法在解决高维、多元应变、非线性核问题中成功地提高了遗传算法 。
the bank manager and other relevant bank personnels should be charged of breach of duty for causing the loss of 17 , 000 yuans . so why aren't they charged ?	银行管理人员和其他相关银行人员应该负责呼吸责任 , 导致17000元的损失 , 所以他们为什么不负责 ?
as a signal molecule , h2o2 derived from polyamine oxidation mediates cell death , the hypersensitive response and the expression of defence genes .	作为一种信号分子 , h2o2来自多胺氧化介导细胞死亡 , 高敏反应和防御基因的表达 。
the offshore oil industry is built with high risks and investment intensified . improper use of operating fluids during development stage may cause reservoir damages .	海外油产业以高风险和投资强化建设 , 促进开发阶段运行流体的不良使用可能导致水库损伤 。
the united states , he argues , needs to partner with iran and turkey to create a " powerful triangle " whose activities would promote a culture of democracy and combat extremism .	他认为 , 美国需要与伊朗和土耳其合作伙伴 , 创造一个强大的三角 " 的活动将促进民主和战争极端主义的文化 。
this was hard to swallow for tunisians proud of the once exemplary educational system nurtured by their first president , habib bourguiba , whom ben ali ousted in 1987 .	这是在1987年被首席哈比布布布布布布布布布布布布布布布·波吉巴的首席实验教育体系的突尼斯人士的骄傲 。
this is not to inhibit full and free expression: this is not to lose spontaneity ; authenticity , and the important sincerity we communicate simultaneously .	这不能抑制全自由表达:这并不会失去自我 ; 身份 , 以及我们同时通信的重要诚信 。
she goes on , " we're electrical engineers , and we really needed more help from ocean engineers , but to get them we needed more funding , and to get more funding we needed to show some success . "	她走了 , " 我们是电工程师 , 我们真正需要更多的帮助海洋工程师的帮助 , 但是我们需要更多的资金 , 获得更多的成功 。 "
“we can put your mom’s picture and her jewelry box right here on top , ”michele said , and kristen felt so lucky to have a family who loved her and wanted to make her happy .	" 我们可以把你的妈妈的照片和她的珠宝盒放在这里 , " 米切尔说 , 克里斯特觉得有那么幸运的家人 , 想让她快乐 。
instead , he thinks yoga helps keep people more in tune with their bodies and eating habits and aware of bad habits , such as eating because of stress , boredom or depression .	相反 , 他认为瑜伽帮助人们更多地用他们的身体吃习惯和意识到坏习惯 , 如由于压力、疲劳或抑郁等 。
volunteers who worked in rooms lit by a lamp with an incandescent light bulb instead of overhead fluorescents solved problems requiring novel thinking more successfully .	那些在房间工作的志愿者在灯光中工作的灯光灯灯泡不要超过荧光解决的问题更成功 。
five loud blasts were reported at gaddafi's bab alaziziya compound , where he had made an address on tuesday night and which had been first attacked on sunday night .	据卡扎菲的巴布阿拉齐亚复合物报道 , 他在周二晚上发出了一个地址 , 并且在周日晚上首次袭击 。
with a certain assumption , we conclude that the relationship between price level , quantity produced and cost parameter is same at both extreme levels of risk avoidance .	随着某些假设 , 我们结论价格水平与成本参数之间的关系与风险避免的极端水平相同 。
the material balance equation for gas reservoir has been used to determine reserves and ogip of gas reservoir , judge its driving type and predict its production performance .	利用气藏材料平衡方程来确定气藏储备和ogip , 判断其驱动类型并预测其生产性能 。
wan hui see tang sugar home happy , tang li and tian xin see tang sugar after come back home , it suggested that put home decorate the home to also can spacious points , everyone to move to villa .	万惠看到唐糖家快乐、唐李和天新看到唐糖回家后 , 建议把家装饰装饰装饰给维拉 , 每个人都搬到维拉 。
the trend in the prosperity of new year films shows that it results from the close relationship between the social and cultural accumulation and the psychological sublimation to the films .	新年电影的繁荣趋势显示 , 它与社会文化积累与心理变化之间的密切关系 。
this program focuses on helping mathematical teachers construct conceptual maps of the development of children's mathematical cognition through education practices and coresearching .	本项目主要通过教育实践和核心搜索来帮助数学教师建设概念地图 。
theaverage of t/es during the whole stages was about 2 . 06 . the maximum of it appeared in flag stage was about 78 , and its minimum appeared in winter was close to zero .	整个阶段的t/e平均平均约为2.06 , 旗阶段的最大值出现在大约78岁 , 冬季的最低出现在零 。
huoshan industrial economy which is called huoshan phenomenon by those who study economy had a sharp rise in this years , though it was a poverty county of national level .	华山工业经济被称为湖山现象 , 今年来经济的经济增长严重 , 虽然它是国家水平的贫穷县 。
that's because the new u . s . military strategy no longer focuses on going after enemy fighters in the mountains , but on winning over afghans in the cities and villages .	这是因为新美国军事战略不再关注在山上敌人战斗后 , 但在城市和村庄赢得了阿富汗 。
in fact , foreign volunteers would like to deliver extemporaneously though they got prepared . and local teachers thought foreigners acted as trainer just for fun .	事实上 , 外国志愿者会喜欢向外国人交付额外尽管他们准备好了 , 但当地的老师认为外国人只是为了有趣的培训者而行 。
vacationer accomodations are a nearby solarpowered hostel , with gardens and wild chickens . but by far , the highlight of the trip is the chance to see the grampians .	假期者是附近的太阳能旅馆 , 花园和野鸡 , 但到目前为止 , 旅行的高光是看到格林匹斯的机会 。
analyzing the function of firingoil tax , the paper discusses the influence of the coming firingoil tax in logistics industry and gives out the relevant countermeasures .	分析了火油税的功能 , 讨论了物流行业未来火油税的影响 , 并给出了相关的对策 。
as ken tucker wrote at the time: ''finally , in his greatest moments of grief and fury , he showed us the most vulnerable , despairing side of the man of action . ''	肯·托克写道: " 最后 , 在他最伟大的时刻 , 他向我们展示了最脆弱的行动的一面 。 "
handsome but also because of the floating children , had to rise in confidence , remembering their home made of silk and lu lin to discuss business , can open a silk line .	还有由于浮动儿童 , 必须在信心上升 , 记住他们的家由丝绸和露林讨论业务 , 可以打开一条丝绸线 。
adding leafy greens to a dish is an easy way to add color , flavor and nutrients , writes martha rose shulman in this week's recipes for health .	将叶绿添加到一个菜单上是添加颜色、味道和营养品的方式 , 本周的健康收入的玛莎玫瑰花 。
from how to conduct yourself as an employee to what's considered competition , it's likely that you'll see something formalized about how the company views social media and your participation in it .	从如何把自己作为一名员工作为考虑到什么竞争的员工 , 你可能会看到公司的观点是如何正式化的 , 以及你的参与 。
the forest is fragrant , damp , and resonant . someone’s distant voice , someone’s protracted call or response reverberates marvelously in the far distant thickets .	森林是折叠、阻尼和谐振 。 有人在远远距离厚度的声音中 , 有人承包的声音或响应 。
mr . jobs , who was treated for pancreatic cancer five years ago , went on medical leave in midjanuary to receive a liver transplant after exhibiting noticeable weight loss .	乔布斯先生在五年前治疗胰腺癌患者 , 在一月中旬接受肝移植后 , 出现通知重量损失 。
this method improves the estimating precision of the point spread function . wiener filter is fabricated for recovering the defocused image based on the defocused point spread function .	该方法提高了点传播函数的估计精度 , 为了恢复重点传播函数的重点图像的重点图像 。
actually , each chapter and each caption formed the integral framework that knowledge of whole horse sagacious nods , this frame basically is build by fundamental rise .	实际上 , 每一章都形成了整个马鞍节点知识的整合框架 , 这框架基本上是由基本上升构建的 。
on this basis , it raises a query optimization model for oql by introducing some query theories of rdb into the query process of oodb , and gives its implement strategy .	在此基础上 , 通过引入一些rdb的查询理论引入oodb查询过程 , 提出了一个查询优化模型 , 并给出其实现策略 。
the men with a genetic tendency toward lower bdnf levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation .	bdnf水平下的男性似乎失去了复杂的任务 , 几乎没有变化的男性几乎双重的任务 。
it is because they are afraid that theprivate employer will cutdown onjobs and many people , especially those whoare used to getting their wageswithout doing any work will lose their jobs .	这是因为他们担心私人雇主将削减jobs和许多人 , 尤其是那些经常获得他们的工资 , 都会失去他们的工作 。
similarly indicative of this seachange in government policy , the chinese government has announced it will to ban shops from giving away free plastic shopping bags , effective from june 2008 .	同样的表明 , 中国政府在政府政策上宣布 , 将从2008年6月免费的塑料购物袋提供禁止商店 。
studying representation method of fusee and small spindle part of the caseandknowledgebased , the described method of objected oriented of geometry feature and process feature information is built .	建立了基于所知的几何特征和过程特征的几何特征对象的几何特征和过程信息的研究表示方法 。
last year , venturecapital firms invested $3 . 5 billion in u . s . alternativeenergy companies , while they invested only $330 million in chinese companies , ms . guzy said .	去年 , 风险资本公司投资35亿美元 , 同时他们只投资33000万美元的中国公司 。
a component of the hals design is the spraycool multiplatform enclosure which enables the electronics to be located near the radar currently mounted on the front of the black hawk .	硬盘设计的组成部分是喷雾冷多平台封闭 , 使电子位于黑帽前部的雷达线附近 。
it is representing the hope of tea person , representing china tea industry will more flourishing , the tea course of study of the motherland is sure to have more brilliant than former days tomorrow !	它代表着茶人希望 , 代表中国茶业将更加丰富 , 母亲研究的茶课程肯定比以前的日子更亮 !
an environmentallyfriendly antirusting coatings has been prepared , based on non toxic calcium phosphite as dominant antirust pigment and phosphates as auxiliary antirust pigment .	制备了一种环境友好的防腐涂料 , 基于非毒性磷脂作为主要抗锈剂和磷酸盐作为辅助剂的抗锈涂料 。
according to the terrain and topographical features , the sandy land in beijing mainly were divided into three types that are mountain ground , the transition zone from hill to plain and plain .	根据地形和地形特征 , 北京沙地主要分为三种类型的山地、山地转移区三种类型 。
the paper also presents the optimization principle of seismic features and the seismic feature optimization method based on gene tic algorithm in porosity prediction with cusi network .	本文还提出了基于基因算法的地震特征优化原理及地震特征优化方法 。
when older adults cannot do the recommended amounts of physical activity due to health conditions , they should be as physically active as their abilities and conditions allow .	当老年成年人不能做到建议由于健康状况所造成的物理活动 , 他们应该像他们的能力和条件一样活跃 。
lukacs exposed universal problems of verdinglichung and alienation in capitalist society from commodity and proved importance of its overall category from the opposite side .	卢卡克斯在资本主义社会中暴露了普遍存在的问题 , 并证明了其整体范畴的重要性 。
fractal dimensions of the 200 biggest intercity bus hubs from 2000 to 2004 were 1 . 4862 to 1 . 5118 , and that is consistent with fractal dimensions of chinese urban system sizes .	2000年至2004年最大的跨市公交车的分形维度是1.4862到1.518 , 这与中国城市系统的分形维度一致 。
this paper tries to explore the phenomenon with the concepts of absolute poverty and relative poverty , and to elaborate this issue with a historical comparison of chinese and british society .	本文试图探讨绝对贫困和相关贫困的现象 , 探讨英国社会的历史比较 。
by the foundation of 2110 safety management mode , the basis of petrochina company limited safety management has become more strengthened and petrochina has achieved remarkable safety performances .	通过2110安全管理模式的基础 , 石油公司有限安全管理的基础已经成为更加强化和石油安全性能的基础 。
then based on the characteristic of reversible counter , fourvalued d flipflop was used as the core component to design fourvalued synchronous reversible counter which has reset function .	然后利用可逆对方特性 , 采用四值dfliplopppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp
the court found ms deng guilty of causing injury with intent but freed her without a sentence on the grounds that a " mood disorder " absolved her of criminal responsibility .	法院发现 , 邓警方引起伤害 , 但在地上没有一句 " 情绪障碍 " 解决了她的刑事责任 。
in addition to representing individuals who have been injured as a result of negligent medical treatment , we also represent the victims of health care fraud and hmo disputes .	除了被伤害的个人外 , 我们还代表了健康护理诈骗和hmo争端的受害者 。
objective: to investigate the feasibility and potential roles of targetcontrolled propofol infusion in combination with enflurane inhalation in the oral and maxillofacial surgery .	目的:探讨目标控制的目标对流感入口服和马克里面手术联合流感入手术的可行性和潜在作用 。
the major findings of this research were listed as follows: the elementary school special education teachers in kaohsiung and pingtung areas were willing to use technology integration ;	本研究的主要研究发现是以下:高中特殊教育教师在高雄和平东地区的基本科技集成 ;
rob patz , kristen stewart and the rest of the gang are already filming the third movie in the twilight series eclipse in canada . eclipse is due out in may 2010 .	罗布帕茨 , 克里斯蒂瓦特和其他的其他人已经拍摄了加拿大的第三部电影 。 eclipse在2010年5月发生 。
article 16 the state science and technology commission shall , jointly with other departments concerned , inspect at regular intervals the new and high technology industries development zones .	第十六条国家科技委员会应当与其他部门关注 , 经常对新技术产业发展区进行检查 。
the influences of managerial culture on employee's work motivations are regarded widely , but there isn't an exercisable framework on relations between culture and work motivations till now .	管理文化对员工工作动机的影响很广泛 , 但在文化与工作动机之间没有一个可锻炼的框架 。
it is tough work for the multinational crew of 30 in this roughandready little boat , prettified below deck with posters of orangutans and sunflowers painted in the toilets .	很艰难的工作是在这条粗糙的小船上30个跨国的工作 , 下面有橙色花和太阳花在厕所画的地方 。
gold has weakened its link to other commodities this year , managing to rise strongly in the first half while oil and copper slipped . this reflects its increasing value as a currency play .	黄金今年减弱了其它商品的联系 , 经营了一半的石油和铜滑动 , 这反映了它的价值 。
they're breaking out of the conventional life pattern go to school , fall in love , get married , buy a house , have babies...instead , they've skipped some steps and added others .	他们从常规生活模式下去 , 爱情下跌 , 买房子...相反 , 他们已经跳了一些步骤 , 加上其他人 。
chained data structure keep hitset by its llength . it does not need to create ancestor nodes , so it can reduce the saving of none hitset and the room of matching the patterns .	链接数据结构由其llength保持冲击 , 它不需要创建祖先节点 , 因此它可以减少没有打击和匹配模式的节省 。
once you're in proper position you need to relax your drawingside arm muscles . remember that this is easiest when your drawwrist is kept straight and forearm muscles are relaxed .	一旦你正确的位置 , 你需要放松你的绘画手臂肌肉 。 记住 , 当你的绘画家保持直线和前臂肌肉时 , 这很容易 。
separately , toyota said monday it has expanded a u . s . service campaign for leaking oil hoses to cover 934 , 000 vehicles with sixcylinder engines .	另外 , 丰田周一表示 , 它已经扩大了美国的服务活动 , 为了泄漏油主机覆盖934 , 000辆车辆 。
but it it requires that i pull out a book to understand more of the topic , or exchange numerous emails with the sender to figure out more details about the problem , i simply do not have the time .	但是它要求我推出一本书来了解更多的主题 , 或者与发送者交换许多电子邮件 , 让我更详细地描述这个问题 , 我只是没有时间 。
in the current issue of natural history , yale professor frank a . beach tells how lower primates can learn to love money ; some even turn into subhuman capitalists .	在当前自然历史的问题中 , 耶鲁教授弗兰克教授告诉原先如何学到爱金钱 , 有些甚至转变成亚uman资本家 。
getting independent news from north korea is extremely rare but china correspondent damian grammaticas has travelled to the border to meet north koreans who have recently escaped .	韩国的独立消息极少见 , 但中国相应的大坝语法学家已经走到边境见到朝鲜最近逃离的朝鲜 。
therefore , in order to ensure to fairly deal with cases of arbitration , national arbitration legislation and civil legislation , all have the system of judicial supervision of arbitral awards .	因此 , 为了确保与仲裁案例相关 , 国家仲裁立法和民事立法相关 , 都有仲裁制度 。
his father , alois , is thought to have been the illegitimate offspring of a maid and a 19yearold jewish man . this would have made the man who inspired the holocaust onequarter jewish .	他的父亲阿洛伊斯认为一直是一个女性和一个19岁的犹太人 , 这将使这个男人激励全球一季的犹太人 。
rights groups say government troops killed at least 41 civilians tuesday throughout syria , including 20 in an assault on the central protest hub of helfaya .	权利组织周二表示 , 政府部队死亡至少41名民事部队在全叙利亚 , 其中包括20名在半亚抗议中心的抗议活动中 。
a local official tells the newspaper that in response to demand , the oneday tour will include a visit to beichuan high school , where students were buried in the rubble .	地方官员告诉报纸 , 要求回应的报纸 , 一天会包括访问北川高中 , 那里学生在垃圾中被埋葬 。
as luck would have it , there happens to be a woman out there named belle with a heart big enough to share with unfortunatelooking people such as the beast , and she's not too bad to look at either .	正如幸运的一样 , 女人在那里有一个名叫贝尔的女人 , 足够大量分享 , 比如兽人 , 她也不太坏观看 。
if only the xmx setting is used , 25% of the xmx value is used for the maximum nursery size , and the size of the nursery is permitted to grow and shrink within that 25% .	如果只使用xmx设置 , 25%的xmx值用于最大护理尺寸 , 而护理尺寸允许在25%内生长和缩短 。
the other is a conflict that america did not seek ; one in which we are joined by 42 other countries including norway in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks .	另一方面是一个冲突 , 美国并没有寻求 , 一个是由42个国家加入的 , 包括挪威努力保护自己和所有国家进一步攻击 。
one dollar store had not open yet , so i went into no frills . its dish detergent was expensive , so i picked up two cups of yogurt and told the cashier gave me some quarters .	一家美元的商店还没有打开 , 所以我没有进入冰箱 , 所以我拿了两杯瑜伽 , 告诉我 。
in the framework of this request , cen and cenelec will develop one or several horizontal standard containing generic requirements applicable to various types of energyrelated products .	在本要求框架下 , cen和cenelec将开发一个或几个级别标准包含各种类型的能源相关产品 。
the method is divided into two working procedures when in the lighting wheel integrated processing , i . e . , the surface cut is a former procedure and the extrusion processing is a latter procedure .	该方法分为光轮集成加工过程中两个工作程序 , 表面切割是前程序 , 挤出处理是后程序 。
blake said that on june 2 there will be both privatesector and government meetings , including the u . s . india business council , which will be holding its 35th annual meeting .	布莱克说 , 在6月2日 , 印度商务委员会将有私人监管会和政府会议 , 其中包括印度商务委员会 , 这将持有35个年会议 。
telemarketers will not be permitted to call any of the numbers on the national donotcall list , unless they already have an existing business relationship with the consumer or individual .	电话市场不允许在国家东京名单上调用任何数字 , 除非他们已经与消费者或个人有现有的商业关系 。
brazil's drought is limited to isolated areas ; with the exception of rio grande do sul and parana , where irreversible damage appears to be widespread throughout the state .	巴西的干旱有限于隔离区域 ; 除了里奥大规模的ul和巴拉那外 , 没有可逆的损伤似乎在全国范围广泛 。
an even more hazardous device , popular in america , was the instantaneous light boxa bottle filled with sulphuric acid into which splints treated with chemicals were dipped .	一个更危险的装置 , 美国流行的美国 , 是用硫酸分离处理化学物质的硫酸填充的瞬时光盒瓶 。
and in the dream she was told by a lady by the name of nice virtures accomplished that some tibetans could also see the contents of the website in the lake just as through a computer monitor screen .	而在梦中 , 她被一位女士告诉了一个很好的病毒名称 , 一些藏人也可以看到湖上网站的内容 , 只是通过计算机监视屏幕来看 。
tacit knowledge is the highly individual knowledge that has accumulated a wealth of experience and can't make a systematic exposition , that is , can be sensed , but not explained in words .	任务知识是高度个人知识 , 积累了丰富的经历 , 无法制造一个系统的暴露 , 可以感觉到 , 但不能在词中解释 。
this type of scenario usually occurs when clevel executives who want to drive business and it change across the enterprise provide proactive sponsorship to aid their strategic agendas .	这种类型的场景通常发生在想驱动业务的cle级行政官时 , 并且通过企业提供积极的赞助来援助他们的策略议程 。
utilising wild country's 'extended eps system' – the 360 offers market leading front , side and rear impact protection , making it one of the safest helmets available .	利用野外国家的 " 扩展式eps系统 " -360提供市场领先、侧面和后面冲击保护 , 使它成为最安全的helmet之一 。
beijing ya wen sheng ya painting art sales center was founded in 1995 , hall established the world's largest artist communitiesbeijing songzhuang artist village .	1995年建立北京艺术界最大的艺术家宋庄艺术家村 。
membership in oaspa is open to both scholar publishers and professional publishing organizations , including university presses and for profit and nonprofit organizations .	澳大利亚大学出版商和专业出版机构开放 , 包括大学出版社和非营利组织 。
these specialists know how to operate the diagnostic and treatment equipment used in that particular branch of medicine , but they are also trained in emergency intervention techniques such as cpr .	这些专家知道如何运行诊断和治疗设备 , 尤其是医药的分支 , 但他们也在紧急干预技术中培训 。
the waterfire tube boiler with threestructure assembling is a new idea of dzl type hot water boilers . twostep series inject technology is applied in this type boiler recently .	三结构组装的水防火管锅炉是最近在本型锅炉中应用的两步注射技术 。
six months later , donations allow a bridge to be built between the two mountains and wawa finally gets to walk to school , wearing the boots his sister wanted to give to him .	六个月后 , 捐款允许两座山之间建立桥梁 , 终于走到学校 , 穿靴子想给他 。
the cold spell in the northwestern cupped both the invasion and retain a subtropical air temperature and humidity , is a typical north to the warm temperate subtropical climate transition .	北西北部的冷散都被侵入和保持亚热带气候变化的亚热带空气温度和湿度 , 是温暖亚热带气候变化的典型北方 。
it is studied further that the dissolubility of the bismuthous sulfide in the solutions of the nonoxidative strong acid through the experiment by means of chemical thermodynamics .	进一步研究了化学热力学实验的非氧化强酸溶解的不溶性 。
this paper analyses the reason , harm and forming process distortion of the rotor winding on the end of turbogenerators with various kinds in frequent cyclic operation and suggests preventive measure .	分析了不同类型的循环操作中转子绕机末端转子的危害、危害和形成过程 , 提出了预防措施 。
mcdonald's spokeswoman told the wall street journal last week the company couldn't rule out the possibility of replacing osi as a supplier over the long term .	mcdonald的发言人上周告诉华尔街日报告说 , 该公司不能规定更换osi的可能性 。
as a rule , the trend will turn up in the middle of the third week and close higher at the end of the third week , the stock only moving 3 weeks against the main trend .	作为一项规则 , 第三周中期的趋势将在第三周内转移 , 并且在第三周末 , 股票只移动3周的主要趋势 。
cla shows a remarkable anticancer effect and offers other nutritional benefits . this paper discusses cla's multiple physiological multifunctionality and its pathogenesis .	克莱斯展示了一种显著的抗癌效果 , 并提供其它营养效益 , 讨论了克拉多生理多功能及其病因的多功能 。
japan's osaka sangyo university released an official apology on june 10 because one employee called the confucius institute a cultural intelligence agency .	日本osakasangyo大学在6月10日发布了官方论坛 , 因为一名员工称孔子学院文化情报机构 。
the first stirrings of a backlash have already been felt about the socalled " olympic lanes " that will whisk 18 , 000 athletes and officials around the capital during the games .	在比赛期间 , 第一场 " 奥运会 " 的运动员和官员已经感到了所谓的 " 奥运会 " 的感觉 。
there was very significant difference in bacteria number between group i and group ii . the efficacy of cleaning hand with xiaodulin was obviously superior to that of washing hand with suds .	组i组与组i组间细菌数量的差异很显著 , 小岛清洗手的效果明显优于洗涤手 。
in a young woman with no physical findings indicating malignancy , the patient should return 3 to 10 days after the next menstruation begins to determine if the lump regresses .	在一个年轻的妇女没有物理的发现显示恶性 , 病人在接下来的男性开始回归3到10天之后 , 病人应该回归3到10天 。
comprehensive randomized controlled spa intervention studies with longer followup periods may be helpful in further delineating the therapeutic efficacy of balneotherapy in as patients .	综合随机控制空间干预研究长期随访期可能有助于进一步描述患者血管治疗效果 。
i understand that in all circumstances during the period of my stay in chinaas a volunteer , the sowers action will not be held liable for any issues or incidents arose out of my other capacities .	我明白 , 在我在中国的所有情况下 , 中国的志愿者留下了一个志愿者的时候 , 解决了任何问题或事故都不会受到责任 。
one of the most handy menu entries in gnome is the connect to server entry in the places menu . this allows the user to connect to nearly any type of server quickly and easily .	gnome中最优秀的菜单之一是服务器进入的连接 , 这允许用户连接到任何类型的服务器快速和易于 。
at the foot of the mountains , international kindergarten attached to sun yatsen university is situated in a pleasant environment with a good view of fabulous sights .	在山脚上 , 国际幼儿园附近太阳大学的国际幼儿园正处于愉悦的环境中 , 景观良好 。
conclusions . use of 3 induced sputum samples was more sensitive than use of 3 gastric washings for diagnosis of tuberculosis in patients who could not expectorate spontaneously .	结论:采用3种诱导的血管样品比无法自发性的3例胃洗涤的敏感性更为敏感 。
his eastern policies mainly focused on alliances with tartars of mongolia , aiming to consolidate its position of power within rus and gain stable status during the fight against the west .	他的东方政策主要集中在蒙古的同盟 , 旨在巩固俄罗斯在战斗中获得稳定的地位 。
we took lots of pictures as we drove through texas , new mexico , arizona , california , nevada , utah , colorado , nebraska , and all the way into minnesota .	我们在德克萨斯、新墨西哥、加州、内瓦达、科罗拉多、尼布拉斯卡和所有的途径中 , 我们带了很多图片 。
but it reflects the fact that , like past world’s fairs , the shanghai expo is intended mainly to impress a domestic audience – well over 90 percent of visitors come from the host country .	但是它反映了过去世界公平的事实 , 上海博览主要是印象国内观众 , 90%的游客来自主国 。
on the day of the marathon i started well , but after half marathon i developed muscle cramps on both legs which caused me to fall on the tarmac , which caused my right knee to be badly bruised .	在马拉松的一天我开始好了 , 但是在半个马拉松之后 , 我在两个腿上开发了肌肉裂纹 , 导致我的右膝很坏 。
two israelis , shai pollicker , a medical engineer , and dr . edy soffer , a prominent gastroenterologist , joined a seattlebased engineering team to help with the design .	以色列两个以色列人、陕波利克博士、医疗工程师和爱德伊·索夫博士 , 加入一个基于satle的工程团队来帮助设计 。
phoebe looks out the window dubiously . “this reminds me of that movie where the family in an rv pulls into a little town and the mutants come out at night and eat them . ”	凤凰看着窗外 , " 这意味着我在rv的家庭里抽进一个小镇 , 晚上吃它们 。 "
based on the implementation of a strategy aimed at technological innovation , china should step up exploration and development in order to secure more reserves and to reduce exposure to oil imports .	根据技术创新的实施 , 中国应该逐步探索和发展 , 以确保更多的储备和降低油进口的暴露 。
witnesses and security camera video of the gunmen built a portrait of them as young men dressed in jeans and trendy tshirts , bearing rucksacks and guns .	目击和安全摄像机视频建立了一个肖像 , 因为年轻男人穿着珍妮和趋势的t恤 , 承受rucksack和枪 。
one generalpurpose eigenvalue routine , a singleshift complex qz algorithm not in linpack or eispack , was developed for all complex and generalized eigenvalue problems .	针对linpack或ispack中单移复杂qz算法 , 开发了一般的概念价值路由 。
in the recent years , researchers have made their studies of european work satisfaction from its relation with work agreement , worktime , marriage and family status , gender and age , and work autonomy .	近年来 , 研究人员从工作协议、工作时间、婚姻和家庭地位、性别和工作自治方面对欧洲工作满意度进行了研究 。
wellheeled shoppers and alfresco diners keep the place busy until late , and if you are looking for a memorable meal or a browse through some of shanghai's more fashionable shops , this is the place .	幸福的购物和自由餐厅保持忙碌直到晚些时尚的地方 , 如果你正在寻找一个可记忆的饭或者一些浏览的上海的一些时尚店 , 这就是上海的地方 。
in order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry , it must combine the body measure , pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production .	为了提高服装制造业生产效率 , 必须结合传统服装制造的身体测量、模式设计和服装生产 。
the related expenses incurred for the transfer of technology will not be qualified as tax deduction items unless the corresponding contract is approved by the relevant authorities .	除非相关机关合同批准相应合同之外 , 技术转移的相关费用将不会作为税收减税项目 。
currently the mixing proportion of shieldmortar usually use orthogonal test , the shortcomings of which lie in the need of lots of experiments and inevitable much waste of time and money .	目前盾牌混合比例通常使用正交测试 , 其中存在很多实验和不可避免的浪费 。
among sugarsweetened beverages , cutting out just 1 serving daily was associated with a weight loss of 1 . 1 pounds at 6 months and 1 . 4 pounds at 18 months .	在糖尿饮料中 , 每天只有1磅服务每天的饮料减少1.1磅 , 在18个月和1.4磅 。
china has very serious disaster of frozen and permafrost , therefore , effective and longterm monitor of frozen and permafrost is significant to provide reference information for potential disaster .	因此 , 中国有很严重的冻结和渗透霜灾害 , 因此 , 冻结长期监测是为潜在灾害提供参考信息 。
the biological features of lycopene , such as molecular structure , metabolism , tissue distribution and its anti cancer function and possible mechanism are reviewed .	综述了分子结构、代谢、组织分布及其抗癌功能及可能的生物学特征 。
results: the direct manifestations included bile duct truncation in 9 cases , irregular eccentrical or endocentric narrow in 9 cases , and irregular filling defect in 1 case .	结果:9例非常规中心或内心狭窄的直接表现包括胆管截断术9例 , 非常规填充缺损1例 。
editra allows you to navigate menus without mousing with its menu mnemonics , automatically checks for updates during startup and allows you to set preferred fonts in your preferences .	编辑器允许你在启动期间无按摩其菜单单单单单单单单单单单元的导航菜单 , 自动检查 , 并允许你在您的优先的字符 。
the simulated high head with large vertical velocity of gravitycurrent , the large velocity of underrun and the dense isentropes in the front are closely consistent with those observed .	模拟高头与重力电路的垂直速度大 , 运行的大速度和前面密度密切相一致 。
proponents of gm foods argue using biotechnology in the production of food products has many benefits: it speeds up the process of breeding plants and animals with desired characteristics ;	gm食品的支持者认为使用生物技术生产的生物技术有很多好处:它加快了种植物和动物的特点 ;
called up for military service , mr . marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the wehrmacht , applying brush and pencil in ukraine , italy , finland and yugoslavia .	马库维亚先生为乌克兰、意大利、芬兰、乌克兰和乌克兰、乌克兰和乌克兰和乌克拉维亚提出了战争 。
the stronger one must drive out the devil with beelzebub , as the saying goes , to present a dose of countermagic in order to neutralize and overcome that which supports established rule .	更强的一个人必须与贝尔兹布布布布布拉开魔鬼 , 正如说话去说 , 为了中性化和克服那些支持的规则 。
it follows that there is an absolute artistic criterion which means that the unique feelings of every individual is empathized by every other individual through images that can't be duplicated .	随后 , 有一个绝对的艺术标准 , 意味着每个人的独特感觉都是通过无法复制的图像来进行的 。
iran said the worm was used to attack computers at its bushehr nuclear reactor . there has been widespread speculation that stuxnet actually damaged the plant , something iran denies .	伊朗说 , 这些虫子被用来攻击电脑 , 在它的buhehr核反应堆 , 已经有很广泛的预测 , 实际上 , 一些伊朗认定的东西 。
compared with chaos shift keying , mdcsk has an advantage that multilevel digital signals can be encrypted , by using multiscroll encryption parameters .	与混沌转移键相比 , mdcsk具有多级数字信号能够加密的优点 , 使用多滚加密参数 。
this paper explores key issues related to innovation in libraries including the nature , the barriers , and the nays to adopt and implement innovative strategies successfully .	本文探讨了有关图书馆创新的关键问题 , 包括自然、障碍以及使用和实现创新策略 。
the code from hsqldbutil . runscripttool was refactored to create a method named launch , which gets the project , main class name and commandline arguments as method parameters .	由hsqldbutil.runscriptool的代码反映了一个名为启动的方法 , 它获得了项目、主类名称和命令行参数 。
russia's twotime olympic pole vault champion and world record holder yelena isinbayeva announced early sunday she is to take an indefinite break from the sport .	俄罗斯的两次奥运会皇冠和世界纪录记录的俄罗斯星期天早些时候宣布她是从运动中获得无限的突破 。
trade secrets law can be regarded as the interests distribution and juristic selections and integration between public interests of the society and the monopoly interests of trade secrets owners .	贸易秘密法可视为社会利益与商务秘密主人之间的利益分配和司法选择和集成 。
taliban fighters appear to have been prepared to blow up large numbers of people in order to assassinate a single target , such as a highranking government official or police chief .	塔利班战斗机似乎已经准备大量的人为了避免单一目标 , 例如高级政府官员或警察首席 。
soft x ray microscopy is a microimaging technique using soft x ray as illuminative source . it fills the gap between optical and electron microscopy .	软x射线显微镜是用软x射线作为光源的微成像技术 , 它填充光学和电子显微镜之间的差距 。
weifang threepower group co . , ltd . is a high and new technology manufacturer , which professionally manufacture tobacco extracts , solanesol and nicotine two big series .	福阳三能集团有限公司是一家高新技术制造商 , 专业生产烟草提取、索兰醇和尼古因两大系列 。
in order to improve the correct rate of eye locating , an algorithm for the refinement of face boundaries and a multilevel eye detection scheme are included in this method .	为了提高眼部位的正确率 , 为了提高面界面精炼和多层眼检测方案 。
abstract : objective oral mucosa irritation and subcutaneous implantation tests were launched to study the histocompatibility of microarc oxidized zrcualag bulk metallic glass .	摘要:采用目标口腔黏膜灌溉试验 , 探讨微卡氧化锌金属玻璃的组织兼容性 。
former arsenal midfielder gilberto has tipped denilson , his successor in the heart of the gunners' midfield , to receive a callup from the brazil national team .	前阿森纳中场吉尔伯托曾在枪手中场的成功者丹尔森 , 接到巴西国家队的一场比赛 。
among the few c . i . a . officials who knew thedetails of the detention and interrogation program , there was a tense debateabout where to draw the line in terms of treatment .	在几个c.i.a.a官员知道拘留和交易计划的详细信息中 , 有一个紧张的辩论机构在处理期限中绘制行 。
the opening titles inform us that in 1860 , after the collapse of the tokugawa dynasty , samurai were left unemployed and wandered the countryside in search of work .	1860年 , 开放的冠军告诉我们 , 萨米亚尼在寻找工作的国家 。
i feel much gratitude and deeply indebted to the grand master for his vision , devotion , dana , and diligence to bring buddhism to the u . s . a . and to all sentient beings .	我感到很激烈 , 深深深深深深地对他的视觉、偏见、丹娜和对美国的佛教带来了佛教的尊敬 。
simon ellson , a security expert for antivirus computer firm norton , emphasised that it's crucial to change passwords frequently and avoid repetitions in them .	西蒙·埃尔森是抗病毒电脑公司诺顿的安全专家 , 强调改变密码频繁并避免重复 。
through experimental measurements , the surface treatment of steel smoke is only 0 . 008 relative reflectance , absorption device can be used as ideal inside coating material .	通过实验测试 , 钢烟表面处理仅为0.008相对反射 , 吸收装置可作为内涂料 。
jing literary school's imagery is a special flay phenomenon in the stage of china traditional culfure's changing into modem culture , and it has a special aesthetic value .	金文学院的形象是中国传统自我改变的特殊扁现象 , 具有特殊的审美价值 。
the feudal provincial system is the original creation of han wudi on the basis of the successful experiences of the systems for supervision and control of the officials in qin and han dynasties .	封建省制度是汉武迪的原创创作基础 , 为秦汉政府监督监督和控制的成功经验 。
after the meeting , another blogger , zhou shuguang , shared his impressions: 'it shows that the u . s . government and beijing have totally different ways of working . in the u . s .	在会议之后 , 周舒广的另一位博客分享他的印象: " 这表明美国政府和北京都有完全不同的工作方式 。
to promote the applications of ferrites in those areas , it is necessary to synthesize monodisperse superparamagnetic nanostructured ferrites particles with high saturation magnetization .	为了促进雌激素在这些领域的应用 , 需要合成单体超临界纳米纳米铁粒子具有高饱和磁化的合成 。
methods examine the 34 patients with ultrasonic b and the mirror for anterior chamber angle , then extractive the foreign body in the anterior chamber angle under the eye speculum .	方法对34例超声b和前室角的镜像进行检查 , 然后在眼下提取外室角的外体 。
malaysian prime minister abdullah badawi is facing calls for his resignation , after his ruling coalition lost critical ground to opposition parties in general elections .	马来西亚总理abdullahbadawi正面对他的辞职的呼吁 , 统治联盟失去了对一般选举中反对党的关键地面 。
in the movie before the rain , the photographer who has gone through the difficulties of war in bosniaherzogovina utters nonsense as he throws away the film which won him an award .	在雨前的电影中 , 那些在波斯尼亚州波斯尼亚维纳的战争中经历过了难度的摄影师 , 因为他扔出电影的时候 , 他赢得了奖项 。
in this paper , the structureactivity relationships and pharmacological properties of the resveratrol derivatives as a potent chemopreventive agent are reviewed and discussed .	本文综述了反热衍生物的结构活性关系及药理性能 。
article 399 agent's obligation to follow instruction ; deviation from instruction the agent shall handle the entrusted affair in accordance with the instruction of the principal .	第三十九条代理人遵循指令的义务 ; 第三十九条代理人应当按照原则处理信任事务 。
since then , our bilateral relations have made remarkable achievements thanks to efforts of both sides . the two countries have had frequent contacts at the top and other levels .	自那以来 , 我们双边关系的成就令双方感谢双方努力 , 两国在顶部和其他水平上有频繁的接触 。
in recent years , radix puerariae powder , whose comprehensive value in use has been improved gradually became significant officinal and raw material for industry production .	近年来 , 拉迪克pueriaepueriae粉的综合价值逐渐提高了工业生产的重要官员和原材料 。
the enlistment of a citizen eligible for enlistment may be deferred if he is the only worker in his family providing its means of substance or if he is a student in a fulltime school .	如果他是家人提供物质的唯一工人 , 或者如果他是一所全职学校的学生 , 那么 , 公民的信仰也许会被剥夺 。
as a result , the thick of branches has great effect on youg trees . it has direct relation with its survival rate , growing conditions as well as commercial rate of young fig trees .	结果 , 分支厚度对青年树有很大的影响 , 与其生存率、生长条件和年轻的商业率有直接关系 。
this study described the quantitative simulation of exciting conduction velocity affection on cardiac rhythm with three dimensions realistic torsoheart geometry models .	本文描述了三维现实的rsohet几何模型激励导速度对心脏节奏的定量模拟 。
two kinds of typical clonal growth architectures , guerilla and phalanx in potaninia mongolica maxim . , which are regarded as the best material in researching clone population .	两种典型的克隆生长架构 , 古拉拉和菲拉克斯在波坦尼亚猴子最大程度上被视为研究克隆人口最好的材料 。
libeskind is the master planner behind the redevelopment of new york's world trade center site , which is expected to face years of delays and significant cost overruns .	利比斯金是纽约世界贸易中心开发的主计划 , 预计面对延迟和重大成本的延迟 。
the glass free ampoule is comprised of a onepiece molded polyethylene or polypropylene unit that remains intact and sealed until activated by the user .	玻璃免费ampole由一个pi模拟的聚乙烯或聚丙烯单元组成 , 直到用户激活到操作 。
aiming at the problems in chinese medicine education at that time , " the letter from five wellknown scholars " was an effort to keep the principal part nature of chinese medicine education .	针对当时中国医学教育的问题 , " 五名著名学者 " 的信件是保持中国医学教育的主要部份 。
joel and rachel hoffman , who had been working for the charity mennonite central committee in the country for four months , suffered minor injuries in the earthquake .	乔尔和拉切尔·霍夫曼在四个月内工作的慈善男性中心委员会工作 , 受到地震的少数伤害 。
compared with that of the world , china's incidence of tooth decay is not high among students of primary and secondary schools . more prominent however , is the lack of its timely treatment .	与此相比 , 中国的牙齿衰竭发生率不高 , 二级学校的学生 , 更突出的是缺乏时间治疗 。
the u . s . population has been growing about 1 percent yearly since 1950 , and nearly 40 percent of that growth is due to foreignborn individuals coming into the united states .	自1950年以来 , 美国人口已经增长了1% , 近40%的增长是因为外国人口来到美国 。
noneuro countries highlighted the damage the european crisis was already doing to their economies and underlined the urgent need for action by the 17nation single currency area .	没有欧洲危机的国家突出了欧洲危机已经做到了经济 , 并且通过17个国家单一货币领域的紧急需求 。
apparent nitrogen digestibility exhibits quadratic curve relationship with dietary ip levels and the highest n digestibility occurs in 18 . 07% ip diet .	18.07%的ip饮食中最高的n消化率 , 显著的氮消化率表现为二次曲线 。
" in addition , gillian also revealed that during the visit , at all shooting off in many films , most enjoy are " beyond our ken " , she even had the film was nominated for best actress golden .	另外 , 吉利亚还揭示在访问期间 , 在许多电影中 , 最喜欢的是 " 超过我们的肯 " , 她甚至有了最好的女演员金 。
rc has always been steadily developing and abided the principle of winwin . in the variational industry and market , they are trying to take on flourishing vigor and a steady ascend .	rc总是稳定发展 , 避免了win的原则 , 在变化行业和市场中 , 他们正试图采取流动维护和稳定的提升 。
other presidents , notably lincoln , were prepared in emergency circumstances to violate the constitution , as when lincoln suspended habeas corpus at the outset of the civil war ;	其他总统林肯在紧急情况下准备违反宪法 , 正如林肯在民间战争中悬挂的哈贝斯公司 ;
american said in the u . s . borrow money on life , the car can not sell because the old lady and filled with goose six " economic crisis " is finally the haze has been wiped out .	美国人在美国借钱在生活中说 , 汽车不能卖掉 , 因为老妇人填满了六个 " 经济危机 " 最终被破坏了 。
we need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother's hip replacement , a father's bypass operation a baby's vaccinations , and even a pet's shots .	我们需要清楚动物研究与一个祖母的hip替换之间的连接 , 父亲的经验是一个婴儿的疫苗 , 甚至一个宠物的射击 。
conclusion:the risk factors for graft failure after pk were corneal vascularization , regraft , aphakia or pseudophakia , presence of anterior or posterior synechia .	结论:pk后移植失败的危险因素是冠状血管化 , 移植 , 假脂肪 , 前期糖尿病或后期糖尿病 。
almost everything in this temple of consumption , including its lavish layouts and the celebrities who now most often adorn its covers , 35 ) hinges on stuff for sale .	几乎所有消费的东西都是消费的 , 包括它的民间布局和现在大多数人常常把其覆盖 , 35 ) 按照销售 。
" virtually every part of the industry , from upstream to downstream , is completely indonesian: the farmers , the factory owners and workers , the distributors , the sellers and the market , " he said .	他说: " 几乎每一部分的工业 , 从上游到下游 , 都是印度尼西亚:农民和工厂、工厂、销售商、销售商和市场 。 "
milan are not dismantling . until today , aside from others who didn't play much , players like emerson and senderos have left , as well as shevchenko and mattioni who haven't been reclaimed .	米兰在今天没有消失 。 除非其他人没有玩得多少 , 比如艾默森和桑德罗这样的玩家都离开了 , 还有那些没有被声明的比赛 。
by analyzing cases of landscape architecture design , the meaning of literature rhetoric which is used for reference is illustrated , such as hyperbole , figuration and symbolization .	通过分析景观建筑设计的案例 , 阐述了应用于参考的文学流程的意义 , 例如超bole、档案和符号化的意义 。
in order to donate pollen to recipient stigmas efficiently , animalpollinated plants have evolved a variety of floral characteristics . pollen presentation schedule is one of them .	为了有效地捐赠受访者的调查 , 动物pollpoined植物已经进化了各种荧光特性 , 调查调查计划是他们之一 。
i admit that i was disappointed to read the uefa motivations after they decided to readmit us to the tournament , but i don't believe that we will encounter any additional obstacle for this reason .	我承认 , 在他们决定读取我们参加比赛之后 , 我不相信我们会遇到任何额外的障碍 。
penny hardaway scored 22 points , including the gamewinning shot with three seconds left , as the orlando magic defeated the defending champion houston rockets 9290 .	潘尼·辛德拉路22分 , 包括3秒左右的比赛赢得射击 , 正如奥兰兰兰多魔术击败了9290球队的防守冠军火箭 。
" people who would otherwise be in cds or ultrasafe assets are taking greater risks , " says martin fridson , global credit strategist , bnp paribas investment partners .	巴黎银行投资伙伴martinfridson说: " 否认在cds或超保险资产的人会采取更大的风险 。 "
one of them is land for unused , which will increase the forest coverage rate 4 . 1 percentage points . waterfront , roads , farmland and other green potential between 1 . 919 . 27 percentage points .	其中一条土地是不寻常的 , 将增加森林覆盖率为4.1% , 前途、农场和其他绿色潜力的1.919.27% 。
in the case of the novelists , the romantic vision tended to express itself in the form hawthorne called the " romance , " a heightened , emotional , and symbolic form of the novel .	在小说的情况下 , 浪漫视野倾向于表现自己称为 " 浪漫、情感、象征形式 " 的形式 。
" the most successful one was the first that was held in houston , texas in 2005 , during which we received more than us$20 million , " lang recalled , " the number exceeded all our expectations . "	" 最成功的是2005年在德克萨斯举行的第一次 , 我们收到了2000万美元 , " 兰回忆道 , " 这个数字超过了我们的期望 。
" really , it's nothing now for me to deal with these small injuries like hamstring or groin strains – i can understand them , " the 26yearold told the official matchday programme .	" 真的 , 现在我不会对我处理这些小伤害 , 比如hamstring或groin应变这样的小伤害 , " 26岁的官方匹配节目告诉他们 。
from aix 5 . 2 , setting n to b or higher changes the memory layout — it no longer uses segments d and f for shared libraries and allows them to be used for native storage or mmapping .	从aix5.2中 , 设置n或更高的更改内存布局-它不再使用分享库和f共享库并允许它们用于本土存储或mapping 。
but now , if we were to fix upon this one aspect of the counter culture — its mystic tendencies and principled funkiness — we would not be doing justice to the deep ambiguity of the movement .	但是如今 , 如果我们在反对文化的一个方面 , 那么它的神秘倾向和原则的功能就不会正义运动的深深的模糊 。
the houston metro system has successfully tested the breathe safe system , which uses ultraviolet germicidal irradiation to kill up to 99 percent of certain types of bacteria .	霍斯顿metro系统已经成功测试了一定类型细菌的呼吸安全系统 , 使用紫外线性的germic辐射杀死9% 。
but although justice souter's dedication and integrity were beyond reproach , his hermetically sealed approach to the job limited his influence on the court and outside of it .	但是 , 虽然司法南方的辩护和完整性超过重复 , 但他的遗传密封方法对法院外部的影响限制了他的影响 。
eat: food rich in this mineral and therefore beneficial for arians to include in their diet are: tomatoes , beans , brown rice , lentils , walnuts , olives and onions .	食物:这种矿物丰富的食物 , 因此有利于亚洲人的饮食是:番茄、豆类、棕色米、柠檬、橄榄和洋葱 。
jennifer li , baidu's finance director , said: " baidu , the chinese music fans , recording artists and the record companies will all benefit from this winwin partnership . "	百度财务总监詹妮弗·李说: " 百度 , 中国音乐迷 , 记录艺术家和记录公司都会从这个赢得合作中获益 。 "
for example , long distance telephone lines were expensive to install , and the first company to do so , a . t . &t . , wound up being the only provider of long distance service in the united states .	例如 , 长距离电话线很昂贵 , 第一家公司在美国唯一的远距离服务提供商 。
taking secondary board market as its researching object , the thesis analyzes the catalogs , characteristics and targets of trading mechanisms by means of theoretical and empirical perspectives .	本文以二级板市场为研究对象 , 通过理论和经验角度分析了交易机制的目标、特点和目标 。
patients in the immune clearance and reactivation phases , with elevated alanine aminotransferase and hbv dna levels , are candidates for antiviral therapy .	免疫清除和反应阶段的患者 , 高氨基氨基酶和hbvdna水平都是抗病毒治疗的候选人 。
at present , the little swan in the fourthclass city , second only to sales of haier , accounted for 13% , it is apparent that the company's future performance will be greatly improved .	目前 , 在第四级城市的小燕子 , 第二个销售海尔 , 占13%以上 , 显然公司未来的表现将很大提高 。
the provisions of subparagraphs 1 , 13 and 19 of paragraph 1 need not apply where an issuer has engaged a securities underwriter to publicly underwrite its ordinary corporate bonds .	订阅1 , 13和19页的订阅规定不需要申请发行证券下面的证券 , 以公开其普通公司债券 。
some things that we have left to do are for example jsp tag library support in gsp , possible support for jpa as a plugin , and improvements to our unit testing infrastructure .	一些我们剩下的事情是为了在gsp中的jsp标签库支持 , 可能支持jpa作为插件 , 提高我们的单元测试基础设施 。
the product which has a rich flavour and buttery texture is traditionally a christmas delicacy in france , though it is eaten more widely in the south of the country throughout the year .	法国拥有丰富的风味和蝴蝶纹理的产品传统上是法国圣诞节美味 , 虽然在整年的南方吃得更广泛 。
again this highlights the importance of decision making , composure and passing ability as the player will need to know when to run with the ball or get rid of it , careful not to be caught on the ball .	再次对决策的重要性 , 组成和传递能力的重要性 , 需要知道在球上运行时 , 或者小心不要在球上被捕 。
“sitting close to the television may not make a child nearsighted , but a child may sit close to the television because he or she is nearsighted and undiagnosed , ” she reports .	她报道: " 坐在电视机上可能不会让孩子们看到近视 , 但一个孩子可能坐在电视机上 , 因为他或她近视和不诊断的情况 。 "
in order to cooperate happily , lou sheng promised to help kushima takahira out of baoding sales channels , to help lou sheng longping island boarded the baoding ruling position .	为了合作快乐 , 路沈承诺帮助克希马塔卡希拉出售渠道 , 帮助路沈长平岛结束了破坏规则 。
the last time such a large ice island formed was in 1962 when the ward hunt ice shelf calved an island . smaller pieces of that chunk became lodged between real islands inside nares strait .	最后一次大冰岛形成于1962年 , 荷兰的冰架在一座岛上 , 更小的一块块块在海岸内的岛屿 。
this article introduces the development and application test of japanese high performance industrial furnaces , such as reheating furnace , heat treatment furnace and smelting furnace etc .	本文介绍了日本高性能工业炉的开发及应用试验 , 如加热炉、热处理炉等 。
if a college degree from a school you never see sounds strange , then consider this: the ou is considered britain’s largest university with over 200 , 000 students enrolled .	如果一所大学生从你从未见过过过的声音陌生 , 那么考虑这是英国最大的大学 , 超过20000多名学生 。
they lack experience and practical knowledge about the real world , " said yang xiaosong , ceo of an exclusive golf club , as his staff cast a keen eye over hopeful applicants .	他们缺乏经验和实践知识 , " 杨小龙说 , ceo的独立高尔夫俱乐部的ceo说 , 他的工作人员在希望申请者的屏幕上打了一眼 。
and , finally , after years of sanctions by the united states and the international community , a much older but equally combative colonel qaddafi was seemingly rehabilitated by the west .	最后 , 美国和国际社区的制裁几年后 , 美国和国际社区的裁决似乎被西方重建 。
conclusion under 37°c and protected from light , the kinetics of no released from snp was significantly influenced by the construction and spatial structure of thiols .	结论在37°c和保护光下 , np无释放的动力学受厚度建筑和空间结构的影响显著 。
all kinds of shortages and regrets of the used motorcycle seatsaddle will be overcome by using " caiyun " special seatcover with the function of solarization and health protection .	利用 " 蔡云 " 特殊座位功能特殊的安全发现 , 各种使用摩托车座位的短缺和遗憾将得到克服 。
this five essential factor conformity forms a system , the science operation can produce the good teaching results , this science operation also is the new time teaching innovation specific measures .	本五个重要因素组成系统 , 科学操作能产生良好的教学结果 , 科学操作也是新时代教学创新的措施 。
after this colossal failure , batch stole the remnants of the forces attached to terror and fled to the outer rim territories in his personal imperialclass star destroyer .	经过这个殖民失败后 , 蝙蝠在个人帝国的星球摧毁者中存储了恐怖和逃到外部的军队 。
from the plm sample , monitor collects the useful information , such as the number of ecr status inquiry transactions in one month , the number of ecrs by status , and so on .	从plm样本中 , 监测器收集了有用的信息 , 例如在一个月内的ecr状态调查事务 , 以及现状的ecr等 。
and jun han joint chiefs of staff chairman of the incident 49 minutes after receiving the report , when he was defense minister kim tae in 52 minutes after receiving the report .	接收报告后 , 韩韩联合会主席在接收报告后49分钟后 , 他在接收报告后被保护部长金泰在52分钟 。
the homebased care team consists of several nurses who jump into a small truck every morning and travel out to the community to tend to the health needs of the truly destitute2 .	基于家庭的护理团队由几个护士组成 , 他们每天早上跳进小卡车 , 走到社区 , 倾向于真正的目的需求 。
the special sprinkling system of the body cleaner realizes the water spray with more than two states , thereby the body cleaning range and the body cleaning degree of the body cleaner are improved .	特殊的清洁体系实现了两个州内水喷雾系统 , 因此体清洗范围和体清洁度提高了身体清洗程度 。
the scene of their arrival at the airport , with an aircraft landing on the runway and their cages taken out of the plane , was broadcast live on japan's public broadcaster nhk .	机场的场景在机场上 , 飞机在跑道上和他们的城市从飞机出来 , 是日本公共广播的nhk 。
her hair , a golden lock of which had escaped , seemed very thick , but was severely concealed beneath an ugly , tight , close , nunlike cap , tied under the chin .	她的头发 , 一个金锁的头发 , 似乎很厚 , 但很严重的隐藏在一个丑陋的、紧紧密的、nunli的帽子下面 。
out of the 150 businesses surveyed , twothirds reported that their groupon promotions were profitable–but the remaining third claimed to have lost money on their groupon experience .	在150家商业调查中 , 两分之一的报告显示他们的团体促销利润不过剩三分之一的声称在他们的团体经验上失去了钱 。
andy: yes . but qatar also can wear their silver medals with immense pride , it is really a dark horse , it beat iran in a nailbiting battle in the other semifinal .	安迪:是的 。 但是卡塔拉也可以穿上银牌 , 它真是一个黑马 , 它在另一个半决赛中打击伊朗 。
some critics , judging the film by its trailers , accused mr . zhang of giving mr . damon a part that should have gone to an asian actor , a practice known as whitewashing .	一些批评家 , 由其追踪者判断电影 , 指责张先生给亚洲演员戴蒙先生提出的一部分应该去亚洲演员 , 一个被称为白色的实践 。
fortunately , concepts like extreme programming and agile development have made it possible to get a lot of these same benefits without an entire team of people whacking on your code .	幸运的是 , 像极端程序和敏捷发展这样的概念 , 使得很多同样的好处并没有一个在代码上取得了完整的团队 。
under the situation that matrix organize , study style organize and nonboundary organize have mushroomed today , our choice ought to be based on the given circumstance and target .	在基于矩阵组织的情况下 , 研究风格组织和非边界组织今天已经突破 , 我们的选择应该是根据给定环境和目标的 。
the flavoring packet contains many spices , pork rib product and dehydrated spring onion . add some flavoring according to different tastes , the noodles will be delicious and fragrant .	香味包含许多香料 , 猪肉rib产品和脱水的春洋葱 。 根据不同的味道添加一些香味 。
this capricious double standard hurts the feelings of both liberals and the han people , and in addition , rides roughshod over academic conscience and distorts the true face of history .	此外 , 这种意识双重标准伤害了两个自由主义和汉人的感觉 , 另外 , 在学术意识上 , 使学术意识变得真正的面临 。
this must never be , never whilst this existence continues ; and when time has enrolled us in the list of the departed , surely this friendship will survive to bear our identity to heaven .	这永远不会是 , 永远不知道这一现存的继续 ; 当时 , 当然这位朋友就会生存在天上 。
those under 36 love social networking via the mobile and expect to pay for it , however , younger adults expect mobile content—especially music and videos—to be free .	然而 , 在36个爱情社交网络中 , 年轻人期待移动内容特别是音乐和视频 , 尤其是自由 。
the input analog signal is sampled at a very high frequency and the difference between two samplings is quantified to get digital signal , i . e . , sigmadelta code .	输入模拟信号在非常高频采样时采样 , 两个样本之间的差别量化得到数字信号、i.e.sigmadelta代码 。
for they are a bit like me , i think , without the altered i always have a successful , the personality is the reality , but i like a shadow , let me here , it is really pages of my mistakes ?	对于我来说 , 我想 , 没有改变我总是有成功的 , 个性是一个阴影 , 让我在这里真的是我的错误吗 ?
after two decades , 95 percent of the elemental mercury on the surface of a filling had gone through a chemical reaction . it became betamercury sulfide , a blackcolored solid .	经过两十年后 , 95%的元素汞通过化学反应得到了化学反应 , 成为黑色固体的硫化物 。
car parks are located in the basement 1 for 18 park positions and there's an electrical room for emergency diesel generator and electrical devises added to four storages in this floor .	汽车公园位于18公园的位置 , 有一间紧急柴油发电机和电器设备在这楼上添加了四个存储设备 。
ustream , the live video streaming service that hit the mainstream recently thanks to a litter of shiba inu puppies , just announced watershed , a new whitelabel streaming video service .	ustream , 生活视频流程服务最近感谢最近一批hiba的学生 , 只是宣布了一个新的白标流视频服务 。
main products:ac socket , circuit breaker , dc jack , digital switch , dip switch , emi filter , fuse holder , hook switch , key switch , micro switch , push swit...	主要产品:acsock、电路断路器、dcjack、数字开关、dip开关、fuslder、钩开关、关键开关、微切换等 。
he has more than 10 years experience in digital media production , working with video , still images and sound . he travels extensively , pursuing longterm projects on social and environment issues .	他有超过10年的数字媒体生产经验 , 工作视频 , 仍然是图像和声音 。 他在社会和环境问题上采购长期的项目 。
its race derived technology based on castrol's racing history and testing experience ensures optimum engine performance giving increased acceleration under the most arduous riding conditions .	基于卡斯托尔的竞赛历史和测试经验 , 确保最佳发动机性能在最艰难的骑程条件下增加加加的最佳加速 。
the national average price for unleaded gas now tops the fourdollaragallon mark . the highest average prices are in states like alaska , california , connecticut and washington state .	国民平均汽油的价格现在是四美元的标志 , 最高的平均价格如阿拉斯加、加州、连接和华盛顿州 。
however , because of the small size of nanosystems the ordinary external field must be viewed as strong field . that makes the conductivity formula considering nonlinear response very important .	然而 , 由于纳米系统的小尺寸必须被视为强领域 , 这使非线性响应非常重要 。
conclusion:a20 gene can protect the h2o2injured endothelial cells , and may pl ay a certain role in the prevention and treatment of diseases related to the ischemiareperfusion .	结论:a20基因可保护h2o2受伤的内皮细胞 , 可能在预防和治疗缺血性扩散的某些方面有一定的作用 。
a method for the determination of 1 , 4dioxane content in alcohol ether sulphates utilizing headspace gas chromatography is discribed . the factor of head space discussed .	讨论了1 , 4-二氧烷含量的测定方法 , 利用头空气相色谱法 , 讨论了头空间的因素 。
so , dress up a warm romantic new home , a warm and overflowing the marriage bed , naturally become a priority among priorities , the traditional department store is on the bed , is so stir a pond .	因此 , 穿着暖暖浪漫的浪漫新家 , 一个温暖的婚姻床 , 自然成为优先的一家 , 传统的部门在床上 , 是如此激烈的池塘 。
with the foundation and increase the frequency of atrial pacing was reduced atrioventricular node conduction is based on the frequency filtering effect of other physiological phenomena to explain .	根据其它生理学现象的频率 , 通过基于其它生理学现象的频率滤波 , 减少了心室节点的频率和增加 。
if you frequently check with particular collections of rules , you might wish to combine them in your own ruleset file , as shown in listing 2 . this rule set imports the basic , naming , and design rules	如果您经常检查特定的规则集合 , 您可能希望在自己的规则文件中结合它们 , 如清单2所示 , 这个规则将基本、名称和设计规则集合起来 。
a policeman escorts a greenpeace member dressed as a whale during a protest march against the special meeting of the international whaling commission in tokyo february 14 , 2007 .	2007年2月14日 , 一名警察员在东京白鲸行动委员会的特殊会议中扮演绿太空会员 。
consolidating the existing foodstuff market could remain long and steady export of foodstuff . using comparative advantage solves the problem of the balance of supply and demand of china's foodstuff .	巩固现有食品市场可持续长、稳定出口 , 利用比较优势解决我国食品供给和需求的问题 。
bridge concrete cracks on the types and causes of railway policy of the provisional construction of high bridge pier cracks in the control and preventive measures were analyzed and summarized .	分析了高桥桥梁混凝土裂缝的类型及原因 , 总结了高桥梁裂缝的控制和预防措施 。
to prevent and resolve traderights groups , the incident must be expanded citizen participation , reform of the governance structure of the industry , the interests of consensusbuilding mechanism .	为了防止和解决贸易者群体 , 必须扩大公民参与 , 改革行业治理结构 , 共同建设机制的利益 。
in addition to the north yin feng all , six absolute being temples , with some strong dwell for rest of high mountain river , the hell exerts drive ten palace gentleman the king divide .	除了北阴凤之外 , 六绝对是寺庙 , 还有一些很强的高山河 , 地狱驱动十宫绅士 。
objective to study the microanatomy of trigeminal ganglion region and clinical value of robot casr2 assisted system in percutaneous controlled radiofrequency rhizomy for trigeminal neuralgia .	目的探讨机器人casr2辅助系统临床临床价值和临床价值 。
shapes and symmetry . go wild . piece together the sticky lines and watch zany picture puzzles come to life while you learn proportion , matching , scale and symmetry .	形状和对称 。 金野一起 , 一起看着坚持的线和观看zany图片 , 当你学习比例、匹配、规模和对称的时候 , 就会出现 。
until oil and gas made it rich , beginning in the 1960s , this tiny , scalding , pancakeflat peninsula scarcely boasted a settled population , let alone a town of any size .	直到石油和气体使它丰富 , 开始于1960年代 , 这个小型、规模小型、胰岛半岛大大小的城镇 。
another view is that mrs thatcher was , as mr cameron now puts it , a " revolutionary but also a gradualist " , who achieved her aims cautiously , often without advertising them in advance .	另外一个观点是 , 由于卡梅隆先生现在把它放在 " 革命主义 " 的时候 , 她的目标通常没有广告他们 。
after his retirement in 1991 , he maintained a low profile , despite being garlanded with awards . he is survived by his wife , the highly acclaimed beijing opera singer jiang ying .	在1991年退休后 , 他保持了一个低档档档档案 , 尽管他还是被他妻子所存的 , 高度声称北京歌手江静 。
the figure was even higher for the world's most popular networking site , facebook , where members spent 20 . 5 billion minutes , up 566 percent from 3 . 1 percent the previous year , according to the study .	据研究显示 , 世界上最受欢迎的网络网站 , facebook的成员花了2050亿分钟 , 上年的56% 。
in a particularly vicious critique of socalled smectymnuus , an anonymous anglican opponent attacked not only these six presbyterian ministers but attacked milton as well .	尤其是一次被称为sctmymuuus的恶意批评 , 匿名anglican对手攻击这些六名预言部长 , 但攻击mlton 。
for an unknown reason , sometime after his promotion to grand admiral , he was situated in the royal palace of theed on the planet naboo where he assisted in the training of elite imperial pilots .	对于一个未知的原因 , 有时候 , 他的推广到大规模的广告之后 , 他坐落在地球宇航员的皇宫殿上 , 他帮助精英皇家飞行员训练 。
banks maintain separate entrances formen and women , starbucks restricts women from its openair balcony and mcdonald's makesmen and women queue separately for its burgers .	银行保持独立的入口形式和女性 , 星巴克限制女性从开放的平衡和麦当劳的女性制造者和女性队伍分别为其手术 。
the electron's going to come out of that highest occupied atomic orbital , that one that's the highest in energy , because that's going to be the at least amount of energy it needs to eject something .	电子的出现最高的原子轨道 , 这是能量最高的 , 因为这将是最高的能量 。
when my love comes and sits by my side , when my body trembles and my eyelids droop , the night darkens , the wind blows out the lamp , and the clouds draw veils over the stars .	当我爱的时候 , 坐在我身边的时候 , 当我身体颤抖的时候 , 我的眼睛滴下来 , 夜暗 , 风吹出灯 , 云在明星上画下 。
" i am here to tell you that being bad is , and hopefully will always be , bad for business in google’s search results , " wrote amit singhal , google fellow , in a blog post .	" 我在这里告诉你这是坏的 , 希望永远会是google的搜索结果 , " 在博客报告中写道 。
shiro nakamura , nissan's chief creative officer , said the studio would “enhance our product competitiveness in china and asia , where the automotive industry continues to see robust growth” .	尼桑的首席创意官shironakamura表示 , 该研究室将 " 提高我们的产品竞争力 , 汽车产业继续看到稳定的增长 " 。
when you use this erm , please carefully break open the ampoule at the neck and pipette 10ml from the ampoule into 250 ml volumetric flask and bring to volume by purified water .	当您使用这只胳膊时 , 请仔细打开颈部和ppette10ml的ampole , 然后从250ml体积平坦 , 通过纯粹的水带来体积 。
" we can no longer see hoards only as piggy banks , " says kevin leahy , an authority on anglosaxon history who was entrusted with the task of cataloging the staffordshire treasure .	" 我们不再能看到皮吉银行的担心 , " 凯文·莱哈伊说 , 一个在格洛萨克逊历史上被信任的任务 。
by analyzing different hyperon decay processes , we derive the general formula for the decay contributions of heavier hyperons to hyperon production rates and finalstate hyperon polarizations .	通过分析不同超元衰退过程的分析 , 推导了重量生产率和最终极极化公式的一般公式 。
most local anaesthetics used clinically are relatively hydrophobic molecules that gain access to their blocking site on the sodium channel by diffusing into or through the cell membrane .	大多数局部麻醉用于临床上使用的是相对水理分子 , 这些分子通过扩散或通过细胞膜来访问它们的阻塞网站 。
the results of 81 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced concrete beams and 66 tests of reinforcementsteel fiber reinforced scc beams are used to determine the coefficients in models .	采用81试验加强钢筋纤维加强混凝土梁和66例加固钢纤维加强sc梁的试验结果来确定模型中的系数 。
the site also uses a custom version of the open source blogging server apache roller weblogger version 4 . 0 . 0 . 12 , mysqltm database server , and memcached .	网站还使用一个自定制版本的开源博客服务器apacheweblogger版本4.0.0.12 , mysqltm数据库服务器 , 以及memscached 。
the bizarre looking 600m tall building , selfsufficient in water and energy , was thought up by belgian designer vincent callebaut and would be based on roosevelt island in new york .	比萨尔看600米高的建筑 , 自足的水和能源 , 被贝尔吉亚设计师维尼·卡尔巴特认为 , 将是根据纽约的罗斯福岛 。
" box " still stick gave albumen of this farinaceous collagen to dissolve the appearance in water , it is better to tell everybody this product and yoghurt drink flavour together .	" 箱子 " 仍然坚持本著名的同事专辑来解决水中的出现 , 更好地告诉每个人这类产品和瑜伽饮料的味道 。
given its effects on nociception and muscle contraction , botulinum appears to be an attractive agent in the prophylaxis against chronic daily headache or tensiontype headache .	鉴于其对慢性日常头疼或紧张型头疼的前列腺炎的鼻部和肌肉承包的影响 。
if these parenting behaviors were placed on a weight scale sidebyside , what would the results be in determining how you fare in building healthy selfesteem vs . low selfesteem in your children ?	如果这些父母的行为放在一个体重规模的侧面 , 那么你怎样确定你在建立健康自尊vs.低自尊度 ?
" he said that the time is the biggest problem , the central authorities to the general principle that local governments have tabled specific criteria , and thus the " classification " can not be evaded .	他说 , 时间是最大的问题 , 中央当局对当地政府有表特定标准 , 因此 " 分类 " 的核心机构不能被忽略 。
this falsecolor image above , of the grand canyon , displays the fractal pattern created by the colorado river over millions of years . red indicates areas of vegetation in the image .	上面的这个假彩色图像显示了由数百万年的科罗拉拉多河创建的分形图像 , 红色的图像显示了植被的区域 。
recently unearthed fossils trace whales to a doglike predecessor of hoofed planteaters , and genetic analysis has identified hippos as whales' closest living relatives .	近年来不地球化石追踪了一条狗类似的狗类预处理器的鲸鱼 , 遗传分析已经确定了鲸类最近的生活关系 。
a threedimensional organization chart built from reinforced concrete , where each classroom or workshop occupies a differentiated volume , allows the acronyms to be seen from the entire yard .	一个三维组织图来自加强混凝土建立的三维组织图 , 每个教室或工作室占有分化的体积 , 允许整个院子看到环境 。
the " philosophical counseling " and " philosophical counseling movement " developed in the late twentieth century are influencing people as an emerging discipline in the age of globalization .	二十世纪末期 " 哲学咨询 " 和 " 哲学咨询运动 " 是影响全球化时代出现的一门课程 。
compared with available envelopes , the standard envelope makes it possible for people to write post codes in standard number mode and for the post office worker to raise letter sorting efficiency .	与可用的封闭相比 , 标准封闭使人们能够在标准号码模式写邮件代码 , 为后续工作人员提高信件排序效率 。
products there are various specifications of water beads , nanyang beads , freshwater pearls , beads , semihole loose beads , 3 / 4 loose pearl beads and finished jewelry .	产品有各种规格的水珠、南阳珠、新鲜水珠、半孔松珠、3/4松珠和完成珠宝 。
the architectural spirit is to improve technique , the ecology , efficiency and economy ore foe responsibility and obligation undertaken by architects in architecture designs .	建筑精神是提高建筑师设计中的生态、效率、经济资产四个责任和责任 。
on the basis of mass borehole data , the paper analyzed middle jurassic coalbearing strata distributing features , coalbearing property , coalforming period in the yining basin .	根据质量波孔数据 , 分析中侏罗煤层分布特征、煤承性、煤承性、煤承性等方面的分析 。
as an example , maximum trajectory optimization was applied on a twostage ballistic missile , and a comparison of original and optimal trajectories was presented with figures and tables .	作为一个例子 , 应用最大轨迹优化方法 , 给出了两阶球道导弹的最大轨迹优化 , 并给出了一种原始和最优轨迹的比较 。
the fundamental reason that this is an open source project , and not a closedsource secret bit of technology , is that we have no interest in being in the business of selling or supporting it .	这是一个开源项目的基本原因 , 而不关闭的资源秘密点 , 就是我们没有兴趣销售或支持它的业务 。
some of the species are flooded and vanished during the flood season . only some tall grasses survive with high tolerance of submergence . the dominant species belong to gramineae and cyperaceae .	一些物种在洪水期间被洪水淹没 , 只有一些高度的草地存活 , 主要的物种属于草原和孢子体 。
and they caught every one his fellow by the head , and thrust his sword in his fellow's side ; so they fell down together: wherefore that place was called helkathhazzurim , which is in gibeon .	于是 , 每个人都被头抓住了他的剑 , 把他的剑放在一起 , 所以他们一起落在一起 , 所以地方叫赫尔卡扎姆 , 这是吉比昂的 。
we describe a consecutive series of patients with unruptured ias treated by a neurosurgeon initiating a dedicated cerebrovascular practice in the " endovascular era . "	我们描述一系列未经破坏的ias患者 , 通过神经外科医生在 " 内血管时代的神经外科手术治疗的神经外科医生 。
the imbalance of public goods supplied by the government for cities and countryside has already become the deepleveled cause which influences narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas .	由政府和农村的公共商品的不平衡已经成为城市和农村区间的深层原因 。
pass rightness and side to pass in and out a bottle of cage pusher driven by hydraulic power hydraulic system to carry on analysis and point out original the hydraulic system existence of problem .	通过权利和侧向传入和出口水力液压系统驱动的水力液压系统 , 指出原有的液压系统存在的问题 。
“foreign critics would look at today’s data and argue for stronger yuan gains , ” said ben simpfendorfer , a hong kongbased economist at royal bank of scotland plc .	" 外国批评家们今天的数据和争论更强元增益的争论 , " 香港基于经济学家在苏格兰皇家银行的一名香港银行的经济学家贝恩说 。
bank of china , for example , says its ratio was a healthy 11 . 6% at the end of september , and that number was lower than those for the other two big four banks whose shares are publicly traded .	例如 , 中国银行的比例说 , 其比例是9月底的健康1.6% , 其他两家大银行比其他两家大银行更低 。
in this paper , we propose a new algorithm based on subaperture and filtered backprojection algorithm to estimate the anisotropy of objects scattering centers in wideaperture imaging .	本文提出了一种基于亚便宜和过滤背投影算法的新算法 , 以估计广泛适应成像中心散射中心的对象散射中心 。
when i was a child growing up in north dakota , my mother cooked bacon for her five children . when it was done , she pulled the hot strips out of the pan and set them on a paper towel to drain .	当我正在北达科塔的一个孩子生长的时候 , 我母亲为她的五个孩子做了烹饪袋 , 她把热带从纸巾里放到纸巾上 。
constraints between rolling section and surface grade in a plan unit and impacts due to temperature of discharging , finishing milling and coiling are considered in the practice in hot rolling factory .	由于在热轧轧厂的热轧轧制、轧制和轧制过程中 , 考虑轧制和表面级之间的约束 。
one $9 billion lawsuit asserts that hsbc twice hired kpmg , an accounting firm , to probe mr madoff , but that the bank failed to act when concerns were raised .	一份9亿美元的法律评估说 , hsbc二次雇佣kpmg , 一个会计公司探讨madof先生 , 但当担心行动时 , 银行未能执行 。
instead of waiting listlessly for news from london or piecing out from his mother's gossip some country tragedy of love and jealousy , here , in a few pages , the whole story was laid before him .	除了等待伦敦的消息 , 还是从他母亲的爱和嫉妒的国家悲剧 , 在这里 , 整个故事在他之前被放弃 。
business for o’hara brothers , he had visited augusta , a hundred miles up the savannah river , and he had traveled inland far enough to visit the old towns westward from that city .	奥哈拉兄弟的业务 , 他曾经访问奥萨塔 , 一百英里的沙瓦纳河 , 他已经走到了远远的西城 。
the investigation and identification results to the virus varieties of pepper virus disease in shaanxi showed that cmv , tmv , pvy , tev and bbwv had been found , part of them are mixinfection .	陕西病毒病毒病毒的调查和鉴定结果表明 , cmv、pv、tev和bbwv的一部分是混合感染 。
lax conditions at the 19th century prison , where one mafia godfather is reported to have celebrated his birthday with champagne and lobster , have earned it the nickname “the grand hotel” .	在19世纪的拉克条件下 , 一位马菲亚神父被报告庆祝他的生日和洛布斯特 , 已经获得了 " 大酒店 " 的名字 。
since the execution of " temporary method of administrating security funds " in 1997 . 11 , our security funds had got rapid development , had obtained the excellent result in short time .	自1997.111年执行 " 暂时管理安全基金 " 的 " 临时方法 , 我国安全基金迅速发展 , 获得了较好的结果 。
a town of western india eastnortheast of bombay . founded in1610 it is near the site of a mausoleum erected by aurangzeb in honor of his empress . population 284607 .	印度东东部的一座城镇 , 成立于1610年 , 位于他皇帝荣誉的马索莱姆地区 。 人口284607 。
in addition to the main course selection , the pony club offers a selection of tapas which reflect mediterranean and seafood influences such as oysters , salmon and prawn fritters .	除了主课程选择之外 , 波尼俱乐部提供了一种反映中海食品影响如奥斯特、萨尔蒙和普朗弗里特等中海食品的选择 。
another witness , yuri , who did not give his last name , told russia’s staterun first channel tv that the shock wave was strong enough to throw him to the floor and blow his hat away .	另一位见证人yuri告诉俄罗斯国家第一通道电视说 , 冲击波很强 , 把他扔到地板上 , 把帽子吹出来 。
israel says its troops only used their pistols after they were attacked , and released a video showing soldiers in riot gear descending from a helicopter into a crowd of men with sticks and clubs .	以色列人说 , 军队在袭击后只使用他们的手枪 , 然后发布一个视频显示军队从直升机中降到一个坚固和俱乐部的人群 。
total 59 japonic rice lines from 9 ecotypes were used as materials in this study , and main quality characters of f1 hybrids of 303 combinations created in a diallel set of cross were analysed .	利用9种生态类型的日本水稻线总59个日本水稻线作为材料 , 分析了303组合的主要品质特征 。
ruth freed , an anthropologist who worked in india , found that indian families living in chandigarh modified their apartments by using curtains to separate the men's and women's spaces .	俄罗斯·弗雷德在印度工作的人物学家 , 发现印度家庭生活在chndigarh的房间用曲线来分离男性和女性的空间 。
in addition to the problem of underinvestment , who’s director of mental health and substance abuse , shekhar saxena , says low and middleincome countries have very few mental health professionals .	除了理解问题外 , 谁是心理健康和物质滥用的主管shekharsaxena说 , 低收入国家有很少的精神健康专业人员 。
for example , the question of the relative merits of programming languages often degenerates into a religious war , because so many programmers identify as x programmers or y programmers .	例如 , 编程语言相对合并的问题通常会变成宗教战争 , 因为许多程序员确定为x程序员或y程序员 。
a white student posing as a study participant makes a racist comment about a black participant when he briefly leaves the room . the remarks ranges from moderate to extreme racial slurs .	白色学生作为一项研究参与者对黑人参与者作了评论 , 他简单地离开房间时 , 显示出来自中等极端种族污染的情况 。
conclusion the suture of only superficial subcutaneous fat as well as putting rubber drainages in the abdominal incision is a simple and effective way to prevent lipoliquefaction for obese patients .	结论腹腔切除术中只有足够的超临床脂肪 , 同时放橡胶排水是防止肥胖患者脂肪水平的有效途径 。
conclusion: body temperature change is an important factor that influences oxygen supply and oxygen demand at different npt , but the cerebral imbalance during rewarming time needs special attention .	结论:体温变化是影响不同npt的氧供氧和氧气需求的重要因素 , 但在温暖时期大脑不均衡的重要因素 。
beijing police are expected to intervene in domestic violence as legislators mull an amendment to the law on protection of the rights and interests of women , beijing daily said saturday .	北京警方预计将在国内暴力中互动 , 作为法律师穆尔将对妇女权利保护和利益保护的规定 。
the results showed that pentosanase improved obviously dough rheology and the processing technology of soybean dietary fiber biscuit . optimal additional range of pentosanase was determined .	研究结果表明 , 大豆饮食纤维胆囊中多糖酶改善了明显的流态和加工工工工艺 , 确定了多糖酶的最佳范围 。
fitch said greek banks' operations in southeast europe and turkey add revenue diversification , but this comes from more volatile economies , some of which also experienced recessionary pressures .	菲特奇说希腊银行在东南欧和土耳其增加收入多样化的运作 , 但这来自更多的挥发经济 , 其中一些经济也经历了衰退压力 。
in river tracing , swimming meets rock climbing and orienteering meets outdoor survival . with so many skills in play , an expedition team is only as strong as its individual members .	在河道追踪中 , 游泳会遇到岩石攀爬和东向会遇到室外幸存 。 很多技能在玩耍中 , 一个例外的团队只像个人成员一样强壮 。
bilberry is a close relative of the blueberry and is known for its dark purple color . bilberry naturally contains anthocyanosides and helps to support healthy eye function .	bilberry是蓝莓密切相关的亲戚 , 被称为黑色紫色 。 bilberry自然包含了异丙酰胺 , 并且有助于支持健康眼功能 。
there's no question about it: microsoft has a hit on its hands with windows 7 . even in beta form , the company's new desktop os is garnering accolades from all corners of the blogosphere .	毫无疑问:微软与windows7.甚至在beta形式上有一个打击 , 该公司的新桌面os正在从博客哲学角度收集 。
tired of canned and predictable answers like " i am a hard worker " and " i am thrilled by the new opportunity to learn " at job interviews ? you should consider asking oddball questions .	" 我是一个艰苦的工人 " 和 " 我被新机会学习 " 的 " 工作面试 " 的时候 , 你应该考虑奇怪的问题 。
fengyou 54 , is a new indica hybrid rice combination , developed by taizhou agricultural research academy of zhejian province and linhai seed station of zhejian province .	冯玉54是浙江省太州农业研究学院和林海市林海种子站开发的新型地区混合水稻组合 。
we're asking the question , taking s2 as given , what s1 maximizes this expression and as the gentleman at the back said , i'm going to differentiate and then i'm going to set the thing equal to 0 .	我们问问问题 , 带s2作为给定 , s1最大化这个表达和绅士说 , 我会分化 , 然后我会设置等于0 。
trying to shift gears from his major , yu spent much of his fourth year in college preparing for the entrance exam for a humanresources graduate degree at renmin university .	试图从他的主要角度转移齿轮 , 玉花了大多数在学校准备进入考试的人力资源学位 。
deficiency is the psychological description is overmuch , can be in action , rub depictions of some more , in addition , can also add environment description , this article will look more vivid .	缺乏是心理描述的过度描述 , 可以更多的行动、rub描述也可以添加环境描述 , 本文将看起来更多的vivivis 。
as a professional cable manufacturer , kingsignal's products mainly serve mobile communication , digital microwave communication , aerospace , multimedia and milit .	作为一家专业电缆制造商 , 国王信号产品主要服务移动通信、数字微波通信、航空、多媒体和军事 。
5 p . m . explore the cultural melting pot of chungking mansions on tsim sha tsui's nathan road , the setting for another wong karwai movie , " chungking express " .	第五章探讨timshasui的海军道路上的春季融化的文化熔融池 , 建立了另一个wongkarwai电影 , " 春季表达 " 。
after treatment , life signs of subjects were stable and the metabolic support was obvious , which indicated:the bioartificial liver support system which we constructed was safe , stable and efficient .	治疗后 , 主体的生活迹象稳定 , 代谢支持显著 , 表明我们构建的生物官方肝支持系统是安全、稳定、有效的 。
similarly , on the left , a lack of visibility into the real metrics that motivates the corporation means that the change effort will never be able to factually prove success to the policy makers .	类似的是 , 在左边 , 缺乏观察到实际上激励公司的真正计划意味着改变努力从未能证明成功的政策制造商 。
a wet phosphoric acid purifying extractor descaling method includes: a first step , using hotwater for soaking and extracting organic solvent in the scale , and then emptying hot water ;	一种湿磷酸净化萃取剂的方法包括:第一步 , 使用热水浸出和提取有机溶剂 , 然后清洗热水 ;
most of our products designs are based on classic lines of antique pieces from 16th century european and other eras , and can be modified and combined to individual client's desire and lifestyle .	大多数产品设计是根据16世纪欧洲及其它eras的经典线路 , 可以修改和结合个体客户的渴望和生活方式 。
cai yuanpei is a great thinker , educator and revolutionary . from his thoughts , words and behaviors , we can know his great mind , a philosopher's character and a great man's demeanor .	蔡元北是一位伟大的思想家、教育家和革命家 。 从他的思想、言行为和行为 , 我们可以知道他的伟大思想 , 哲学家的性格和伟大的男性 。
the advantages of hengshui lake to develop ecotourism are environment , plants , wildlife , history and culture . we must also notice some problems . firstly , pay attention to overall distribution .	河水湖发展生态旅游的优势是环境、植物、野生动物、文化 , 我们也必须注意一些问题 , 首先 , 注重整体分布 。
double strands rna produced posttranscriptional gene silencing technique is being used to alter the relative proportion of the major fatty acids present in oil plants .	采用双带rna生产后描述基因沉积技术 , 改变油厂主要脂肪酸相对比例 。
china continues to be the world's 2nd largest economy in q3 , with the gdp of $1 . 42 trillion , compared with japan's $1 . 37 trillion , people's daily online reported monday .	据《人民日报》报道 , 中国继续成为世界上最大的2nd经济 , 与日本的1.37万亿美元相比 , 中国仍然是世界上最大的经济 。
the national antiterrorism committee says special forces killed 2 militants and detainees and detained rather a third person during a raid in a town on the outskirts of moscow .	民族反恐委员会表示 , 特殊部队杀死了2名军事部队和死亡部队 , 并且在莫斯科郊区的第三个人 。
results a typical pattern of morphological changes of motoneuron apoptosis in the anterior horn of spinal cord was observed by both tunel staining and electron microscopy .	结果采用隧道染色和电子显微镜观察了脊髓前角移骨凋亡的形态变化规律 。
methods: categorize 164 sufferers , carry on rehabilitation education , psychological persuasion talk entertainment activity and various psychology support respectively .	方法:分别对164名患者进行康复教育、心理劝说娱乐活动和各种心理学支持 。
finally , has analyzed zhai yongming the poetry writing life significance , had demonstrated the poet can realize the reason which the feminine angle of view surmounted and its be valuable .	最后 , 分析了赵永明的诗歌写作意义 , 证明了诗歌能实现女性角度的原因 , 以及其价值 。
these banks aggressively peddled loans to the finance ministers of poorer countries suffering from balance of payment difficulties , acute unemployment , and consequent internal unrest .	这些银行积极地向贫困国家财政部长带来了贷款 , 严重失业困难、急性失业和后果的内部不稳定 。
under the infuence of magnetic field , anp can deposit in the target area at large degree , as a result , the density of anp in the nontarget area can be decreased significantly ;	在磁场的影响下 , ap可以在目标范围内存储 , 因此 , 非目标区的密度可明显降低 ;
passes through from the multiple perspectives slow motion playbacking evidence collection , the leeway which styles had already not quibbled , he prepares to the niu card aspect to apologize .	经过多个视角缓慢的运动反馈证据收集 , 风格的路线已经不能迅速 , 他准备准备对niu卡进行对话 。
the main source of water pollution in qujiang river basin comes from domestic wastewater , then nonpoint source pollution is also important , and the water pollution from industry contribute little .	魁江流域水污染主要来源于国内废水 , 然后非点源污染也很重要 , 产业的水污染也很少 。
this paper attempts to seek the cultural root for the militarists' thought on peace by analyzing the influence exerted by confucianism , taoism , mohism and other schools of thinking .	本文试图通过对儒家、道教、穆罕主义等儒家思想的影响 , 寻求军事主义思想的文化根源 。
in the experimental group a repaired tissues represented hyaline , smooth and flat . chondrocytes in the zones of integrating with peripheral native cartilages were more mature .	在实验组中 , 一种修复的组织代表了水平、平滑、平滑、平滑的组织 , 周围土壤的环境细胞比较成熟 。
to investigate the relationship between iop in vertebral body and pulmonary fat embolism , and the relationship between cement injection velocity and pmma leakage into epidural space in pvp .	探讨椎体和肺脂栓塞的iop关系 , 与pvp中水泥注射速度与pmma泄漏的关系 。
troy , mich . , 12 aug . 2007 . bae systems demonstrated a prototype common modular power system at the national defense industrial association's power and energy symposium .	troy , 2007年8月12日.bae系统展示了国家防御工业协会和能源协会的原型模块电力系统 。
a delegation from the stateowned chinese company , china metallurgical group corporation , visited the site of a copper mine in aynak , a former alqaeda stronghold southeast of kabul , in 2007 .	2007年 , 中国冶金集团访问了一家铜矿的地点 , 来自中国国有公司的代表 。
this stateoftheart , fastacting treatment speeds fresher , healthylooking skin cells to the surface with 3 times more of the nonacid skin refinisher of our previous formula .	这种状态远远 , 快速处理速度快速 , 健康的皮肤细胞与前面的3倍以上公式更多的非脂肪皮肤精制剂 。
how cool was the welcome of a tall glass of iced green mint in the shady room , to heads ringing with colors and the cymbals of the sunl outside were the sea and the road burning with dust .	如何冷却是一片高高的冰绿色的玻璃 , 带着颜色的环绕 , 太阳外面的轰炸和尘埃的道路燃烧 。
clinton downplayed reported splits within the libyan rebel movement , and hailed what she said was the first “natoarab alliance” providing military and political support for antigaddafi forces .	克林顿在利比亚反叛运动中发表了报告 , 并且哈利说她是第一个 " 纳塔拉伯联盟 " 提供军事和政治支持 。
by the time of lbj's " great society " etc . , a " liberal " was someone who claimed glory for raiding the treasury and spending other people's money " liberally " to buy votes .	到lbj的 " 伟大的社会 " 等时候 , 一个 " 自由 " 的 " 自由 " 的人声称荣耀筹集财政和支出其他人民币 " 自由 " 的投票 。
created by microsoft cofounder paul allen , who has committed $500 million since its start in 2003 , the allen institute has assembled a lessdetailed human brain atlas of its own .	自2003年开始以来 , 由微软基金组织创建的保罗·艾伦承诺了50000万美元 , 全球学院已经组装了一个较少详细的人类大脑alas 。
" at the end of the day , settlements and peace are two parallel tracks . israel cannot have settlements and peace at the same time , " said negotiator saeb erekat , speaking for the palestinians .	巴勒斯坦人说: " 日底 , 沉降和平是两个平行轨道 。 以色列同时没有定居和平 。 "
" no , " said the old woman , " there is only one way in the world , and it is so difficult that you will never redeem them . you must remain silent for twelve whole years , neither speaking nor laughing .	" 不 , " 老妇人说 , " 世界上只有一个途径 , 而且你永远不会重复他们 , 你一定要在整个年里沉默 , 也不会笑 。
a veritable orgy of artistic fertility , the open goat welcomes all comers to take part in a fully democratic , spontaneous , feverish and potentially lifealtering collective improvisation .	开放的山羊欢迎所有商人参加全民主、自然、热情、潜在的生活改革 。
the chatham house study , released today , says that illegal logging has dropped by between 50 and 75% across cameroon , indonesia and the brazilian amazon over the last decade ;	今天发布的chtham房子研究显示 , 非法的监测已经下降了50%和75%之间 , 印尼和巴西亚亚马逊过去十年 ;
those who take it promise to stay together for better or for worse , for richer or for poorer , in sickness and in health , to honour and to cherish , forsaking all others , until death do us part .	那些承诺一起住在一起更好或更糟糕的人 , 为了更糟糕的或更糟糕的病人 , 在健康方面 , 荣誉和珍惜 , 直到死亡 。
beijing , jan . 17 budapest , 15 midnight local time , xinhua , the hungarian capital budapest , a crowded disco nightclub stampede , killing three women died .	北京17年1月17日 , 15日中晚 , 新华 , 匈牙利首都预算 , 一个拥挤的碟子夜俱乐部 , 杀死三个女性死亡 。
to read more , including information on who can legally represent you if you choose to hire an immigration representative , check out cic’s web pages on immigration representatives .	如果你选择雇佣移民代表的移民代表的移民代表 , 还可以阅读那些法律代表的信息 。
the practice features of marxist philosophy's rejection of metaphysics contains intrinsically the orientation of criticism and construction and is the practical solution to the basic...	马克思主义哲学拒绝隐喻的实践特点 , 内在是批评与建设的方向 , 是对基本的实际解决方案 。
the system studied in this paper not only can show fold and fault , but also can apply gis function . this paper analyzes the data structure of automatic generating geologic profile and fold and fault .	本文研究了自动生成地质概念和故障的数据结构 , 同时也可应用gis函数 。
from a new perspective , the authors put forward a multiple features based analytical approach for remotely sensed imagery to overcome the limitation of the pixelbased analytical approach .	从新视角出发 , 提出了一种基于遥感图像的多特征分析方法 , 克服了基于pixel的分析方法的限制 。
description: society has entered the peak period of automotive growth , car owner in his car to spend more and more time , air pollution from vehicle to endanger people's health can not be ignored .	描述:社会已经进入了汽车增长的峰值时期 , 汽车所有者在车上花费更多的时间 , 从汽车到危险人民的健康不能忽略 。
the dpph radical scavenging activities , the reducing powers , the amount of total phenolic compounds , the inhibitory effect on hydroxyl radical and superoxide anion radical o .	dpph激光扫描活性、降低功率、总磷化合物的含量、抑制羟基基和超氧化物的抑制作用 。
furthermore , cabot has also introduced other advanced products to china , including masterbatch , conductive compound , inkjet colorant , aerogel and specialty drilling fluid .	此外 , 卡波特还介绍了中国先进产品 , 包括主浆、导电化合物、喷墨颜色、气凝胶和特殊钻井液 。
but could a smart grid or precision farming , in which the machines inform each other and make subsequent decisions , significantly reduce energy use and , thus , greenhouse gas pollution ?	但是可以一个智能网格或精确的农场 , 机器通知另一个和做出后续决定 , 显著减少能源使用 , 因此 , 温室气体污染 ?
the task " find and view patient record " may be used by most of the organization , whereas the task " create and update patient record " may be used only by the admission and front desk staff .	任务 " 找到和看病人记录 " 可能是由大多数组织使用的 , 而任务 " 创建和更新病人记录 " 可能只是由承认和前台员工使用 。
the main shortcoming of range finding technique with structural light is that it is unable to obtain the data of points which are sightless by pickup camera or can't be illuminated by light source .	带有结构光的范围发现技术的主要缺点是 , 无法通过采集摄像机获得无视的点数据 , 或者不能被光源映射 。
the file doclet . toc . xml is referenced as being the table of contents for this plugin ; this file will provide the data for the hierarchical information in the left pane of the eclipse help window .	文件dclet.tml被引用为这个插件的内容表 , 这个文件将为eclipse左板上的层级信息提供数据 。
many privacypreserving algorithms for data mining has been proposed including association rules , classification , clustering and so on , but few algorithms are for outlier detection .	针对数据挖掘的许多隐私保护算法 , 包括相关规则、分类、集群等 , 但几种算法是为外观检测 。
they found that when women and men work on a number of simple tasks such as searching for a key or doing easy maths problems at the same time , the women significantly outperformed the men .	他们发现 , 当女性和男性在一个简单的任务上工作时 , 比如搜索关键或做简单的数学问题时 , 女性也显著地表现出男性 。
nor can mr edano count on support from a block of 129 lawmakers , allied to mr ozawa , who voted against mr kan's appointment as party leader last week .	埃德安诺先生不能从129名法律制造商的支持下来支持 , 上周对肯先生的任命投票 。
improved routine immunization: partnerships focused on reducing diseases like polio and measles are also helping build a stronger foundation for the delivery of both new and existing vaccines .	改善路由免疫:合作伙伴关系重点减少警察和措施 , 同时也有助于建立新的和现有疫苗交付更强的基础 。
a spokesman for sierra leonean president ernest bai koroma , who is among the heads of state representing the west african alliance , said gbagbo's exit is nonnegotiable .	gbagbo的出口是非可谈判的国家首席执行官 。
education may not be essential for this career , but you can get a foot in the door while bettering your prospects for advancement with basic training in an automotive and diesel technology program .	教育可能不必为这个职业生涯带来重要 , 但是你可以在门上获得足够的前景 , 更好地与汽车和柴油技术项目的基本培训 。
for the replacement of fitness gold card , please submit this form to the card issuing office through the district leisure services offices or sports centres of this department and pay a fee of $25 .	为了更换健身金牌 , 请通过区休闲服务办公室或运动中心提交卡表格 , 并付25美元 。
dahongpao pepper to " big spike and more grains , meat , thickskinned rich , bright color , rich flavor , taste ma moderate " and has long " chinese name law " reputation .	达中帕胡椒 " 大辣椒 " 、肉、厚厚厚厚厚厚的颜色、丰富的风味、丰富的香味 " 和 " 中国名法 " 的声誉 。
methods: the clinical data and antibiotic resistance of 253 cases of aecb caused by acinetobacter infection from respiratory department of 10 hospitals in tianjin were reviewed .	方法:回顾天津10所医院急性感染的253例acb患者的临床资料和抗生素耐药性 。
in this paper , the principles of hydrophobic surface and drag reduction are outlined . we briefly review the new way and recent progress to prepare such hydrophobic surface .	本文简要介绍了水理表面和降渣原理 , 简要综述了最近水理表面的新途径和最近进展 。
the highly efficient and accurate classification has improved the grindingclassification efficiency of the tertiary grinding , thus raising the runofmine ore throughput of system 321 .	高效率和精确分类已提高超细磨削效率 , 因此提高了321型矿产输入的运行成分 。
i was headhunted by hujiang when i was looking for an " out " to have a flexible schedule for my tobeborn daughter , who is now almost 5 months old . i couldn&rsquo ;	我正在寻找一个 " 出口 " 的时候我被湖江召开了一个灵活的女儿 , 现在几乎5个月的女儿 , 我能和奎索 ;
additional cleaning techniques can include using a needleless plastic syringe to vigorously wash the tooth with moderately pressured water or to softly wash it with hydrogen peroxide .	另外 , 清洗工艺可以使用无针塑料标志来清洗牙齿 , 还可以用中压水或软洗 。
professors with dollar signs in their eyes are always announcing the birth of the latest revolutionary management technique or the discovery of the hottest new “supercorp” .	目前的美元标志教授总是宣布最新的革命管理技术或最热新的 " 吸烟机 " 的发现 。
tuesday's swoon has been dramatic , coming after a report showing u . s . manufacturing in august returned to expansion for the first time in more than a yearandahalf . for details see .	周二的soon在一份报告显示 , 美国在8月回到8月第一次扩展的报告之后 , 来自美国制造业 。
architecture is the most optimistic of professions , ' says mary comerio , chair of the architecture department at the university of california at berkeley , where there was a 40 percent uptick .	伯克利亚大学的建筑师maryoprio说: " 建筑部主席maryoprio说 , 在这里有40%的上升 。
the designs were drawn up by the french architect jacques rougerie , a veteran of waterbased construction projects , and have been backed by the united nations cultural agency unesco .	该设计由法国建筑师rougerie拍摄 , 一个基于水的建筑工程的船长 , 并已被联合国文化机构unco支持 。
it’s an openair loft space , with the four founders at desks in the middle of a phalanx of young men staring at screens . the four are sam yagan , the c . e . o . ;	这是一个开放式的左翼空间 , 四个年轻男子站在屏幕上 , 四个是samyagan ;
firstly , the paper introduces the conception , theory and mathematical model of the array antenna . serval algorithms of adaptive beamforming and doa are analyzed using matlab software .	首先介绍了阵列天线的概念、理论和数学模型 , 利用matlab软件对自适应梁形成和da的服务器算法进行了分析 。
two duracors and one duramar unit are specified as part of the communications equipment package for each lcs unmanned surface vehicle being developed to carry out these warfare missions .	两个双臂单元被指定为每个lcs无人工表面车辆的通信设备包装的一部分 。
later , lartigue donated all his negatives , albums , cameras and personal diaries to the french state , and from these photos and texts , we discover the story of an extraordinary and elegant life .	后来 , 律师捐赠了所有的负面、专辑、摄像机和个人diar , 从这些照片和文本中找到了一个外部和优雅生活的故事 。
at altitude , the air pressure is lower , and so are aerodynamic effects such as drag and lift , ultimately causing balls to travel faster and straighter than they would at lower altitude .	空气压降低 , 所以气动力学效果如拖拉和抬升 , 最终导致球速度快 , 直径比较低 。
world stocks , measured by msci , hit a 51/2 week high this week , moving close to a breakeven point for the year as investors put tens of billions of dollars worth of cash to work .	世界股票 , 由msci测量 , 本周高达51/2周 , 随着投资者把数十亿美元的现金转移到一年 。
allaround introduction and specific analysis are made about the notion and structure , selection , organization and presentation of content , compilation of students' exercises and teachers' manual .	全地介绍和具体的分析是关于学生运动和教师手册的概念、选择、组织和展示 。
if you are just too exhausted to leave the confines of the house , unplug the phone , lock the door , batten down the hatches and spend the entire weekend at home , doing absolutely nothing .	如果你太高兴离开房子的限制 , 没有插电话 , 锁住门 , 把整个星期末都放在家里 , 完全没有什么 。
like the liao , an earlier inner asian dynasty , the juchen maintained a chinesestyle bureaucracy to rule over the southern part of their conquests and a tribal state to rule in inner asia .	就像辽初期亚洲内部的一样 , 犹太人保持了一个中国风格的官员来规定他们的后果和一个部落状态 。
for me , it feels like you are dealing with familiarities such as cooking a lentil dish in mdardara , as well as a feeling of strangeness in familiar surroundings , such as tokyo tonight .	对于我来说 , 它感觉你正在处理熟悉的熟悉 , 比如在马达达拉烹饪一条柠檬菜 , 以及在熟悉周围的陌生感觉 , 比如东京 。
with the forest canopy closure increase , the average high and diameter also increase , but the numbers of unit area is reduced . and the distribution of update saplings changes from mission to uniform .	随着森林可靠性的增加 , 平均高和直径也增加 , 但单位面积的数量减少 , 更新的采样变化从任务到均匀 。
the products do not contain any natural latex components on human skin allergic reactions , nontoxic , harmless , tasteless , left and right gm , pull a good , durable , and good adhesion .	产品不包含人皮肤异常反应、无毒、无毒、无毒、无味、左右gm的任何天然层成分 , 可耐用 , 良好的粘附 。
carmelita montiel , a twentyyearold virgin , had just bathed in orangeblossom water and was strewing rosemary leaves on pilar ternera's bed when the shot rang out .	二十岁的蒙特尔 , 一个二十岁的弗吉斯 , 只是在橙色的水里洗澡 , 正在把玫瑰留在皮尔内拉的床上 。
we use such tools here at @toprank to grow own twitter presence as well as for clients on a daily basis and have learned quite a bit about twitter best practices and which tools work best .	我们在这里使用这样的工具 , @toprank生长自己的twitter存在 , 以及每天的基础上的客户都学到了twitter最好的实践和工具最好的工作 。
cancer vaccines can generate specific immune response to get goals of treatment mainly through activate the tumorresistant antigen , especially antitumor specific antigen .	癌症疫苗可以产生特异的免疫反应 , 主要通过活化肿瘤抗原 , 尤其是抗肿瘤特异的抗肿瘤 。
a host of lifechanging inventions , from icecream cones and bottled water to electric lights , automobiles and aeroplanes were brought to public attention through successive expos .	本发明从冰淇淋和瓶水到电灯、汽车和航天器都带来了公众关注 。
si published his accusations late last month on the new threads website , which is famous among china's research community for exposing pseudoscience and academic misconduct .	上个月晚些时候 , 西发表了他的指责 , 这是中国研究社区对伪科学和学术误导的著名社区之一 。
hcvspecific cd8 tcell response was readily detectable in acutely hcvinfected patients regardless of virologic outcome or virusspecific cd4 tcell response .	hcv特异的cd8t细胞反应已经在急性hccvin感染患者中被检测 , 不管病毒特定cd4t细胞反应或病毒特异性cd4t细胞 。
i am also thankful to mr bruce lee's family for their wholehearted support . mr lee's widow , linda , personally helped prepare a layout plan of the former residence for our reference .	我也感谢布鲁斯·李先生的家庭为他们的全心支持 。 李先生的窗户林达先生 , 个人帮助我们准备一套我们的参考的布局计划 。
shin's previous solo efforts include the 2005 cover album " special thanks to...best selection " and later " tired " , but his latest hit , " it's me " marks shin's first proper album as a solo artist .	shin先前的索洛努力包括2005年的专辑感谢...最特殊的选择 " 和后来 " 疲倦 " , 但他最新的打击 " 标志shin的第一张专辑如此 。
in some major u . s . cities , sports moguls have wrested steep concessions from local governments as the price for building new palaces for their football , basketball , hockey and baseball franchises .	在一些主要的美国城市中 , 运动模块已经从当地政府中获得了稳定的衰退 , 作为他们的足球、篮球、篮球和篮球的价格建立新的宫殿 。
since porcelain is ceramic , and therefore glasslike , its surface is smooth and impervious and unlike older bonding materials , it will not be stained coffee , tea , red wine or cigarette smoking .	由于porcelain是陶瓷 , 所以玻璃类似 , 它的表面平滑 , 不像老债券材料一样 , 它不会染咖啡 , 茶 , 红酒或烟烟 。
carla van tiggelen designe is an international purchaser from australia , need to buy products of textile raw materials and fabrics , furniture , home textiles , gift , ceramics , adornment etc . categories .	卡拉范泰格林设计是澳大利亚国际采购商 , 需要购买纺织材料和织物、家具、家具、礼品、陶瓷等产品 。
the absolute growth of the head weight , forelimb weight , hind limb weight , body length , forelimb length , hind limb length , shin length and the third toe length showed a pattern of normal distribution .	头重的绝对增长、前肢体重、身体长、前肢长、后肢肢长、后肢长、后肢长、刷长、第三个脚长呈现正常分布模式 。
there’s an old “northsouth” divide partly at work with the netherlands , luxembourg , and germany critical of spain , italy , and greece – in what appear to be old cultural stereotypes playing out .	在西班牙、意大利、意大利和希腊的时候 , 有一个旧 " 南南 " 的部分与荷兰、卢克姆堡和德国关键的西班牙、意大利和希腊似乎是老文化史蒂文化的演出 。
the welcome ceremony was also attended by wang qishan , ling jihua , wang huning , dai bingguo , u . s . vice president joe biden , secretary of state hillary clinton and other accompanying staff .	欢迎仪式同时参加王启山、林锦华、王建华、美国副总统乔布登、国务卿克林顿等陪伴工作人员 。
laing's thought chanllenged traditional views of psychiatric treatment , evoked people to query those basic hypotheses that ruled their lives and thoughts , left his mark on psychiatric practice .	兰明的思想挑战了传统心理治疗的传统观点 , 让人们查询这些基本假设 , 规定自己的生活和思想 , 离开心理实践的标志 。
milan leandro grimi on the official site of siena speaks about the next league against milan: " yes its a bit strange for me to play against milan , but now i am at siena and want to win this game . "	米兰·莱德罗·格里姆尼在西娜官方网站上讲话了对米兰的下一场比赛: " 是的 , 我现在在西娜和想赢得这场比赛 。 "
test showed that , the model derived from 2year before st by pca had a forecast accuracy of 95 . 8% for internal samples and 93 . 3% for external samples , while the one by modified method 97 . 5% and 90 . 0% ;	试验结果表明 , 在stca前的2年期 , pca的模型预测精度为95.8% , 内样本和93.3% , 同时通过改进方法97.5%和90% ;
" this budget adds more debt to our country's future than all of the debt from 1789 , when george washington was president , through franklin roosevelt and lyndon johnson and george w . bush , " he said .	乔治华盛顿总统弗兰克林·罗斯福和林顿乔治·布什说: " 这项预算比1789年所有债务增加了更多债务 。 "
o mighty armed one , seeing your magnificent form of manifold faces and eyes , manifold arms , legs and feet , manifold stomachs and manifold terrifying teeth ; all the planets tremble in fear and so do i .	可能有一只手臂 , 看看你的巨大形式的表现面和眼睛 , 手臂 , 腿和脚 , 手足的胃部和表现的恐惧 , 所有的行星都在恐惧和这样做 。
it also has highlevel teachers all of whom have diploma degrees , including one with the national key teacher title , two with the beijing key teachers titles , six with xicheng key teachers titles .	它还拥有高级老师所有的外交学位 , 包括一位与国家关键教师名称 , 两名与北京关键教师名称 , 六名与西城关键教师名称 。
the macro velocity model used for describing vti media is consistent with current velocity estimation method , and can simultaneously accommodate the isotropy , weak anisotropy and strong anisotropy .	描述vti媒体的宏观速度模型与当前速度估计方法相一致 , 可同时适应isotropy、弱isotropy和强烈的isotropy 。
therefore , any changes in expression levels or activity of ptp1b relative to the ir could affect insulin signaling and possibly contribute to the insulin resistance observed in type ii diabetes .	因此 , ptp1b与ir相关的表达水平或活性变化可能影响胰岛素签名 , 可能对i型糖尿病患者的胰岛素抵抗活性的贡献 。
britain's chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling poses with his ministerial red dispatch box as he leaves 11 downing street , en route to delivering the annual budget to the house of commons .	英国队长阿里斯坦·达林与他的部长红色发射箱一起拥有 , 因为他离开11号下街 , 路径将年度预算交给普通的房子 。
the killing activity of nk cells and the proliferation rate of spleen cells were tested by mtt assay , and t cell subgroupcd4+ , cd8+ were tested by the indirect immune fluorescent assay .	通过mtt检测了nk细胞杀死活率和脾细胞增殖率的增殖率 , 通过直接免疫荧光法测定了t细胞亚群体 , cd8+ 。
bamboo garden mighty yanlord house house , authentic lake a good room , all fully equipped highend furniture , all gifts , the landlord benevolent kind , good communication , the rich noble gas .	竹花园可能是燕龙房子 , 真正的湖泊 , 全部设备高端家具 , 所有的礼物 , 都有良好的沟通 , 丰富的气体 。
in sperm and oocyte , it is proved that the calcium signals have great roles in series of complicated processes: capacitation , acrosome reaction , oocyte maturation , fertilization , embryo cleavage etc .	在精子和卵巢中 , 钙信号在一系列复杂过程中具有很大的作用:容量、周围反应、卵母成熟、胚胎干燥等特点 。
nangong selection of quality smoked pork dish , and add the proportion of fresh eggs , pure mungbean starch , ginger and small grinding sesame oil , stirring into a porridgelike , poured into casings .	南东选择的质量吸烟猪肉菜 , 添加新鲜鸡蛋比例 , 纯蘑菇淀粉 , 姜和小颗粒芝麻油 , 搅拌进粉碎 。
the elections in tunisia and the dramatic demise of former libyan leader muammar alqaddafi have pushed the allegations of an iransponsored plot to assassinate the saudi envoy to washington on u .	突尼西亚的选举和前利比亚领导人穆加达菲的戏剧贬值已经推动伊朗赞助的情景 , 以避免苏丹对华盛顿的启示 。
ics bbtv is a brand new broadband tv client developed by shanghai media group broadband co . ltd and ics , which enables people watching copyrighted programs of ics , both live and vod , for free .	icsbbtv是上海媒体广带有限公司和ics公司开发的新广带电视台 , 使人们看到ic、生活和vod的复制程序 。
a town of northern ethiopia south of asmara . emperor menelik ii decisively defeated the italians here in 1896 to secure recognition of ethiopia's independence . population , 21 , 107 .	埃塞俄比亚南部的一座城镇 , 墨尼克二世决定在1896年击败意大利人 , 安全识别埃塞俄比亚独立的意大利人 。
but with this example alone can you realize that with some more exercise of thoughts and intelligent i don't wanna say intelligent design here , intelligent design can you actually solve this problem so much more efficiently and just as correctly .	但是随着这个例子 , 只有你才能认识到更多的思想和智能运动 , 我不会说智能设计 , 智能设计可以解决这个问题更有效 , 正确的解决这个问题 。
rome , april 7 the strong earthquake that hit central italy on monday has killed at least 150 people , injured some 1 , 500 and left around 70 , 000 homeless , italian media reported on tuesday .	据意大利媒体周二报道 , 四月七日强大地震袭击中央意大利至少有150人死亡 , 受伤了约1500人 , 000名无家的地震 , 意大利媒体报道 。
according to onboard military officers , sailors on the destroyer , coded ddg169 wuhan , carried out comprehensive exercises focusing on rapid response , inspections , and simulated attacks .	根据上述军事部官 , 摧毁者的帆船员 , 编码了ddg169武汉 , 全面运动着重于快速响应、检查和模拟攻击 。
paul's message in all of these things is that , i didn't do anything wrong , i'm just here to obey the law , i'm here to serve my people , to honor the traditions of my people and my ethnic group , the jews .	保罗在所有这些事情中的消息都是 , 我不做任何事情 , 我只是在这里服用法律 , 我在这里为我人民和我民族团体的传统荣誉 。
like previous attacks , wednesday's incident in hong kong's busy north point district involved corrosive liquid apparently thrown into a crowded shopping district from a nearby highrise building .	就像以前的袭击一样 , 星期三在香港的忙点区发生的事件显然会从附近的高层建筑中引发腐蚀的液体 。
the level of employment is ultimately determined by aggregate demand , and aggregate demand is determined by whatever the central bank thinks the economy can bear , without jeopardising stable prices .	尽管中央银行认为经济可以承担的情况下 , 就业水平最终决定了集中需求 , 而且不需要稳定的稳定价格 。
their study subjects ate vegetarian whole foods with 10 percent of calories from fat , walked 30 minutes six days a week , used stressreducing techniques , and went to a weekly support group .	他们的研究主题每周在脂肪中吃蔬菜整个食品 , 每周有10%的热量食品 , 走30分钟的六天 , 使用压力诱导技术 , 每周到一周的支持组 。
here the supermarket and street stalls coexist , variety of handicraft souvenirs , with ivory and wood carvings of figures , pest birds , flowers , shape lifelike lifelike , are tourists shopping places .	在这里 , 超市和街标的共存 , 各种手工方便 , 拥有ivory和木雕 , 森林鸟 , 花 , 形状生命类似 , 是旅游购物地 。
the purpose of this study was to describe norms of pinch strength for normal taiwanese adults and to investigate the effects the of age , gender , height , weight , and digit length on pinch strength .	本研究的目的是描述正常台湾成年人正常的pinch强度规范 , 探讨年龄、性别、高度、数字长度对pinch强度的影响 。
beijingfuzhou highway , 104national road , the beijingshanghai railway runs through the north and the south , since ancient times as " fdbwa three , nine province thoroughfare " place .	北京福州公路104个国家道路 , 北京上海铁路通过北部和南部运行 , 因为古代的fdbwa3 , 九个省全面 " 的地方 。
it is the tallest rocket to emerge from the vehicle assembly building since the massive 363foot saturn v rocket used to launch apollo astronauts to the moon in the 1960s and 1970s .	自1960年代和1970年代以来 , 由于大规模363英尺的火箭发射阿波罗宇航员到月球 。
how can the miaos women living in the remote mountain area get to know yinyang fish , the typical symbolic logo of han's culture , and embody the socalled yinyang philosophy in their embroidery ?	如何在远山地区居住的苗族女性如何知道尹阳鱼 , 典型的汉族文化标志标志 , 体现了所谓的阴阳哲学 ?
on monday and tuesday , students boycotted classes and examinations while several thousand students maintained a peaceful demonstration outside the college's administration building , students said .	学生说 , 周二和周二在大学管理建筑外保持和平示范 。
wen jiabao , carry out seriously the spirit of the 17th cpc national congress , devote more efforts to the anticorruption work and a clean and honest government construction , 9 qiushi , 6 .	温家宝 , 严重运行17届cpc国家国会精神 , 为反腐败工作和诚实的政府建设 , 9个qiushi , 6 。
february 6 , 2005 , the ministry of commerce issued " for the " thousands of rural villages " the pilot informed the market works " officially launched " thousands of rural villages " the market works .	2005年2月6日 , 商务部发布了 " 数千名农村村 " 的商务部 , 飞行员告诉市场 " 正式发布 " 数千名农村作品 " 。
building on its expertise in amoled technology , the samsung nx10 sports a large 3 . 0 " amoled screen , delivering a far brighter and clearer image than comparable lcd screens . "	三星nx10运动大型3.0 " 分配屏幕的专家建立 , 比较可比的lcd屏幕更清晰 。
this may result in either a ) the polar ice caps melt , forcing mankind to live on boats with kevin costner or b ) the gulf stream stops , turning new york city into an enormous icecube .	这可能导致一个 " 极性冰帽 " 熔融 , 迫使人类与凯文·费特或 " 海湾流站 " 住在船上 , 将纽约城变成巨大的冰川 。
based on structural risk minimization principal , the influences of the error penalty parameter c and the kernel parameter σ on support vector machines generalization ability are studied .	基于结构风险微化原理 , 研究了误差penalty参数c和内核参数对支持向量机通用能力的影响 。
under semantics guidance , through the full title sentence's analysis and the full title sentence's probabilistic logic system , we have a good solution for full title sentence's inductive acceptance .	在语义指导下 , 通过全称句子的分析和全名句的概率逻辑体系 , 我们有良好的解决全名句子的行为接受性 。
on hearing her routine , christopher hitchens , a polemicist , remarked that “when comedians flatter the president , they become court jesters , and the country becomes a banana republic . ”	在听到她的路由上 , 克里斯托弗·克里斯托弗·克里斯坦克里斯托弗·克里森说 , 一个极端主义者 , 说明 " 无论是喜剧主席 , 他们成为一个巴纳共和国 " 。
as jamel belhaj , general director of public debt in tunisia , puts it , “it is very important for us to maintain an optimal combination of fixed and floating rate debt to manage our debt service costs .	作为丹尼亚公债总监詹姆尔·贝尔哈杰 , 提出 " 对于我们保持固定和浮动率债务的最佳结合来说 , " 这对我们的债务服务成本非常重要 。
designed to access the electronic control and diagnostic systems such as engine , diesel pump , gearbox , clutch , brakes , asd , asr , srs , electrical roof control , dash panel and ac/heating .	设计访问发动机、柴油泵、齿轮盒、齿轮、齿轮、齿轮、齿轮、齿轮、齿轮、齿轮、齿轮、齿轮、齿轮、齿轮等电控系统 。
the lawyers' associations shall conduct professional selfregulation of the practice of law by lawyers in accordance with the lawyers law , bylaws of lawyers' associations and professional rules .	法律委员会应根据法律法律法、法律法规、法律法规、法律法规、法律法规等专业自我规定 。
it is important to recognize the circulatory dysfunction in the elderly trauma patients may be primarily caused by hypovolemia , but to differentiate it from cardiac insufficiency may be necessary .	老年创伤患者的循环功能主要是由于缺血压引起的 , 但对心脏不足的鉴别可能是必要的 。
" we talk about five core competencies in social and emotional learning , " says weissberg , " selfawareness , selfmanagement , social awareness , relationship skills , and responsible decision making .	" 我们在社会和情感学习中谈到五个核心竞争力 , " weissberg说 , " 自我意识、社会意识、关系技能和责任决策 。
waste water treatment , water purification , dewatering , bar screen , rotary drum screen , jet diffuser , pump , water filter , belt filter press , powder dissolver pumps and pumping equipment .	废水处理 , 净水 , 水净化 , 水净化 , 水洗涤 , 酒屏 , 旋转鼓屏幕 , 喷气扩散器 , 水滤波器 , 水带滤波器 , 污水泵和泵设备 。
the basic principles and simulation methods of a nullcouplerbased oadm are studied firstly , especially in the crosstalk of a ybranch structure and the coupling properties of a tilted grating .	首先研究了一种基于nullcouuuuuuuuuuuuuucoupler的基本原理和模拟方法 , 尤其是在ybranch结构的交叉中 。
george w bush , who is regularly in bed by 10pm , thomas edison , napoleon , condoleezza rice , who wakes at 4 . 30am , and ernest hemingway are among those known as larks .	乔治 ? 布什正常在10pm床 , 托马斯·爱迪松 , 拿破仑 , 康洛伊莎大米 , 在4.30am的时候 , 斯特·亨明威在这些被称为拉克 。
it had been concluded that some certain intermacromolecult cross link was formed among finishing agents and fiber by means of acid and alkalic hydrolysis , amino acid analysis and tg method .	研究结果表明 , 采用酸性和碱性水解、氨基酸分析和tg方法制备了某些微分子交叉链接 。
s . refused to sign the agreement , and is urging the united nations' convention on certain conventional weapons " a protocol attached , so as to provide legitimacy to the use of cluster weapons . "	美国拒绝签署协议 , 并且正在敦促联合国在某些传统武器的会议 " 一个协议 " 的协议 , 所以为集群武器的使用提供立法 。
i estimate that , based on economic values , these losses will to a further $800 billion to $900 billion , putting total credit losses north of $1 . 7 trillion for the whole period of the crisis .	我估计 , 基于经济价值的基础上 , 这些损失将达到900亿美元的800亿美元 , 总债损失1.7万亿美元 。
supachai's comments come as the u . s . house of representatives friday is expected to vote again on a revised $700 billion bailout plan after the bill was struck down monday .	星期五 , 苏pachai的评论将于星期五再次投票700亿美元的银行计划后 , 美国代表家预计将在星期五投票 。
licensor desires to grant to the licensee for agreed sum of money as provided herein , and licensee desires to obtain from licensor , nonassignable , geographically restrictive license .	许可证人希望向许可证人签署协定金额 , 并且许可证人需要从许可证人、非可签署的地理检索许可证人 。
based on the fermented yoghourt , we took fresh milk as raw material and added stabilizer , honey , essence and sugars into it to produce fruity flavor drinks with lactic acid bacteria .	根据发酵瑜伽小时 , 我们用新鲜奶作为原材料添加稳定剂、蜂蜜、精华和糖作为乳酸细菌生产水果味饮料 。
poet yiannis ritsos once called monemvasia " a ship of stone , " and those who have visited rave about " rugged , saltofthe earthbeauty " that provides " a refreshing escape " from the real world .	诗人伊安妮斯·里特斯曾被称为蒙瓦斯 " 一艘石头 " 的船 , 而那些曾经访问过 " 垃圾 " 、地球美 " 的那些 " 提供 " 来自现实世界 " 的重新逃避 " 。
when this happens , the pancreas produces greater amounts to compensate , flooding the bloodstream with insulin ; high levels of insulin in the blood have been linked to [some types of] cancer .	当这种发生时 , 胰腺产生更多的补偿 , 与胰岛素水平与胰岛素相关 , 血液中胰岛素的高水平已经与肿瘤相关 。
this patent pending formula , amidren contains efficacious amounts of clinically proven natural ingredients to address the 5 critical stages of male hormone modulation to address andropause as men age .	本专利支持公式 , amidren包含有效的临床成分证明自然成分 , 以解决男性激素调制的5个关键阶段 。
while a full takeover is seen as a stretch , some companies that may cast an eye over the unit include hp's rivals in asia such as china's lenovo group ltd and taiwan's acer inc , banking sources said .	银行资源表示 , 虽然全部采取被看作是一个伸展的公司 , 但有些公司可能会在亚洲的hp竞争包括中国联合国集团有限公司和台湾的投资者 。
the necessity and thinking on the structural adjustment in agricultural industry is discussed , on the basis of investigation and analysis on agricultural present situation of xiangtan city .	针对西安市农业结构调整的必要性和思考 , 探讨了西安农业现状的必要性和思考 。
single fundamental mode verticalcavity surfaceemitting laserhas potential applications such as data transmission in optical network , optical interconnect , optical storage , and laser printing .	单基本模式垂直性表面限制激光器的潜在应用 , 如光网、光连接、光电存储、激光打印等 。
spending in 2010 decreased 1 . 3% , after the country’s defense ministry recommended germany close several army bases and cut the number of troops from 250 , 000 to 180 , 000 .	2010年支出减少了1.3% , 在国防部推荐德国近几个军队基地 , 并从25000到180000 , 000名军队切断数量 。
qiu lin is new , heavy is good for her , but she is hypocritical in the eyes of others . < /p> < p> qiu lin went to the director , insisted on their own , the director appreciate her .	邱林是新人 , 重度对她很好 , 但她在别人眼中是假定的 , </p><qiulin坚持自己 , 导演欣赏她 。
keenly awaited growth figures for the fourth quarter of 2008 were as clear as mud to most analysts , who were left struggling to work out what is really happening in the world's thirdlargest economy .	keenly等待2008年第四季的增长数字显然很明显 , 对于大多数分析师来说 , 世上第三大经济实际发生的事情 。
in order to establish a fullfledged market economy in our country , we must have a better bankruptcy law , which should remedy the shortcomings of the current law lacking of individual bankruptcy .	为了建立我国全国全国的市场经济 , 我们必须有更好的破产法律 , 应该恢复现有的个人破产法 。
through simulation and modification , more accuracy experiment data were gained . the calibration curve of alanine dosimeter irradiated by proton was obtained at last . the linear coefficient is 0 . 999 5 .	通过模拟和修改 , 得到了更准确的实验数据 , 得到了用原子辐射的亚氨胺剂量光纤曲线 , 最后得到了线性系数为0.95 。
it's going to run through the loop , accumulating the answers , but because i'm subtracting , x it's just going to keep making x more and more negative as it goes along , again it's off into an infinite loop .	它将通过循环运行 , 积累回答者 , 但因为我被提取 , x就会保持x和更多的负面 , 同时它就会再次出现无限循环 。
joe biden , the vicepresident , responding to republican sniping today in an interview with nbc . " i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything [suggested] in response .	约伯登 , 副总统 , 回应今天与nbc采访共和党雪ip , " 我听到了很多批评 , 但我从未听到任何东西 。 "
the high mountain is a unique environment . the mountain range poses tough trials for the life forms that inhabit it . yet , the challenges provide the necessary motives for species to adapt and evolve .	高山是一个独特的环境 , 山范围对居住的生活形式有着严峻的试验 , 然而 , 挑战为物种适应和进化提供必要的动机 。
the results showe that it can assist the experiments making glucose plasma which desire ideal de value . and it can significantly reduce the number of experiments , save human resource , money and time .	结果表明 , 它可以帮助实验制造葡萄糖等离子质量 , 能明显减少实验、节省人力资源、时间 。
earlier today , all things considered host robert siegel asked anthony carnevale , director of georgetown university's center on education and the workforce , if that number is correct .	今天早些时候 , 所有的东西都考虑主持罗伯特·塞格尔问安东尼卡内瓦 , 乔治敦大学教育中心和工作力的总监 , 如果这个数字正确 。
even if you're running a oneperson business , invite your spouse or significant other , a trusted friend who knows your business , andif you can afford the hourly feesyour accountant or attorney .	即使你正在运行一个person的业务 , 邀请你的话或重要的其他 , 一个信任的朋友知道你的业务 , 假如你可以花费一个小时的费用或监督 。
china's ravenous appetite for energy puts the country at risk of reaching a point of “peak coal , ” when demand for coal will outstrip domestic production capacity , a growing number of experts believe .	中国对能源能源的风险让国家在达到 " 打击煤的风险 , " 当需求出现国内生产能力的时候 , 专家们相信 , 中国的需求将导致国内生产能力的增长 。
i create sculptural ceramic work which , although abstract , is rooted in the natural world . simple curved and undulating forms explore biomorphic shapes and structural growth patterns .	我创造了雕塑陶瓷作品 , 虽然抽象根源于天然世界 , 但简单的曲线和不规则的形式探索生物理形态和结构增长模式 。
generally , college savings plans are managed on a very aggressive portfolio of assets in the child’s younger years , switching to a more conservative portfolio as the child nears collegeready age .	一般来说 , 大学节约计划在孩子年轻时期非常积极的资产组合管理 , 随着孩子近年来的孩子更保守的组合 。
medium and late powdery cushaw , the matured fruit is off white skin with little green , high starchiness , high quality , fit to freezed treatment or cushaw powder , planted in early spring .	中晚粉末粉末 , 成熟的水果在白色绿色、高明星、高质量、适合早春的冻结治疗或冻结粉 , 植于早春 。
china has had many 4000 company , according to baidu money signs up for exposure first quarter , in the client amount that baidu advertises , only 161 thousand , 0 . 4% what hold company sum total only .	中国有4000家公司 , 根据百度资金签署的第一季度 , 在百度广告中 , 只有161万个 , 0.4%的持有公司总结 。
for more on the thinking behind times open , watch the yahoo developer network's interview with nyt's derek gottfrid , senior software architect the man behind the times open gathering .	越来越多的时候开放思维 , 观看雅虎开发者网络采访与nyt的桌面获得了rid , 高级软件架构师在开幕后面的时候打开 。
in icrp 1990 recommendations , a new weighting factor——radiation weighting factorw_r was introduced to replace the quality factor q for modifying the absorbed dose averaged over atissue or organ .	在1990年icrp建议中 , 提出了一种新的重量因子-辐射强度因子 , 以取代吸收剂量平均的质量因子q 。
an algorithm for marking pitch at the location of the largest amplitude of continuous speech signal is described , which is based on the finding of glottal closure instants in laryngograph signal .	介绍了一种基于喉图信号的最大范围标记pitch的算法 , 基于喉图信号的全球闭环实例的研究 。
the liverpool manager , who has presided over six defeats in the last eight matches ahead of birmingham city's visit tonight , claimed he was " 100% sure " his team would start to climb the table .	这位利物浦经理在昨晚八场比赛前总统的六场比赛中 , 他称他是 " 100%的 " 肯定 " 将开始攀登桌子 。
" when we use this technique to target gm plants , we can simply identify and kill the accidentally released gm strains without hurting conventional plants , " shen told scidev . net .	" 当我们使用这种技术到目标gm植物时 , 我们可以简单地识别并杀死gm株并没有打击传统植物的gm株 。 "
" happy people drag their spouses out of bed to go exercise , and they encourage them to eat healthier , " says bill chopik an associate psychology 3 professor at msu , and lead author of the study .	" 幸福的人从床上跳出来 , 他们鼓励他们吃健康 , " 比尔选择一个相关心理3教授 , 以及研究的作者的领导人比尔说 。
though many people continue to identify black eyeliner with a retro look , zoller says it's never really gone out of style at auditions , and it's attractive as long as it's not applied too heavily .	虽然许多人继续识别黑眼睛 , 但zoller表示 , 它永远不会在审计中出现风格 , 只要它不太重视应用 。
chinese cities gained as the yuan strengthened somewhat against most other currencies , said mercer . shanghai , shenzhen and guangzhou moved up to 12th , 22nd and 23rd respectively .	上海、深圳、广州和广州移动到12、22nd和23rd的中国城市增强了大多数货币 。
as a result , it's often easier to use static vxml files even if that option offers less flexibility , reactivity , and extensibility than to go with servlets and frequent recompilations .	结果 , 即使该选项提供的灵活性、反应性和可扩展性更容易使用静态vxml文件 。
natural carnival , life of the party , our after the sentiment , smart touch gladdening the heart and refreshing the mind , strong hazel incense bring multiple taste , suddenly lifeincomparable .	自然保护党的生活 , 后来我们的情感 , 智慧触摸心灵 , 重新鲜明心 , 带来多样的味道 , 突然生活相伴 。
this week , xstrata , another big mining firm , suspended operations at a nickel mine in the dominican republic while converting its power supply to run on coal , rather than—more expensive—oil .	本周 , xstrata , 另一家大型采矿公司 , 在dominican共和国内的镍矿支持操作 , 而且在转换煤供给的时候 , 却不仅是昂贵的 。
according to importance value , the vegetation in beijing wulingshan nature reserve can be classified into 3 vegetation type groups , 5 vegetation types , 42 formations and 139 associations .	根据重要价值 , 北京武陵山自然保护植被可分为3种植物类型、5种植物类型、42种、139个协会 。
and , that's a good thing to know because if you come out with an answer that's somewhere near the diameter of the universe and it's supposed to be the diameter of an atom , then you will know that you probably made a mistake .	而且 , 这是一个很好的东西知道 , 因为如果你和宇宙直径的答案 , 那么你就知道你可能会做错误的 。
the advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer on nasa’s terra satellite captured these falsecolor images on january 15 , 2010 , and january 21 , 2003 .	2003年1月15日 , 美国航天卫星上最先进的太空热排放和反射射辐射器捕捉这些虚拟分子图像 , 以及2003年1月21日 。
there is a great need for deeply understanding the functions of single molecule of schistosomes in vivo due to the accumulated information from schistosome genomics , transcriptomics and proteomics .	由于schosome基因组学、转基因组学和蛋白质学的积累信息 , 需要深入理解单分子的功能 。
the dead sea mineral improves the skin cells metabolism relieves muscle cramps and stiffness . protects body against fluid loss and balances acidalkali levels .	死海矿物改善皮肤细胞代谢减少肌肉裂纹和稳定性 , 保护身体对流体损失和平衡酸碱水平 。
this company endeavors to hardening , normalizing , tempering , high and medium temperature quenching , mesh belt furnace quenching , cementing , time effective freezing and high temperature treatment etc .	本公司内容为哈丹、正常化、温度高、中温淬火、现金带淬火、水泥、时间冻结、高温处理等 。
ma haiyan ; chemical engineering department of nantong university zhang hao & liu zhaofeng ; state key lab for modification of chemical fibers and polymer materials ; donghua university ;	马海燕 ; 南华大学化学工程部 ; 东华大学化纤和聚合材料修饰国家关键实验室 ;
new york , us: nassau county police officers on horseback patrol outside the best buy electronics store on black friday , which marks the traditional start of the festive shopping season .	纽约:nasau县警察在周五的最佳购买电子商店外 , 标志着传统的购物季节的传统开始 。
volunteers of america helper rodney cunningham unloads boxes of thanksgiving food for lowincome families . he'll be getting a box himself to feed his four children and grandchildren .	美国帮助者rodneycuninham的志愿者 , 感谢低收入家庭的感谢 , 他将自己吃一个盒子喂养自己的四个孩子和孙子 。
" wuzhen has a kind of nourishing energy , " said meng jinghui , the artistic director of this year's theater festival . " in terms of content and budget , they have given us complete freedom .	" 武镇有一种营养能源 , " 今年的剧院节艺术总监梅金华说 , " 在内容和预算方面 , 他们已经给我们完全自由 。 "
after appreciating the exhibition , mr . coumet bought several kinds of souvenir on display and inquired on the business of buying pictures , showing heartfelt affection towards the master's works .	在欣赏展览之后 , 列先生买了几种方便 , 询问购买图片的业务 , 向主作品展示心情感 。
the spotchecking results of fiber grade pet chip were analysed from intrinsic viscosity , diethylene glycol content , melt point , carboxyl end group , color , agglomerating particle and powder .	分析了纤维级宠物芯片的检查结果 , 从内部粘度、死乙烯甘油含量、熔点、碳基结束、聚合粒子、粉末等方面分析了纤维级宠物芯片的检测结果 。
in the eyes following son , rich brocade scale up of the beauty is engaging , pure such as the face of jade send forth a radiant ray of light and show people heart to concuss perfect creature chi .	在以下儿子的眼睛里 , 丰富的布鲁卡德正在鼓舞美丽 , 比如玉发出光灯光的面孔 , 显示人们对完美的生物精神造成贡献 。
first , yuanshizhu emperor kublai khan ended after the unification war , firmly once issued an order south demolishing the city city wall , after demolishing strictly prohibited repairing .	首先 , 云川皇帝库布拉伊在统一战争结束后 , 一旦发出了一份订单的南城墙 , 严格禁止修复 。
the expression of pdgf a was mainly found in the renal distal tubule and epithelial cells of distal straight tubule and glomerulus capillary , but igf 1 in transplanting artery equal expressed .	pdgfa的表达主要是在移植动脉动脉的肾脏疾病管和上皮细胞中发现的pdggf表达 。
how much people make is " the no . 1 lie , " says julie jansen , a careercoach and author of " i don’t know what i want , but i know it’s not this . " " i tell my clients not to embellish their salaries . "	多少人都是 " 第1谎言 " , 朱莉·詹森说 , " 我不知道我想要的东西 , 但是我告诉我客户不要把他们的薪水说 。
the budget of a local government at any level includes revenues turned over by the governments at lower levels and revenues refunded or subsidies granted by the governments at higher levels .	任何水平的地方政府预算包括通过低水平的政府收入和收入的补贴 , 以及高水平的政府的收入或补贴 。
you may perhaps have some pleasant , thrilling , glorious hourss , even in a poorhouse . the setting sun is reflected from the windows of the almshouse as brightly as from the rich man's abode ;	你可能有一些愉快的、令人惊叹的、光亮的小时甚至在贫穷的房子里 , 设置阳光从上面的窗户中反映出来 ;
at least 20 local madrassa students have disappeared , most likely to join the fight in afghanistan , he says , and taliban backers are even trying to stop the traditional music and dancing at weddings .	他说 , 至少20名当地马达拉萨的学生已经消失了 , 大多数可能加入阿富汗的战斗 , 塔利班的支持者甚至试图阻止传统音乐和舞蹈在婚礼上 。
method according to the criterions of diagnosis and degree established by respiratoy branch of chinese medicine academy , 81 patients of mild or moderate bronchial asthma was selected .	方法根据中医学院呼吸分支的诊断和程度建立的标准 , 选用81例中性支气管哮喘患者 。
this is based on changes that first appeared during aix 5 . 3 , when you no longer had to turn off strict_maxclient , increase minfrree and maxfree , or reduce minperm , maxperm , and maxclient .	这基于aix5.3中第一个出现的变化 , 当你不再需要转移严格的maxclient时 , 增加微型和maxperm , 或者减少微型 , 最大lient 。
the cboe volatility index or vix . vix , wall street's socalled fear gauge , fell despite a decline in stocks earlier in the day as traders saw fewer reasons to buy protection .	cboe电视指数或vix.vix , 华尔街所谓的恐惧标志下降 , 尽管早些时候交易者看到了一些原因购买保护 。
the council for a parliament of the world's religions has organized meetings in 1999 in cape town , south africa ; in 2004 in barcelona , spain ; and the next is set for 2009 in australia .	世界宗教会议会在1999年在澳大利亚坎普镇举办会议 ; 2004年在巴塞罗那州、西班牙的巴塞罗那州 , 下一次在澳大利亚设立 。
the good news is that h1n1 is hitting north america at the tail end of its flu season . it's possible that the virus may peter out and reappear next autumn , but that gives us months to prepare .	好消息是 , h1n1正在打击北美在流感季节的尾巴结束 , 可能是病毒可能会彼得和重复下一个秋天 , 但这给我们准备好几个月 。
" it's good to know every game is winnable , " lamar odom said after practice saturday . " so we're down 10 , with seven minutes left , six minutes left , we know that we can come back and win that game .	" 每场比赛都很好 , " 拉姆奥多姆周六练习后说 , " 所以我们下午10分钟左 , 六分钟后 , 我们知道我们可以回到这场比赛 。 "
importantly , the wellestablished and proven workflow processes of tmcs that feed into corporate clients’ systems rely almost exclusively upon the airline booking and servicing capabilities of gdss .	重要的是 , 建立和证明tmcs的良好工作流程 , 它们的工作流程依赖于gds的航空线预订和服务能力 。
the conservative firebrand has signed a multiyear deal to serve as a fox news contributor , the cable channel's executive vice president for programming , bill shine , said in a statement .	在一份声明中 , 保守消防大桥签署了多年的交易 , 作为一个狐狸新闻发布商 , 电缆通道的执行副总裁布什说 。
the international community spent an estimated $500 million to bankroll the vote , which senior u . s . and u . n . officials acknowledged in recent weeks would be far from perfect .	国际社会花了500万美元对银行投票的估计 , 最近几周美国和美国官员承认的投票将远远离完美 。
" there is therefore a need to take into account dietary habits when designing studies to assess the association between flavonoidrich foods , antioxidant activity and degenerative disease , " they add .	他们补充说: " 因此在设计研究黄酮类食品、抗氧化剂活性和变性疾病之间 , 需要采取数量饮食习惯 。 "
and then we said you can also achieve octet stability and electron transfer if you look at elements that are just a little bit rich of electrons versus octet stability or a little bit lean of electrons .	然后 , 我们还可以实现octet稳定性和电子传输 , 如果你看到电子的元素 , 只有少量的电子都是极稳定或少量的电子显示器 。
based on high effective locations algorithm and error estimate , improvement of the publickey scheme based on chebyshev maps proposed recently was presented and a key agreement protocol was given .	基于高效位置算法和误差估计 , 提出了基于切比shev映射的公钥方案改进 , 并给出了一个关键协议 。
six kinds of new schiff base tripodals were prepared by using the triethanolamine , salicylaldehyde , and amines as materials . the synthesis of these compounds are shown as follows .	采用三甲醇、三甲醛和胺为材料 , 制备了六种新型schiff基三聚酯 。
she had brought up bits of old packing cases and the seats of broken kitchen chairs , and things of that sort , and spread them across from rafter to rafter so as to make a bit of floor .	她带了许多旧包装案例和破碎厨房椅的座位 , 以及那种类型的东西 , 把它们传到rafter到rafter上 , 这样就要做一些地板 。
cocacola south pacific last year ran advertising titled " motherhood &mythbusting , " featuring popular australian actress kerry armstrong and claiming coke was " kiddy safe .	去年 , 可口可乐南太平洋广告称 " 母亲和妈妈买卖 " , 特别是澳大利亚女演员克里·阿姆斯特朗 , 声称科迪安全 。
it suggested that the malignant transformation of human embryo lung diploid fibroblast cell strain kmb17 cell could be induced by cofc , which might have potential carcinogenicity to human .	结果表明 , 人胚肺外交纤维细胞株kmb17细胞的恶性转移可能有可能对人类有潜在的致癌性 。
epitaxial growth of lbd and laser on single crystal silicon film quartz substrate or single crystal silicon film quartz substrate deposited buffer layer .	lbd和激光在单晶硅薄膜四极子上生长或单晶硅硅薄膜基质上 。
private secondary schools are unlikely to succeed in the situation have been beneficial to their own circumstances , to attract highquality source of students , the school must have a high quality .	私立二级学校不可能成功地成功 , 受到自己的环境 , 吸引高质量的学生 , 学校必须有很高的质量 。
conclusion the expression status of her2 is closely related with gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma , the positive expression of her2 is a poor prognosis indicator for gastric cardiac adenocarcinoma .	结论h2的表达与胃心腺癌密切相关 , 她2的阳性表达是胃心腺癌的不良预后指标 。
methods: gene chip and rtpcr were used to study expression of cxcr4 mrna in two cell lines and the cxcr4 surface expression was also examined by flow cytometry analysis .	方法:采用基因芯片和rtpcr对两个细胞线中cxcr4mrna表达的表达及cxcr4表达进行研究 。
the performance nevertheless missed wall street expectations , as the new yorkbased life insurer raised capital for its $15 . 5 billion purchase of american life insurance co . , or alico .	尽管华尔街的表现从未错过过过的期望 , 因为纽约生活保险公司提高了1550亿美元的美国生活保险公司或许可公司的资本 。
build scripts in languages like groovy or ruby are more concise and easier to read . there’s less clutter , boilerplate code , and your build script can be structured better .	如groovy或ruby这样的语言中建立脚本更容易阅读 。
the fall of rome did not destroy one of the most important tenacious and significant aspects of the old culture , the roman catholic church , which remained and became the central fact for the new culture .	罗马的秋天不摧毁了新文化中最重要的思想和重要方面之一 , 罗马天主教会仍然成为新文化的中心事实 。
mr paisley , who leads the dup , the largest unionist party , is an 80yearold protestant cleric who has spent his life denouncing the very idea of a rapprochement with republican leaders like mr adams .	巴西利先生领导了杜普的最大的联邦党 , 是一个80岁的抗议客户 , 他花费了他的生命宣布和共和党领导人这样的共和党领导人 。
in america babyboomers are flooding into retirement ; in europe the market is greying ; and in india and china the large number of graduates masks low numbers of truly highquality candidates .	美国婴儿体育家正在降低退休 , 欧洲市场正在贪婪 ; 印度和中国大量的大型学生大量的高质量候选人数 。
the 1974 neonoir movie “chinatown” was based on the insider land grab by speculators and the bitter water wars the department of water and power fought during the 1930s with owens valley residents .	1974年neonoir电影《chinatown》是根据投机人员和bitter水战争了1930年代欧文谷居民的水电和电力部 。
on m111 engine test bench , using the test methods specified in gb/t19230 . 62003 , the effect of different oils to deposits at air inlet valve and combustion chamber of the engine is studied .	针对gb/t19230.62003指定的m11发动机试验台 , 研究了不同油藏在空气输入阀和燃烧室中的试验方法 。
if several hundred thousand more haitians were able to migrate , those dominican , honduran or salvadoran numbers suggest that remittances to haiti would give its economy a huge and continuing jolt .	如果有数百多名海地人能移民 , 这些多米尼亚人 , 荷兰人或萨尔瓦多人建议 , 中国经济将给海地带来巨大的经济和持续的困境 。
perhaps people need to remember that china refused tosurrender to the japanese , and kept a third of the japanese armed forcesengaged , preventing them from being diverted to fight other alloed forces .	也许人们需要记住中国拒绝对日本的旅行者 , 并且保持三分之一的武装力量语言 , 防止他们从军队转移到其他的合作力量 。
i guess i’m saying that even though i’m not making a significant direct financial input into our family , the volunteer work that i do is significant enough that some people get paid to do it .	我猜我甚至说 , 尽管我不会做出巨大的直接金融输入到我们家里 , 我的志愿者工作很重要 , 但有些人得到付款 。
vicki back atmosphere was more awkward . < /p> < p> 11 weeks old and rainbow and eat together , two people about good signal if one felt good on the old week to pinch his ear .	维基回气氛更多 , </p><1周老雨虹和一起吃 , 如果一周觉得很好的话 , 两人关于好信号 。
relatively new campaigning groups such as uk uncut will be joining traditional political attendees at the festival , including trade unions , as well as antinuclear , green and grassroots groups .	英国联合国的相对新竞选组将在节日加入传统政治参与 , 包括贸易联盟、绿色、草原群体 。
the equilibrium temperatures of inclusion in pingbei area are characterized by double peak , which means at least two session of hydrocarbon filling occurred in the reservoir of pinghu formation .	在平北地区的平衡温度特征是由双峰特征的 , 这意味着至少两次水碳填充在平湖水库中出现 。
the fluid was so hot that it made upper ordovician palaeotemperature go up 50 °c , and increased the hydrocarbongenerating rate of carbonate rock in ordovician 32 times at least .	流体太热了 , 上奥多维亚古拉古气温达到50°c , 至少32倍以上碳酸盐岩的水生率增加了32倍 。
treated with high temperature steam produced by the autoclave and pressure cooker , the influence of high temperature steam treatment on the content of gcg in green tea was studied in this article .	采用高温蒸汽制备高温蒸汽 , 对绿茶中高温蒸汽含量的影响进行了研究 。
the geometric model for target hitting analysis of predictive arctype trajectory is set up and its analytical solution is derived . this is a new algorithm for target hitting analysis .	建立了预测弧形轨迹的几何模型 , 并给出了其分析解决方案 , 这是目标打击分析的新算法 。
in my opinion , having a dinner party can of couse reinforces the friendship among the friends . but it won't be forgoten that we shouldn't lay others' pain aside , while enjoying ourselves .	在我的意见上 , 有一个晚餐党可以加强朋友的友谊 , 但我们不能忘记别人的痛苦 , 而享受自己 。
the pavilion was made out of 12 translucent orange cylinders housing the exhibit's various functions: conference room , information booth , food stand , and advertising column , for example .	本馆由12个透明橙色的橙色圆柱房间、信息发布室、食品站和广告列组成 , 例如 。
as a gift to 2012 sinoseychelles culture year , the final of global cultural ambassador will be held on pearl on indian oceanbeautiful archipelago country seychelles .	作为2012年中海文化年的礼物 , 全球文化大使将在印度海洋上举行珠珠宝 。
the japanese industry pavilion is quite near to the pavilion of urban civilization . japan has always paid great attention to participating in world expos , and surely it will not disappoint you .	日本工业馆很近城市文明馆 , 日本一直关注世界博览会 , 确保它不会失望你 。
nowadays , our markets include southern and eastern europe , australia , middle east , southeastern asia and america , and we have regular shipment to many of these destinations monthly .	现在 , 我们的市场包括南欧和东欧、澳大利亚、中东、东南亚和美国 , 我们每月都有常规的船舶 。
article 35 2 limit orders for options contracts may state that the order must be executed immediately or else be canceled , or must be executed immediately in full or else be canceled .	第三十五十二条选项合同的限制订单可能会立即执行订单 , 或者必须立即执行完全或其他的订单 。
wellknown for the loyalty to his sovereign , jeong mongju is a poet , scholar and famous minister who believes in confucianism during the gongmin and simwu dynasties of korea .	著名的忠诚对他的主权 , 江蒙君是一位诗人、著名部长 , 相信在朝鲜和西武时期的儒家主义和著名部长 。
women's or girls' suits , ensembles , jackets , blazers dresses , skirts , divided skirts , trousers , bib and brace overalls , breeches and shorts	女性或女孩的服装 , 装饰 , 夹克服 , 夹克服 , 裙子 , 分布的裙子 , 裤子 , 裤子 , 胸部 , 胸部 , 胸部和短短裤 。
have " big sen " of business is drawing a voice to draw the color earth as the good believerses or the descriptions in the future fine blue print , or point out future generations maze ;	具有 " 大意识 " 的业务正在绘制一个声音 , 作为良好的信仰者或未来的蓝色印刷的描述 , 或指出未来的一代maze ;
this result discloses that gekko gecko may improve ovulatory function of patients with anovulatory dysfunctional uterine bleeding , anovulatory infertility , and so on .	结果发现 , gekogecko可能提高卵巢功能障碍患者的卵巢功能、卵巢不孕等 。
objective to illustrate the mechanism and significance of increased diagnostic rate of brachial plexus injuries using electromyographic examination of phrenic and accessory nerves .	目的探讨用药理学检查和访问神经检查提高脑plexus损伤的机理和意义 。
by combining with some project example , the bridge navigable clear width are calculated and analyzed . in addition , several advices are put forward for implementing current navigation standard .	结合一些项目实例 , 计算了桥梁可导航宽度 , 另外 , 提出了几个建议实现现当前导航标准 。
yet there was one more surprise left in this uruguay team , with maxi pereira's injurytime strike turning the last minutes of the game into wetyourpants time for holland's defenders .	然而 , 在这个乌拉队中有一个令人惊讶的离开 , 马西佩里拉的伤亡时刻将最后一分钟的比赛转化为荷兰的守卫时间 。
pop singer mariah carey was born on march 27 , 1970 in huntington , n . y . to an irishamerican opera singer mother and an africanvenezuelan engineer father .	1970年3月27日出生在华盛顿 , 爱尔兰歌手玛丽亚·凯耶和非洲工程师父亲 。
however grist , the local force's equine liaison officer , cautioned drivers that they could face assault charges if their flag flew off and struck a pedestrian or a cyclist and hurt them .	然而 , 当地部队的平静利亚松官员 , 被称驾驶员如果他们旗下飞行并打击一个行星 , 或者伤害他们 。
in 1968 , with memories of the sixday war with israel fresh in arab minds , he caused a furore by kissing a jewish woman , barbra streisand , in the movie funny girl .	1968年 , 与以色列新鲜的六天战争记忆一起 , 他因为亲吻犹太女人 , 巴布拉·斯里斯德在电影《女孩》中引起了四次冲突 。
the village stands far behind , and the streams that jog through the soft green valleys all about have as little knowledge of the seas as the threeyear old child of the storms and passions of manhood .	村庄站在远后 , 围绕软绿谷的溪流都有很少知识海洋的三年的风暴和激情 。
their works not only expressed the depressed and discontented history and the palpitate unstable soul of ci poets , but reached the perfect fusion of current affairs and the aesthetic specialty of ci .	它们的作品不仅表达了深刻的抑郁和忽视历史和平静的民族诗歌的不稳定灵魂 , 而且达到了当前事务的完美融合和社会审美特色 。
modest pattinson , dubbed rpatz by fans , admitted he was still getting used to the fan hysteria , which kicked off in 2008 when he first played vampire edward cullen in the first twilight movie .	最谦虚的帕丁森 , 在2008年第一次举行的时候 , 他承认他仍然被用来获得球迷hystia 。
when the crisis unfolded and markets devalued all banks across the board , investors picked up seemingly cheap stock , expecting earnings to normalize in 18 to 24 months , ocampo said .	ocampo表示 , 当危机和市场价值超过董事会的时候 , 投资者看起来很便宜的股票 , 预计18至24个月的收益正常化 。
meanwhile , further arms cuts , both hope , might smooth the path to agreement on boosting the battered nuclear nonproliferation treaty at its fiveyearly review in 2010 ;	同时 , 进一步的武器切割 , 两者希望 , 可以顺利协议在2010年电池核不扩散治疗的路径 。
spain's carles puyol scores a goal past germany's goalkeeper manuel neuer during the 2010 world cup semifinal soccer match at moses mabhida stadium in durban july 7 , 2010 .	2010年世界杯半决赛在德国7月7日7日7日7日7日 , 西班牙的卡尔普莱斯在德国目标保护员制造商 。
in a sign of increasing confidence in the pace of recovery , ford said it would begin to push its inventory levels over the 400 , 000vehicle level that it has maintained in recent months .	福特在恢复过程中增加信心的迹象中表示 , 最近几个月 , 它将开始推动400万辆车辆的库存水平 。
downing street said prime minister david cameron has decided to stop using the treasury as his personal photographer of two wages , so as to avoid " the wrong signal to the public release . "	下街表示 , 美国首相大卫卡梅隆决定用财政作为个人摄影师 , 因此避免 " 公众释放错误的信号 " 。
since being elected president in february 2010 , mr yanukovych has moved in two directions , consolidating his personal power but also pursuing economic integration with the european union .	自2010年2月选举以来 , 元科夫奇先生在两个方向上移动 , 巩固自己个人权力 , 也与欧盟采取经济整合 。
other features include electric starter with recoil backup , single lever hydraulic disc front brakes , hydraulic rear foot brake , stamped steel wheels , and comes in indy red .	其他特点包括电动启动器和回收备份 , 单层水力盘前刹车 , 液压后脚刹车 , 冲压钢轮 , 进入红色 。
on a large television screen the previous day , elisabeth , 42 , had confronted her father with the full horror of her 24year ordeal in hour after hour of harrowing prerecorded testimony .	在前一天大电视屏幕上 , 42岁的伊丽莎白 , 她的父亲在24小时之后 , 她的24岁的孤独恐怖在一小时之后 , 她的24岁 。
organizers hope the dinner will raise $185 , 000 for the royal parks , which provided the setting for scenes in the second film in the series , " bridget jones: the edge of reason . "	组织者希望晚餐将提高185 , 000美元的皇家公园 , 为第二部影片提供场景 , " 桥琼斯:原因的边缘 。
since independence from britain in 1956 , sudan's northern leaders have fought to extend their power throughout the rebellious south , waging a civil war for all but 11 of the past 48 years .	自1956年英国独立以来 , 苏丹北部领导人在反叛的南方扩大他们的权力 , 但过去48年的11年的民事战争 。
that is , until the great archaeological discoveries of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , which unearthed for us the great civilizations of the ancient near east , of which i have drawn a remarkably lifelike map ] here on the board: mediterranean , i always start with the mediterranean ocean , the nile river , the tigris and the euphrates .	这就是 , 直到十九世纪伟大的拱形学发现 , 十二世纪 , 为了我们远东的伟大文明 , 其中我已经绘制了一个很明显的生活 , 以及我在东方的地图 。
sanford c . bernstein analyst jeffrey lindsay estimates yahoo's standalone value at closer to $25 per share , leaving out any deal with microsoft or google . yahoo shares closed at $25 . 72 on tuesday .	桑福德c.伯恩斯坦分析师jeffreylindsay估计雅虎股价近25美元的独立价值 , 每股25美元左右的微软或谷歌交易 。
and all of a sudden he had a crisis well , i'm not going to get into the depth of it but our banks , because they wanted to make more and more moneyand our investment bank , wall streetkept issuing different paper against mortgages so it made it simple to give a mortgage .	突然他有了危机 , 我不会进入银行深度 , 因为他们想赚更多的钱和我们的投资银行 , 华尔街上发表不同的印象 , 所以他们想让他们更多的投资银行和我们的投资银行发出不同的印象 。
copies of these works , totaling 381 bundles , have been distributed so as to render them accessible to european scholars . prof . jayadeva singh writes in his " introduction to madhyamika philosophy " .	这些作品的副本总共381磅 , 因此 , 把它们分成欧洲学者 。 杰雅达瓦教授在他的 " 引入马达米基哲学 " 。
the japanese artists isobe katsushiro and mizuno ryo continue to follow japanese beau ideal style , one draws the insect world with his pencils , another builds the weird atmosphere with his ball pens .	日本艺术家sobekatshiro和mizunoryo继续遵循日本美丽的理想风格 , 其中一个用铅笔绘制了昆虫世界 , 另一个建造了他所喜欢的气氛 。
portugal has several other tourism regions such as douro sul , templários , dãolafões , costa do sol , costa azul , planície dourada , etc . most of them are unknown to tourists and locals alike .	葡萄牙有许多其他旅游区 , 比如多欧元苏尔 , 莫普里斯 , 德斯塔 , 哥斯塔多拉 , 科斯塔·多拉达等 , 大多数人都不知道旅游和地方 。
